Tales of Wet Horror: Chapter 3: Incident on a Sunny Texas Road

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-07-29 21:30

Okay, so it was last year and I was on a road trip with Linda, Erica and Shaun. We were makin' our way down to Texas to visit Shaun's cousin Ash. It was so hot...seriously! We could have made breakfast on the bonnet of the car it was so hot, just fry up a couple of eggs and some bacon. Anyway, we were driving along this massive straight road, just like the one you always see in movies. Completely deserted. Except for some fields and a couple of farms. See, if I'd gone with you guys, we'd all be complainin' about how thirsty we was, but luckily Linda is one of those girls who packs way more stuff then we actually need., so we were stocked with water and enjoying every minute of it.

We had Shaun in the front driving and Erica in the passenger seat with us in the back of the van. It was one of those hippie ones from the 60's or whatever. Me and Linda were sat in the back, just downing all the water but I had no need to pee. It was all good, Linda on the other hand needed it badly. She had her hands stuff into her crotch and kept jiggling around. It was so annoying. Around 4 hours into the journey and things started to kick off.

There was a hitch hiker at the side of the road. We were still awhile away from him, he was just a speck in the distance.

“Hey guys, Hitch hiker!” Erica piped, practically screaming in Shaun's ear. How did I know this? Well...

“Jesus Christ woman! You just screamed right in my fucking ear drum” Shaun yelled. I could see the spit fly out of his mouth and hit Erica in the face. I stifled a giggle.

“Let's pick him up.” Erica continued, ignore the spit dripping off her face.

“And so begins...The Texas Chainsaw Massacre” Shaun said in his best narrator voice. It was terrible.

“Can we pull over? I gotta pee” Linda quickly said.

“Use a bot-” Shaun began.

“Let's pick him up!” Erica interrupted, she kept repeating this until eventually Shaun broke.

“Fine, we'll fucking pick him up!” He yelled, a combination of sunburn and anger making him go bright red. We pulled over near the hitch hiker and I opened up the back door of the van. He quickly ran over and jumped in. He was short with greasy black hair and his shirt was just drenched in sweat, he stank of it. But, he had been walking along the road for god knows how long, so we really couldn't blame him. He stepped to the back of the van and took a seat, before looking around us all.

“Hi! What's a bunch of kids like you guys doing in a crappy place like this?” He said with a large smile. He seemed pleasant.

“We're heading down to Shaun, the ugly guy driving” Linda began, Shaun interrupted with a quick obscenity, Linda laughed it off. “We're heading down to his cousins, it's not far from here. Probably a couple of miles”

“It been awhile since you've seen him?” This mysterious man asked. He just seemed to be so nice, like the one cool uncle everyone has. We made small talk with him for awhile, before Linda turned to Shaun.

“Hey can we pull over? I still gotta pee” At this point, she was completely incapable of staying still and I really couldn't blame her. I looked down to her crotch and saw a small penny sized wet patch. I kept staring but I really should of being looking at the Hitch hiker. When we neared town he suddenly spoke in a deadly serious voice.

“You kids know what that building is?” He pointed to a large stone building. It must have been abandoned for years. Bits of the roof had come off and rust was wearing away at the buildings door.

“Back in the ole days, they used to take murderers and such out there. This wasn't the police or anything this was just citizens and all that stuff. When the justice system had gone and fucked up, they'd take all these criminals and such an' they'd torture 'em for a while. String 'em up and beat them.”

We just stared at him for a few seconds, a big grin on his face. I was getting nervous because of it. He suddenly leapt forward and started grabbing Shaun, pulling him back by the throat. Erica starts punching him, trying to force him off, but the guy took the beating until the van ended up going off road, hit a rock and flipped over.

It must have been about an hour later when I woke up. I was the first one awake. The first thing I felt was a sting of pain in my ankle and I looked down to it. Linda was lying on my leg. The next thing I felt was a warm, wet feeling on the same ankle. I saw that Linda was peeing herself. The crash must of knocked her around and made her lose control. I saw the urine make it's way down to her ass and onto my ankle, pooling just underneath it. I gotta admit, it felt good. But I was busy panicking at the situation.

I started screaming and the others came too.

“What the hell...” Shaun said, stirring from his rest. He had a large gash on his forehead which was dripping down is face. “Where the fuck is that old guy?!” I then noticed that the hitch hiker had disappeared. Once we were all conscious, we stood outside on the road, besides the van. Linda squatted down and finished off her pee. She didn't want Shaun to see her lady parts so she just peed through her green panties. I'm sure it helped cool her off but she kept sobbing.

“This is just fucking perfect!” Shaun yelled, you've probably guessed by now, but he swore a lot. “Just fucking perfect. My van's screwed, she's pissed herself, were all beat up and that old guy could be anywhere.”

“I'm gonna end up wetting myself soon. That bastard really shook up my bladder” Now that she mentioned it, I really had to pee as well. We argued for about half an hour before we started walking up the road. We would probably arrive in town in about an hour. Luckily he knocked us off the road quite close to it. Shaun and Erica walked up ahead while me and Linda stayed at the back. I was comforting her while holding my pee in. I could feel it pushing up against my bladder wall, just begging to spray into my black jeans. I pushed my fingers into my crotch and pretended to listen to what Linda was saying. She was saying something about “Oh god this happens way too often”. I kept stopping, trying to stop my pee from leaving my bladder and making me look like a fool.

At this point I looked ahead to Erica and saw she was in as bad a situation as I was. She was pushing her dress into her crotch, giving me a view of her black thong. I had no idea she had a birthmark there, anyway, she was putting her fingers into her vagina, trying to prevent the flow. It looked like she'd all ready gone a little because I could see a few droplets on her legs. Noticing this caused me to lose control for a second, urine dripping into my panties. I yelped and Linda turned to me.

“You okay?” She questioned. Tilting her head slightly.

“I'm gonna piss myself.” I whimpered, tears appearing in my eyes. It was at the point, I thought “Screw this, I'm not ruining these jeans” I pulled my jeans down and squatted. I let go and starting peeing into my panties. I could feel the warmth pushing right through my panties and into the sand below. It sprayed a little to left and got onto my shoe, but I was busy enjoying it...the relief. Enjoying the relief. I could feel the others stare at me but I was busy. I finished up and stood, pulling my jeans over my panties.

“Okay. Now she's pissed herself. I'd feel like a bitch if I didn't do the same.” She lifted her skirt out the way and gave us all a view of her thong.

“Nice ass.” Shaun said, slapping her ass. “9/10 would bang”

“Why not 10?” Erica replied, slightly annoyed

“You did scream in my ear.” Shaun replied quickly. As he said that a stream started to drop down from in between Erica's legs and a large grin graced her face. It dropped down into the dirt below her and soaked into the sand. I watched with my mouth open and I started ge-and so did the others. Eventually she finished up and we started walking again. We eventually reached town and found a gas station. As we were about to walk in, a truck pulled up along side us. A fat man with sunglasses and a trucker hat leaned out of the drivers seat.

“You kids okay?” The trucker asked. He was driving a tow truck.

“Yeah Fine. Why do you ask?” Erica said, defensively.

“Well one of y'alls got a gash on your head and one of you'se is limping.” He answered, wiping sweat off his brow.

“Our car flipped” Shaun replied. The warm weather irritating him.

“I 'spose I could errr.... help you kids out. Show me where your car is. I'll flip it back over and tow it to town” The trucker said. “Al do it for $20. you guys lookin' like your day couldn't get any worse”

Shaun agreed and hopped into the truck with Erica. We agreed to meet back at the gas station in an hour.

Me and Shaun got into the truck. For a truck driver it was surprisingly clean, But it was a lot smaller than I thought it would be. Maybe the engine was bigger or something, I don't know. My underwear was getting uncomfortable in between my legs. I should of just taken them off and pissed in front of everyone. I can at least sleep a little while I'm back here.

Everything went to plan. A couple of them kids got into the cab with Bubba and now I'm just waiting in the back of the cab. behind the fake wall we put up. I'm gonna wait 'till the guys outside helpin' Bubba with his car then I'll grab the girl and he can get the guy. I'm gonna enjoy gettin' this girl. She gave me a serious headache with her punchin' on me while I was grabbing her boyfriend. Ah well. Looks like were here. It's show time.

“Creepy story. But you pissed yourself on purpose, why?” Kim questioned.

Jessica went bright red and stuttered “W-well I...errr”

“Hey what happened to Shaun and Erica?” Cassie interrupted

“I presume they went down to his cousin's. I think he moved down there. Haven't seen him since then. They just ditched me and Linda there. Ass holes” Jessica replied, gracious that Cassie had interrupted.

“Well Kim. It's your turn.” Robin said, giving Kim a wide smile.

“Okay. But if you laugh at me for this, I swear to god.....”

Fun fact: Picking up hitch hikers will always be a horrible idea.

Please comment. For every comment, some hot girl out there wets herself.

*005*2013-07-31 00:13

{{:

Wait... what? Now I'm more curious about why those two are still alive... I'm assuming these assholes are a rape/murder gang that preys upon travellers but how'd their victims escape???

}}

Oh they dead. Jessica's just a moron.

See, She thought they just ditched her and never bothered to hang with her again when in actual fact they're just dead. At no point does she confirm their alive, she just speculates.

