Urinal Adventure

Author: TopCat31

*000*2023-08-04 20:36

Emma and Grace are walking round the park, they were up early as Emma couldn't sleep. It was 6am on a Saturday, there are very few people about, almost all walking dogs.

The park was about 30mins from their flat, their usual route took them and 40mins entering the park in one corner, circling it and exiting by the toilets.

As they neared the toilets Grace bobbed up and down with a desperate hushed tone says "Em, I gotta go" tugging down her hoodie in a little show. Emma giggled at her friend "Actually I could go too". Grace now abit nervous, looks around "could we go in the boys and try the urinals?"

Emma sniggered "oh, yes, I've always wanted to try one again" joining Grace's hushed tone. Grace looked surprised "Again!" Emma just blushed. Trying to behave normally but very cautiously they made their way round to the boys door. Grace whispered she'd check it was clear and went in.

It wasn't the first time Grace had been the boys toilets but it always surprised her how gross they were, and how on earth had the locks been broken on the stall doors. She poked her head back out the door and signalled Emma to join her.

Emma entered and was also hit by the smell and state of the toilets. It didn't deter either of them though, Emma loved using urinals and was excited to try facing it. Grace on the other hand was glad of the mess, she had something very naughty in mind and was also very excited.

There were three to choose from, Emma took the closest one to the door that was the most concealed behind the little privacy wall. Grace took the one next to her. Giggling to each other about what they were about to do. Emma positioned herself facing the wall looking at Grace said "ima gonna try forward" with a giggle.

Grace sniggered as she watched Emma pull down her jogging bottoms, revealing her frilly red and yellow full cut knickers. She always found Emma's choice of underwear very cute and had a detailed knowledge of them since they moved in together. A smile grew across her face as Emma pulled them down exposing her round pale bum, which Grace was equally familiar with.

Emma stood with her bottoms and knicker around her ankles, lifting her hoody and top clear. Grace now pulled her jogging bottoms down revealing she wasn't wearing any underwear and positioned herself bent forward with her bum practically in the urinal. Emma said "forget knickers this morning?". Grace chuckled "no just didn't fancy any yet".

Grace looked up and Emma enquiring "you going yet?" Emma shuffled forward and raised on her tippie toes to get a better angle, a splatter noise started and Emma replied "yeah, you?" letting out a sigh. With the sound of Emma peeing, Grace let loose and a forceful spray hit the urinal behind her. Both girls giggling trying to keep quiet but loving the sight of each other.

The splashing eased and Emma lowered back onto her feet, very pleased with herself. Her stream had entirely found its mark and not a drop on her or her clothes. Although pulling up her knickers a few small wet spots appeared, there wasn't any paper to wipe with anyway.

Emma was now fully clothed watching Grace, who was still bent over in the urinal. "You can't still be going" she said half laughing. Grace smiled, she had indeed stopped but as if invited pushed out a deep rumbling fart. Emma's eyes almost popped "you're not!" Grace pulled an evil smile "been turtle heading all round the park"

Grace let out a soft grunt and felt big lump of poo slide out between her cheeks. It fell into the urinal with a gentle thud, Grace let out a big sigh of relief "crikey, that's better". Emma replied "can't believe you just did that!" Grace laughed standing up "you jealous?" Emma smiled "a little, and a little turned on".

Grace stood up exposing herself to Emma with a wink and pulled up her bottoms. Let's clean up in the shower at home and have breakfast. Emma blushed slightly "ahh the shower, you ever gone in the shower?" Grace laughed took Emma's arm and they started to head home.

