A Very 2020 Vacation - Page 2

Author: TrailRunner

*027*2022-04-25 16:20

Back again with another interlude. I couldn't get this idea out of my head but it felt tricky to turn it into a full chapter. I've got one idea for a bigger Chapter 3 but right now that's all it is, an idea. In the meantime I do hope you enjoy this shorter story -- let me know!

***

Zoe blinked her eyes open and felt it right away. Her bladder was once again howling for relief, stretched out inside of her and starting to pulse with pressure. She really needed to pee. She nodded her head. Good.

The plan popped into Zoe's head the last time she'd woken up with the urge, which was 4:45 that morning. As she sat on the toilet and peed vigorously into the porcelain, she decided it was time to take action. There was the accident Sunday afternoon and the two close calls Sunday evening and night.

She wanted to believe that would be the end of it, but then yesterday they'd returned from a walk on the beach and she opened the door for her mother who, well... it sure seemed to Zoe that her mom desperately needed to pee as she stumbled her way into the house and made a beeline for the bathroom. Or maybe, Zoe thought, it was another trick of her brain.

Whatever the truth was, Zoe felt in the moment that her mom had been stuck there, writhing in frantic agony with a bladder ready to burst, seconds from losing control. And in turn that made Zoe herself feel like she had to pee. It was like her body was hypervigilant since her accident and the sight of a toilet, or the sound of running water, or the presence of someone else needing to go could all set off the alarm. So while her mom raced to the bathroom downstairs Zoe skipped her way up and used the other toilet.

The rest of the day was routine until the unwanted wakeup call broke her sleep. She couldn't remember the last time she'd needed to actually get out of bed in the middle of the night to pee. On the rare occasion she woke up she could get herself back to sleep until the morning. But not this time.

So the plan took form and by the time she got back in bed she was certain: she was going to pee in the ocean today.

Holding it an extra class period instead of asking for a hall pass. Doubling back to the bathroom to pee alone. Trudging up the sand instead of just going through her swim suit.

These were parts of her life that did not even register as mild annoyances. So she was pee-shy, so what? She'd heard of some girls who would never use public toilets, or were grossed out by porta-potties. Those didn't bug her too much so long as she had her privacy. For Zoe it wasn't onerous or bothersome, it was just how things were.

But today she felt like her bladder needed a reminder: you work for me, not the other way around. So she decided she wouldn't use the bathroom before they set up on the beach and she'd be generous with the water and seltzer once they were there.

Falling asleep hadn't been part of the plan, but the white noise of the waves and the salty air lulled her into a slumber. She'd felt a slight twinge when she laid down on the blanket after lunch but it'd grown to a turbulent strain now, the weighty force of her full bladder thrashing about. She hadn't planned on needing to go quite this urgently, but at least now there was no excuse.

She sat up, knees bent and angled together, and slipped her pale pink floral cover up off one shoulder, then the other. She pulled the fabric of her burgundy one-piece away from her skin and adjusted her breasts in the cups.

Back in the winter at the apex of her race training with her friend Ally, she'd bought her first bikini in years. But after a few months of being cooped up inside with her mom's bagels and pastries and special treats it was back to last summer's outfits for this trip. This suit was flattering enough, at least, cut low along her chest and proportioned well for her wide hips and curvy butt.

Her stomach fluttered as she stood up and steadied herself, rocking a bit while her bladder ached for comfort. If this was going to happen, it needed to happen now. She laid her towel out in the sun for when she returned and looked at her family. Perfect. Her dad had his headphones in. Her mom was reading. Her brother was looking at his phone. Her sister was asleep. Just me. She took two steps toward the water.

"I'll come too," she heard, and looked back to see her sister pushing onto her feet. I guess Paige wasn't asleep after all. Zoe wasn't thrilled about the company but it'd be easy enough to swim away and have her own space. And besides, with her thighs tight as a vice to hold back her pee, it's not like she could wait much longer.

The two of them stepped to the water's edge and waded in. The initial sensation of the cool water on Zoe's ankles sent a jolt of energy up her legs and nearly caused a rush of pee to slip out. Zoe froze for a second and bent over to steady herself. Luckily Paige hadn't noticed, so once Zoe felt safe from any sort of tiny accident she walked in deeper to catch up. You work for me, she told her bladder.

Her bladder fought back. By the time she got knee deep the sensation was searing, as if the dam were bursting right here and now. This isn't how it was supposed to go, Zoe thought in a panic. She clumsily dove (read: fell) forward into the water. She kept waiting for the inevitable feeling of the torrent of pee, but it stayed locked inside.

Paige looked back after hearing the splash. "Are you okay?" she called.

"I'm, yeah, I'm fine," Zoe called back. She wanted to pee, she NEEDED to pee, but this wasn;t how she pictured in. "I just, ah, slipped." She pushed off the sandy bottom and paddled her way out into the deeper water, intentionally angling away from her sister.

Her bladder raged, close to the breaking point and ready to contract. Zoe stopped, drew in a deep breath, and spread her legs out to float on the surface. She relaxed as she exhaled, grateful that her plan had come together -- with a few hiccups -- and she could release all that pent-up pee.

Nothing came. She felt the stinging of her desperate bladder and longed to let it all go but some invisible force inside her held it back, not about to ruin years and years of conditioning just like that. Zoe closed her eyes, transporting her mind to a quiet bathroom, free to pee in peace. It felt like it was surging through her body in every direction except out. She HAD to pee. Really badly. She WANTED to pee. Really badly. But it stubbornly remained sealed up.

She flipped over in the water, treading to stay afloat. Relaxation hadn't worked so she turned to make sure Paige couldn't see and pushed as hard as she could, scrunching her face in concentration. Her bladder felt like it was going to burst through her chest but still not a drip of pee came out.

It danced on the very tip of her urethra, desperately begging for relief while her pee-shy body held on tight. It was torture. She tried to relax again. Nothing. She furrowed her brow and tried to push it out again. Nothing.

She didn't process the splashing behind her until Paige was just a few feet away. Zoe reset her face as her pussy clammed up. She hadn't been able to release it in solitude, there was no way it was going to happen with her sister looking on. But her need to pee taunted her relentlessly, ravaging her pee hole with wave after wave of pleading torment. Her mind flashed back to the last time she'd peed with her sister so close: two days ago, right into her leggings.

"Will you help me do my hair for my birthday tomorrow?" her sister asked.

Zoe looked back, determined not to reveal her predicament. "How come?" Zoe asked. "It's not like we can go anywhere." She felt a burning between her legs, a dire warning. This was supposed to be about her taking control but her bladder was calling the shots, twitching and contracting and making Zoe squirm her legs under the water.

"I know..." Paige said, a little hurt by her sister's brusque response. "Well, not inside anyway. But mom and dad said we can go a restaurant if we can sit outside, and there's some other outside stuff we can do..."

"Yeah," Zoe said. She could tell her sister seemed a bit hurt. Zoe didn't have any issues with doing her sister's hair. Actually, it sounded fun to do something like that for the first time in months. But in the moment she was in anguish and that sensation had shown through. She tried to brighten up. "Of course I'll do your hair. How do you wantitdone?"

Zoe's throat tightened and she rushed the end of her question as felt the stinging stop and a torrent of pee explode out of her poor tired pee hole. She opened her lips, about to moan in relief, before catching herself. She could feel the water around her thighs and butt grow warm as she peed with such force it felt like it could propel her up and out of the water. Her attempt to clamp down was easily overrun by the gushing stream of hot pee. There was no slow trickle before the dam burst this time. For the second time she was helplessly, completely peeing herself in front of Paige.

The difference this time was that her sister had no idea. It was all coming out well beneath the surface and simply becoming part of the ocean. Paige was replying about how she wanted her hair. But Zoe's instincts kicked in and she shyly turned away. She was peeing in the ocean, sure, that was the plan, but the idea hadn't been to do it by accident with her sister looking on. The relief from her swollen bladder was sweet, though, and she sighed to herself. It was sensory overload and she wasn't actually hearing anything Paige was saying. Finally she ducked her head under the water, the only escape she could think up. All the while she peed forcefully through her suit.

When it finally slowed to a dribble she rose back up, exhaling her held breath. Paige looked at her with a raised eyebrow. "You okay?"

"I'm fine," Zoe fibbed. "I felt something, uh, brush my foot."

Paige studied her sister for another moment. "Weird," she finally said. "Anyway, I was thinking of, like, braids but with some pulled through. I have some pics I can show you and..."

Paige continued on while Zoe's pee stream stopped. Deep down, she felt defeated once again by her bladder, like it'd gotten word of her plan and cooked up a counter. Deep down, the fact that it stayed secret and had already been washed away by the water was only a small comfort. Deep down, she knew she'd had a pee accident. Again.

***

I hope you enjoyed it - I always love to read all comments and suggestions so fire away below! -TR

*031*2022-04-26 01:15

{{8 hours ago, knockonthedoor said:

Wow! I'm always impressed by your work, and this was no exception! So happy I follow this thread!

I like the expansion of Zoe and Paige's relationship here, and what I like best, is that they seem like mature sisters. The angle that I think some may take, is that they could be bratty, or annoying to each other, but instead, they're expressive. You can really feel the trust between them and I think it makes the characters that much more enjoyable to read about.

Also, I think the handling of Zoe's anxiety around her bladder is not only subtle, but may be your best work yet. It's very real, as someone who nearly devolved hypochondria after getting COIVD, to see someone react to an embarrassing moment that way is very realistic, and not overdone.

The fact that she had another accident, but the fact that it was hidden, was also a really unique take on traditional omo stories.

This is quickly becoming my favorite series!

}}

Thanks! Keeping it grounded in some sense of realism is definitely important to me. I'm glad you haven't found the characters to be too one-dimensional, I do think that's a weak point in my writing. My idea for the next chapter would feature more interaction between the characters but I haven't fully committed to that yet.

{{7 hours ago, MiraOMO said:

Still absolutely loving this!

I feel the shorter chapter breaks things up nicely...can't wait for the next instalment.

}}

Thank you :) I do sort of like the rhythm of a long chapter, then an interlude, then a long chapter, etc. As @WiiGuy86 says below, a neverending string of huge accidents doesn't fit well into a series -- when I read a series like that I find myself wishing they were separate one-shots instead.

{{3 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Totally agree with this, I feel like I could read a novel in this universe. I think a big challenge of long form omo stories is that after the first major incident, it often feels a bit tired to have the same character just get in to the same dilemma again and again and again.

The way you have created an evolving cast of deep characters with complex and realistic dynamics between them is excellent. It keeps the reader interested in how the character may react differently based on their recent experience. You can really feel the effects of Zoe's initial accident weighing on all of her interactions. Absolutely the best story of this type I've read in a very long time and I can't wait to see where it goes! Thank you for this excellent addition

}}

And thanks to you as well. I agree 100% and this is the first series I've written where I feel like I can keep it somewhat fresh.

Would you all have any interest if I continued this series outside the whole "vacation" conceit? Obviously there's only so much that can happen in a week's time. Continuing on would open some other doors, but I don't want it to just turn into "now she's desperate in a mall! now she's desperate in a movie theater! now she's desperate in a [spins wheel] restaurant!"

*035*2022-05-05 16:03

Here is the next chapter... or interlude... it's sort of longer like a chapter but more lightly edited like an interlude. Let's just call it the next installment. Fair warning, it is an omorashi-themed sex scene so if that's not your thing now's the time to back out. It's admittedly not my usual thing either but I wanted to step outside my comfort zone and take a swing at it. Let me know what you think!

***

While her daughter was out in the ocean dealing with a secret accident, Erin sat reclined in a beach chair underneath the umbrella. This was bliss of the sort she'd not felt in months. Running a small business while supervising remote schooling for three teenagers during a pandemic was no picnic. Her husband Kevin worked as an accountant and his busy season would normally end in April, but with tax deadlines extended and clients more anxious and demanding than ever, he was putting in long weeks right up until they'd left.

A spy thriller novel was open on her lap but she hadn't read a word in twenty minutes. Her body was pleasantly warm from the air while the umbrella shielded her from the harsh noon sunlight. She took a long sip of her cold seltzer and let the chill tickle her throat down through her esophagus and into her stomach, where it would quickly warm up and be processed.

In the back of her mind she was sorting through the particulars of Paige's birthday tomorrow. There'd be a cake to bake, decorations to hang, and other preparations to make it special. But those were the fun sorts of challenges, not the dreadful concerns that had taken over these last few months.

In the front of her mind was the obvious result of that seltzer, and the one she'd had before: her filling bladder. And, of course, the underwear she'd stained yesterday morning when she hadn't quite been able to hold it all in. She wasn't anywhere close to that sort of urgency now, but her pelvic muscles were engaged and could feel the organ expanding inside.

Sitting in her floral patterned one-piece, it'd be easy enough to join Zoe and Paige in the water and pee it all out, but then she'd be in the sun, and then she'd have to towel off... no, she decided, I'm just gonna stay right here.

Her frantic dash to the bathroom while in the midst of soaking her panties wasn't a fond memory, but it also wasn't revolting. Now a day removed from the accident and not at immediate risk of completely flooding her pants and making a puddle on the hallway floor in front of Zoe she could take a holistic view.

Was it embarrassing? Yeah, sure. She'd drank too much coffee and started wetting herself 20 feet from the bathroom. That wasn't great. But she'd also pushed three kids out of her body and if her pelvic muscles weren't a stone cold vice grip anymore, well, that's just life, right?

Her real focus was on the frenzied drive home and the frantic wait on the porch. In the moment she'd felt distressed, nervous but as she thought about it now... her ears burned as her bladder sent up another signal. She couldn't quite pinpoint the feeling. She'd certainly never robbed a bank or swam with sharks but those were the scenes that flashed in her mind. It was a lot more exhilarating than her spy thriller, that was for sure.

She thought about her old friend Amber and a bitterly cold November night in college. It was their housemate Shannon's 21st birthday, the last of the group to hit the milestone. They celebrated first at their house, counting down the hours and minutes until midnight when they could all get into a bar together.

Nobody in the house was a huge partier. Erin could have a good time but she was The Responsible One, the only one with a boyfriend. Amber was more social, and the combination of her friend's birthday and a successful physics exam that afternoon had her feeling extra festive.

Erin already needed to pee by the time they got to the bar, and Amber was at least two drinks ahead of her. They celebrated with a round of shots, then another, then Erin switched to sipping slowly on a Long Island iced tea. Her urge to go was getting pretty bad, enough to make her consider queuing up for the icky college bar bathrooms or, better yet, call it a night and head back to the house. She put her coat on and started to say goodbye.

Amber was having none of that. "It's Shannon's BIRTHDAY!" she squealed. "Oh! What about Olde Queens?" she asked, referencing another bar. Within two minutes she'd convinced the whole group to come along and they stepped outside.

"All right, I'll come," Erin said. "But I need to pee first."

"Me too," Shannon said. Some others agreed. "We'll find somewhere on the way," one said.

They walked down a block and a half before Erin felt another strong pang in her bladder. She stopped and glanced down the alley. She might be the boring, responsible one but she wasn't a prude.

"I seriously have to pee," she told the group. "I'm just gonna go here, make sure nobody comes down."

The birthday girl followed her and, confident they were deep enough in the shadows, pulled down their pants and squatted down. The cold air gave Erin goosebumps on her bare butt and thighs and instantaneously she released her hold, gushing out a steamy torrent of pee against the frigid asphalt.

She sighed pleasantly as she emptied herself, free from the aching pulses. Her stream outlasted Shannon's by a good twenty seconds before it tapered off. She pulled up her pants and felt her underwear absorb the last of the droplets while she walked back.

Some of the other girls were going to wait until they got to the next bar to go, but Amber was noticeably more desperate, bouncing around on her toes. It clearly wasn't just the cold weather, or the inebriation. The girl had to PEE.

"You want me to look out while you go?" Erin asked.

"No," Amber replied, several decibels louder than necessary. "I'm gonna hold it!"

Erin gave her a quizzical look.

"What?!" Amber exclaimed. "It feels GOOD!" She looked around, like she was expecting backup. "Tell her, Shannon! Doesn't it feel good?"

Shannon looked back at Amber, straightfaced at first before snorting with laughter. "What are you talking about?"

"It feels GOOD!" she repeated. "Haven't you ever..." Amber looked around, and even in her drunken state realized she'd perhaps overshared a bit. "Whatever!" she exclaimed while the rest of the group laughed.

Back on the beach, Erin smiled. Maybe all these years later she finally understood what Amber was saying. She could detect just the faintest tingling sensation underneath the pressure of her filling bladder. She looked over at Kevin and raised her eyebrows, then looked back up the beach at their rental house.

Kevin took the headphones out of his ears and looked back at the house too, then at Erin. He shrugged and gave her a look: maybe. He subtly pointed at their son Chase, lying on a beach blanket and looking at his phone. Erin shot a look back: he'll stay here. She nodded at Kevin. He nodded back and stood up.

"Hey, Chase, mom and I are gonna go up to the house and, ah, get some stuff for dinner ready. You good to hang here?"

"Yeah," Chase said, not even looking up from his phone.

"Let your sisters know when they come up from the water, okay? And... stay out here as long as you guys want!"

Erin rose from her beach chair and felt the weight of her bladder push down. She definitely needed to pee... and she was definitely getting turned on. It wasn't a direct cause-and-effect, but it helped. The prospect of having a house to themselves for the first time in months was exciting enough on its own.

Kevin cupped her hand with his while they walked on the boardwalk over the dunes back to their house. Erin entered the door code -- it was 8218, now permanently burned in her memory -- and the couple went inside. For the last four months all they'd known was organized chaos, a full house of remote work and school and not a moment's peace. But right now there was only the dim white noise of the air conditioning.

Erin gave a look toward the bathroom off the hallway. She remembered one other piece of drunken wisdom from Amber that night, inelegantly dispensed as she was anxiously dancing around in the line for the bathroom at the second bar.

"If I think a guy is gonna be a bad fuck then I don't pee before," she told Erin. "It makes it better for me at least."

"What, like if you have to go this bad?"

Amber paused for a minute and looked down. She was bent slightly at the waist and the knees, with one fist balled up and pushing on her upper thighs.

"No," she conceded. "Not this bad."

Erin walked past the bathroom in the rental house and started upstairs. She had to go but she wasn't squirming-around desperate. She also didn't expect the sex to be bad at all, but the idea of holding it was intriguing. Maybe Amber was right and she'd been missing out all this time.

"You coming?" she was halfway up the stairs but Kevin was still in the kitchen. He picked up a cutting board.

"What? I thought we were prepping stuff for dinner," he said, feigning innocence.

Erin slipped one shoulder strap off, then the other. Her bathing suit stayed up on her body and she made sure Kevin was watching as she made a big show about starting to peel it off. "Guess I'll have all the fun myself, then," she teased, taking two more steps up.

Kevin dropped the act and followed behind, catching up near the top of the stairs and taking a moment to appreciate being eye level with Erin's butt, held perfectly by the fabric of her swimsuit.

They reached the top and Erin took three steps toward the bedroom before Kevin threw his arms around her from behind. Erin felt him pressing directly on his bladder and it sent a lightning bolt of pressure down to her pee hole that she had to clench extra hard to keep closed.

"Need a hand?" he asked, and pulled down the front of her suit to free Erin's tits. He cupped them in his hands and brought himself against her. She could feel his dick get hard under his bathing suit shorts and press against her.

Their bodies had changed in the 20-something years since they'd met but their passion for each other's never wavered. Kevin was a hair over 6 feet tall and lean. When they met in the middle of their freshman year he was thin, a bit scrawny. Erin thought it was cute. He put on some muscle in college and his early 20s. Erin thought that was cute. But as his family and work responsibilities grew he fell out of that habit, down to running a couple times a week if he could and playing beer league softball. Still perfect, Erin thought.

Feeling his bulge against her started to really get Erin going. Any college girl can make any horny college boy hard in an instant. But this? She'd birthed three kids, her hips had widened, her stomach got softer, her skin less pure... The fact her figure in a swimsuit after all that still turned him on this much was the sort of passion that Erin treasured more than anything they'd done in college.

He kissed the back of her neck while they moved forward, stepping as one into the bedroom. Kevin spun her around and planted his lips on hers while he caressed her back. He pulled away and took a step toward the en-suite bathroom.

"I can't fucking wait to be inside you," he whispered. "Just need one minute..." he tailed off and went into the bathroom to take care of his own need to pee.

Erin pulled her suit down the rest of the way and stepped out before falling onto the bed. The cool sheet she covered up with soothed her warm skin. Feeling the weight of her bladder even as she was lying down, a seed of doubt planted in her mind. Am I sure this is okay? I'm not going to, like, pee on the sheets once we start, right?

She reached a hand down to stroke her pussy, already wet with excitement. Maybe a little test run, she thought, and delicately slid a finger in. It was intense, but she felt good about her hold. Her nerves under tension from her full bladder hummed with pleasure so she slid it back out and entered again with two fingers. Fuck that feels good. She moaned.

"Guess you've got this handled," Kevin said, pretending to turn away.

"Get in here and fuck me."

Say no more. He pulled down his shorts to reveal his engorged cock, stiff enough that it was practically pointing at the ceiling. He threw back the sheet and laid on his side next to Erin, still on her back. He between her legs and swirled his fingers around her lips, surprised by how wet she already was. Skipping the foreplay was fine by him.

"You want me?" He kissed her neck.

"I need you." She palmed his dick and gave it a long, slow stroke, then another.

Kevin rolled and climbed on all fours on top of Erin. "You're so fucking sexy..." he looked down to admire her body and could see her nipples harden. "This is all I wanted all day."

"You weren't this hard this morning," he teased him, still rubbing his shaft. They'd cuddled for a few minutes after waking up and he had his morning wood, but this was next level.

"That was before I saw you on the beach looking so perfect."

Erin released him and reached up to put both hands on his back and pull him down toward her. The weight of his body pressed against her bladder and made her stifle a gasp as it tried to send a sizzle of pee out. Her ears grew hot with the same nervous tension as yesterday. She had to pee for real. All her nerves were vibrating with intense pleasure.

She reached for his dick again and pulled it just inside her. Erin moaned as he slowly thrust it forward, filling her up. Her full bladder was pushing everything else around and it all felt tighter and more acute. His tip brushed along her g-spot as he pulled back out and she moaned loudly when he thrust it back in.

He left it there for a few seconds, deep inside her. She dug her nails into his back. "Ohh fuck!" she cried out with her eyes closed, silenced by his lips on hers.

Her heart rate sped up as they went at it. She couldn't completely give in to the gratification because she had to keep a hold on the ocean of pee inside her, but the focus only heightened the incredible sensation. Her bladder was thumping as they fucked, increasingly in need of relief.

Kevin pushed back up off her onto his hands, giving her a moment of reprieve from the weight. Erin bit her lip in the ecstasy of the amazing feeling. The walls of her pussy throbbed with delight each time he thrust his cock in and out. The tight seal she was determined to keep on her urethra was practically setting it ablaze. She was used to how it felt inside, and used to her clit becoming engorged. All of that was happening now but the feeling of unbridled pleasure swept over the entire area.

Erin opened her eyes to see an expression of satisfaction on his face as he continued to move in and out, hastening and slowing the rhythm perfectly. Her clit was fluttering, ready for stimulation. Kevin put his weight back on her and once more her bladder yelped for relief. Erin braced herself and made sure it all stayed inside, jostling her pussy in the most insanely incredible way.

She was ready to cum, ready to climax around his penetrating cock. Her clit felt so sensitive, so engorged, so ready that she knew it wasn't going to take much. She reached down for it and just as her fingertip met it and sent a small shiver in all directions, it was pulled away.

"Nuh-uh," Kevin told her with a sly smile. "Not yet you sexy little slut!" He gripped her wrist tightly and pinned it down next to her ear. Then he did the same with her other hand. Holy fuck holy fuck holy FUCK. She loved it when he got just a little rough and dirty like that. The kind of thing he wouldn't do or say when they knew the kids were in the house.

"OhhhHHHHH!" Erin moaned, her voice turning to a squeak by the end. The move made her torso stretch out and made it that much harder to hold back her pee. Her urethra was shuddering, fighting the battle best it could. Her clit was pulsating, begging for her touch.

"You're gonna be a good girl and take it," Kevin barked out as he ran his cock in deep once again.

Erin's face flushed and grew hot with passion. She tried to push her hands up but he kept them pressed tightly against the mattress.

"Oh yeah! Fuck me! Give me your dick! Ohhhh fffffuck!"

A huge contraction hit her bladder and she had to give it everything she had to keep all that hot pee pent up. She panicked for just a second that she was going to lose control and start soaking the sheets. Their safeword popped up in her head. She'd never once used it before but there's a first time for everything, right?

An overwhelming throb of pleasure overtook her to shake it from her mind. It felt way too fucking good to stop. She clenched her muscles as hard as she could to keep the seal. His rigid cock continued to penetrate her, hitting every wall inside her like it belonged nowhere else. His breathing got quicker as Erin ran her hands down his back.

"Ohhhh yes!" She moaned. "Cum inside me!"

Kevin released his hold on Erin's hands and she shoved it straight down to her clit, blissfully stroking it in a small circular motion.

This was it. Her bladder felt like it was ready to explode with all that sizzling pee. She tightened her hold one final time, ready for the sweet burst of intense pleasure from her rising climax. She felt his cock flex and pulsate against her and then the warm rush of his load exploding inside her pussy.

She gave her clit one final flick and felt the burst of euphoria as her nerves seized in sync. The inner walls of her pussy vibrated and the orgasm rippled through her body from there, passing the usual boundaries. Erin felt it down to her knees which shivered and up to her bladder which shook with equal parts delight and desperation.

As Kevin was pulling out Erin's urethra sizzled, a strong rush of pee pushing to the very edge. Breathless from the thrill, her hold slipped for just a second and a forceful torrent of pee shot out, splashing her partner's softening dick and splattering onto the sheet below.

"Holy shit, Erin! Did you just..." Kevin looked down in astonishment. "I mean it was intense for me too but I don't think you've ever done that before!"

It was true. They'd done some heavy lovemaking over the years but Erin wasn't sure she'd ever climaxed so acutely. She'd certainly never squirted like that. She was speechless. As her skin stopped buzzing and the fog cleared from her head, she felt the ringing urge of the rest of the pee in her swollen bladder.

Erin sat up as Kevin climbed off, both careful to position around the darkened circle on the bedding. She wanted to flop back down, ensconce herself in the sheets and revel in the afterglow. But her bladder beckoned and she knew she'd better take care of it. She rolled herself off the bed onto her feet. Before she could start walking to the bathroom, Kevin grabbed her hand.

"You," he told her, still catching his breath. "Are fucking amazing."

***

I have one more big chapter planned. It's likely going to take me a long time to write and even longer to edit and mold it precisely how I'd like it. So there will be a bit of a break but in the meantime I love reading your comments and interacting with you! So let me know what you thought below. -TR

*038*2022-05-20 19:05

Sorry to bump this with a non update but a few have asked. I've started and stopped writing twice which probably means the idea I have isn't going to work. So I'm back to the drawing board and it's going to be a little while before I have something.

Thanks as always for following along.

