Weekend at the Grandparents - rewrite

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2019-09-22 16:36

Finally it's there; the promised rewrite of a story I started when the Mayan calendar was still going strong. Some things changed a bit, some things stayed the same, some things are completely different. I figured repetition of some stuff isn't that bad since the first chapter was written 7 years ago in exactly one month so it won't be fresh in anyone's memory and newer people probably missed it anyway. One of the major changes is that I finished it. I won't be posting everything at once though, endless walls of text don't really work imo. Especially when it's about a third of an average book but it's actually all just a fetish story.

So let's just start with chapter one.

Friday part I – Trip Down Memory Lane

“Time to wake up!” Julie’s mother shouted. “We’ll leave in an hour!”

Slowly, Julie awoke. After about a minute of her brain starting up slowly, she remembered what was going to happen; they would spend a long weekend at her grandparents, more than 300km away. She always liked going there when she was younger. Julie’s grandparents live on a big farm with all kinds of animals, and there was a forest nearby. No one lives near so they have all the space to do what they want. It had been years since they had been there, and another few since the last time they spent more than a few hours while passing by. Childhood memories of playing with the goats and making hideouts in the corn field, before they were forbidden from doing that, flooded her mind until her bladder signalled it was time to get up.

As Julie got out of bed and walked down the hall, she saw her mother hugging Kathy empathetically over something not uncommon; her blue pajamas were completely soaked. She had wet her bed again. Julie never gave her a hard time about this. After all, she too used to have the same problem even if it was never as bad as with her sister. She hadn’t peed herself awake or asleep for over a year now and even though that wasn’t something a nineteen year old should be proud of, it really felt like an achievement after the fear of never growing out of it after becoming an adult.

It gave her the confidence to finally go to university after the summer and take residence there. In contrast, Kathy never seemed that bothered by it and their mom even bought cake two months ago when she hadn’t wet the bed for a week at seventeen, even though she did pee her pants that very same day. That’s the kind of level Julie was at when she was 12. Still, she knew Kathy couldn’t do much about it, and her getting used to it was for the better now that she turned eighteen and never even came close to repeating that dry week since.

She walked past the scene to relieve her own bladder on the toilet, after which she took a shower. Once back in her room she got out of her own pink pyjamas and panties, and put on her clean clothes she selected yesterday. She wore red panties and bra, a pair of blue jeans with a few fake rips, a white loose shirt and grey all stars. Her figure was skinny and on the short side, but slightly taller than her sister. She had wavy red hair that went down to about 10cm below her shoulders. Originally, it was black, inherited from her dad, whereas her sister had her mother’s almost straight blonde hair.

At breakfast she drank some fresh orange juice and a large mug of coffee and ate a bowl of cereal, just like her dad. She had started drinking coffee last year, and was already hooked on it. A few moments later they were joined by her mom and sister. Kathy wore a pleaded black skirt and a black and white striped top. Kathy quickly downed some juice and quickly ate some cereal; cleaning the sheets had taken up a lot of time, and it was time to leave. They loaded the trunk and they were ready to go. Parents in the front, Julie and Kathy in the back seat, like all traditional family road trips. With the planned stop halfway, the journey would take about 4 hours, so the girls had something with them to pass the time; Kathy had a handheld console and Julie read a book, just to have something more than a phone to look at for hours.

After about an hour, Julie totally immersed in the story and was completely unaware of her surroundings, but a sudden brake got her out of her trance. It was nothing serious and she continued reading, but now she became aware of something; she felt a twinge in her bladder. The liquids from breakfast and the bottle of water she had mindlessly finished while reading were filling it up and now that she was aware of her urge, she felt the need to cross her legs.

She continued reading, but her need for a bathroom stayed in the back of her head constantly and she was unable to fully concentrate. She tried to forget about it and get back into the world the words in front of her were describing, but after 15 minutes the pressure had increased noticeably and she had to put one of her hands between her legs to release some of the pressure. This made it even harder to read, and after another 10 minutes she could not concentrate on her book at all and just put it away. She was getting desperate now and needed relief soon. Normally she would be at school or at home around this time and such a breakfast never was a problem, but now she could not choose when to go to the toilet. Julie was not used to this at all.

“How long till the first stop?” she asked, trying to sound casual.

“A little more than half an hour” her mom responded.

“More than half an hour, could I make that?” she thought, fidgeting. She had to. She could not ask for an earlier stop; it would be too embarrassing, especially now they were so close to the planned stop. It wasn’t her way anymore.

“Ehm, could we stop a bit earlier?” Julie heard from her left. Maybe she was saved; Kathy had put her console away and clearly needed the toilet too, judging from the hand that went under her skirt.

“We’re almost there honey, just a little more patience” her mother said.

“But I really need to pee!” Kathy said.

“You can make it another 30 minutes, didn’t you use the bathroom before we left?”

“…No, I forgot” Kathy answered, hanging her head.

“Well, then you’ll just have to hold it,” her father said sternly from behind the wheel. He was never too keen on the frequent stops they used to make on road trips, and now that both had gotten older they tried to keep it to planned stops.

Julie sighed. If they are not going to stop for her sister, they were definitely not going to stop for her. She put her book away, put both hands between her legs and looked out of the window. When she glanced back at Kathy, she saw her sister was constantly moving her legs, had pushed her skirt up and was massaging herself through her panties. This did no good on Julie’s bladder; she suddenly felt a strong twinge and had to hold herself through her jeans. She tried to keep it inconspicuous though, and while trying to not draw attention to herself a spurt made it through her urethra. She felt it moisten her panties, but she was in control again even though it was getting worse by the minute. Her bladder started to ache, and she now had to constantly clench her muscles as tight as she could. She cursed at herself mentally for not noticing she had to go, because after a first leak she knew she needed a bathroom soon.

“Oh my god, I can’t wet myself! I need to make it!” Julie thought. She started to doubt herself.

“Mom, how long?” Kathy asked.

“Just 20 minutes dear”

“20?!” Kathy said, disappointedly. She now put her second hand between her legs too after hiking her skirt up completely, and Julie quickly looked away. In addition to it feeling a bit rude to look at how Kathy was exposing her white panties and almost what was underneath by the constant squirming in the seat and squeezing of her hands, she felt like she couldn’t look at it for much longer without losing control. But she wasn’t like Kathy. She wouldn’t act like that anymore. It shouldn’t be necessary.

She started to rationalize. “Maybe, if Kathy has an accident before I lose control, they will stop earlier” she thought. “I only need to hold on until she pees!”

It really looked like it might happen any moment, but thinking of her possible relief seemed to increase Julie’s need even more. Or maybe it was just time progressing. She clenched her muscles even tighter than before and pushed her hands against the crotch of her jeans as hard as she could, but she could not prevent another small trickle from escaping. She closed the hole off again, but pressure never stopped building and another trickle made it past. And another. She clenched the hole shut again but it suddenly started hurting like hell, and still a slow but constant trickle made it through and her hands felt the crotch of her jeans getting warm; it had gone through her panties! She let out a small squeal as she realized this was it; her streak was ending.

“Do you need to pee too?” Kathy asked while leaning over, quietly enough that the parents didn’t hear.

“Yeah, it’s… urgent” Julie answered, red-headed. Every time she managed to stop the trickle it turned to spurts and every time she tried to stop the spurts they turned into a trickle. Slowly, warmth spread to her butt and back of her legs and tears started to well up. She looked out of the window, not ready yet to admit defeat. She uncrossed her legs and put her hands on her crotch to shield the wetness from Kathy.

Suddenly, they were cut off by a reckless driver, changing lanes. Julie’s dad hit the brakes abruptly to avoid a collision, with success.

“Are you alright back there?” He asked.

“Yes, I’m alright” Kathy answered right away.

“I…’m OK” Julie said, less convincing. She wasn’t OK though. Even the hands that reflexively jammed into her crotch couldn’t do anything about it anymore; her pee was violently pushed out of her, through her panties, through her jeans and over her hands before she moved them away. She looked down in defeat at the glistening wetness spreading in her crotch and the puddle forming between her legs. She lost all control, and could now clearly hear her stream hissing and hitting the crotch of her jeans.

“Jack, stop the car!” their mom said. “Kathy’s having an accident!”

“But I only peed a little bit!” Kathy replied indignantly.

“I hear you going, Kathy, I thought you were past lying about it.”

“That’s not me! It’s Julie!”

“Come on Kathy, I need to know that I can trust you to tell the truth when you’re having an accident,” their mother said.

“Just look!” Kathy now practically screamed, hunched over with her panties still exposed, removing one hand from her crotch to point at Julie.

She just sat there, red-faced and tears rolling down her cheeks, adding to the wetness on her jeans that now reached all around her butt and to her knees, flowing over the front of her seat and falling into the puddle on the floor between her feet as well as running down her legs into her socks and shoes. Now, with most of it out of her, she could finally stop the flow but the lake between her legs was still soaking into the seat below and flowing over the edge and loudly hitting the floor.

“Oh Julie… What happened? Why didn’t you say something?” her mom said, but she couldn’t answer. She just started sobbing, and as the water level decreased to below the edge of the seat it became the loudest sound in the car.

“I’m so sorry Julie, are you alright? Let’s pull over here and clean this up” Julie’s mom said. “We can also clean it 10 minutes from now” said her dad, lowering his window.

“Do you want everyone at the gas station to see that your nineteen year old daughter peed herself? And we can’t just let her sit in her own urine like this, we’re pulling over here.”

“Please pull over, I’m starting to go too!” Kathy added. Reluctantly, he gave in to the majority.

As soon as they stood still, Kathy jumped out, pulled her skirt back down and ran around the car towards the bushes, but she suddenly stopped a few meters from the car and parted her legs. Julie only saw the back of her sister, but her pose gave away the feeling of relief she felt when a few seconds later, a thick stream of pee with a few smaller ones dancing around it suddenly came falling down from under her skirt. She could see the sigh of relief Kathy gave before she looked down at her accident, pulling up the front of her skirt to look at it. She always did this if she was wearing a skirt or dress, and when she was a kid nobody ever cared about it. But she kept on doing it as she got older, and it had gotten too awkward to say anything about it.

Getting out of the car and getting out of her dripping wet clothes was like a haze for Julie. The sight of her soaked jeans, socks, shoes and panties, the small light red spot on the front of them betraying the wetness on the rest of the fabric, on the asphalt got cemented in her memories as a moment out of time. Her smiling sister just let her panties fall to the ground next to them, got a clean pair out of the trunk and got back into the car while Julie realized that even her shirt had gotten wet and was soon only wearing a bra, shielded from view by her mother holding up a huge towel.

She put on a white summer dress with flowers woven into the fabric all around the hem. She didn’t want to put on anything else until she had a shower. She tried to dry the floor and seat as well as she could with some towels, but in the end she just had to resort to sitting in the still sopping wet seat with her dress hiked up. Kathy’s seat just had a tiny wet spot in comparison, one she could easily avoid by sitting a bit awkwardly. She noticed the small wet patches on her white socks from the few trickles that went down her legs, but it wasn’t enough to mention.

At the next gas station, they shortened their planned stop so they wouldn’t be later than planned.

Sitting in the cold, wet seat with her naked butt definitely didn’t feel very good, and looking out of the window trying to get her mind off of it didn’t really work. She couldn’t say she had been dry for over a year anymore. She had to be so careful all the time to achieve it and maybe had gotten a bit arrogant about her holding capabilities, as one moment of not being 100% careful had ruined it all. Only when her sadness made way for emptiness her eyes had a chance to dry up.

*005*2019-09-22 21:00

I guess that's enough comments in between chapters to not make it be a wall

Friday part II – Something in the Air

After another 2-hour drive Julie, Kathy and their parents arrived at their grandparents, who had made sure all crucial work was done before the weekend. Their mother got the bag filled with wet clothes and towels in her hand and greeted the waiting grandparents as she walked over to the house.

“Hey, nice to see you again! It’s been way too long. Ehm, could I just use the washing machine? The girls did not make it to the bathroom break.”

Julie blushed hearing this. She was still extremely embarrassed about her accident, and it was obvious to anyone that she had been crying. Still barefooted and not wearing any panties beneath her dress, she quickly walked past her grandparents, avoiding eye contact, to take a shower. She was too shy to say anything. Kathy wasn’t embarrassed at all, and told her grandmother proudly how she outlasted Julie.

When Julie got back, her stuff was already in the sisters’ shared bedroom. They both had a one-person bed for weekends like this, both protected with plastic sheets. She got a pair of light blue knickers and white flip-flops out of her bag and joined her family for lunch. As she went down the stairs, she heard Kathy again pointing out that she had only needed to change her panties in contrast to Julie. Her mom told Kathy to shush just before Julie entered the dining room. After the awkward silence that followed, lunch was filled with small talk. After lunch Julie still felt too sad to join the rest, and as her mother was getting the laundry to dry she went out to make a long walk through the woods, as she liked to do when she wanted to be alone.

After about an hour of walking through the woods, Julie noticed her bladder was filling up again from the orange juice and soda she drank during lunch. She decided to walk on, as it was not that bad just yet. Her mind began wandering and she slowly walked ahead. About an hour later Julie realized she should get back, or her family would get worried. She regretted the decision to walk this far; the woods next to the farm were extremely big, and by now it would take at least one hour to get back to the house even if she hurried back. Meanwhile, her bladder was starting to fill up to its maximum surprisingly quickly, so she turned around and started to walk faster. Even though these woods were deserted except for her grandparents and their guests, she was terrified if someone would find her relieving herself. She would if she had to, but she really wanted to return to the farm if she could avoid that.

After 15 minutes of walking as fast as she could without running, Julie had to slow her pace. The combination of her full bladder and the thought of not having a toilet within a few miles radius made her need to pee bigger and bigger, and walking that fast made it even worse.

“Maybe it’s because I stopped peeing in the car as soon as I could,” she thought. Every time Julie had to pee in a difficult situation, she could not take her mind off it. This time was no different, and the constant thought of relieving herself made it so that, 10 minutes after slowing her pace, Julie was holding herself through her dress. She had to keep her legs as close to each other as possible, slowing her pace even further. Taking mini steps, it took her another 10 minutes to arrive at her grandfathers’ corn field, which was next to Julie’s path through the woods. At this time of year, the corn stood about 30 centimeters over her head. Because of this she couldn’t actually see the farm, but she thought she had to be nearby. The mere thought of the farm being in sight increased her need further. Julie had to stop for a moment to hold back a wave of desperation with some ease.

She debated it for a moment, but now she was sure she could not make it back if she did not take a shortcut through the corn. She was forbidden to go there, because 8 years ago she, Kathy and some cousins had cleared a few meters of that very field to make a fort from the fallen branches in the woods. While harvesting, her grandfather did not notice the fort and some of the thicker branches got stuck in one of his machines which then broke down. She had no choice now, however, if she wanted to reach the toilet, and she was pretty sure she was not going to make a fort. Besides, she didn’t think her grandparents would care about her walking through it anymore. It’s been years since they even mentioned the prohibition.

After 10 minutes of walking slowly through the field, careful not to lose control, a gust of wind brought some sort of a strange sweet smell that distracted her for a moment, but almost as soon as she got distracted she felt another big wave of desperation hit. It came out of nowhere and she was taken by surprise; a big spurt escaped, and she felt her panties getting warm and wet against her privates before she felt a little wetness on the hand she still had between her legs.

She had to regain composure, and when she was sure she was in control again, Julie carefully removed her hand to check the damage; there was a small see-through spot on the white dress that was stuck between her hand and panties. She crossed her legs and lifted her dress to check the damage underneath; a small dark blue patch was visible where her otherwise light blue panties disappeared between her legs. Watching the wetness from her small leak had only made matters worse, and dribbles kept escaping her bladder as she realized she had just done her sister’s weird signature move. “This is it” she thought as a few drops made their way down her legs, “I have to pee here or I’m not going to make it.”

Julie quickly squatted while pulling her panties down and hiking her dress up in one go, a move that was pure muscle memory by now. Finally, she could relax her bladder, and relief washed over her as she heard her hissing start, this time not obstructed by her clothes. Just as her stream reached full speed however, Julie heard a sound of someone walking through the field. She panicked; her pee was already loudly hitting the ground but she managed to stop it for a few seconds.

She listened carefully; she now clearly heard someone running through the corn. As no one should be there, Julie immediately thought the worst; if some creepy guy would find her there, there would be no one to help her. As her flow had stopped, she pulled her panties back up, got up and let her dress fall down. She put a hyperfocus on her hearing, disregarding some of her other senses. She looked around, and to her relief she heard a familiar voice humming; Kathy’s. Of course. She’s never encountered anyone around here that wasn’t family.

“Kath!” Julie yelled. “Jule!” Kathy yelled back from about 20 meters away, “Mom was worried about you, so I went to search for you.”

Now, with her mind at ease, however, Julie noticed the slow warm dribble on her right leg going down to her foot. She quickly bent over again and put her legs together to stop it, but it was no use; the seal was broken. The dribble increased to a constant stream, expanding the wetness in her panties to the front. After she looked down, Julie quickly stood up straight and hiked up her dress when she saw some pee was going through the front of it. Immediately she started peeing as hard as she’s ever done straight through her panties and down to the puddle that was quickly seeping into the dry ground. With Kathy nearby, and her panties a lost cause, her main focus now was making sure she didn’t hear anything so she quickly put her feet together, making the pee flow all around her legs and over her flip flops, just making a faint trickling sound as it flowed into the ground. The hissing was still pretty loud, but probably not loud enough to hear from a distance.

“Where are you?” Kathy asked, now a lot nearer to Julie. “I’ll come right over!” Julie yelled to Kathy, hoping she would stay where she was and not notice her big sister wetting herself for the second time today. Luckily it worked; Kathy did not seem to come any nearer. As the last of her stream died down, Julie carefully stepped out of the soil that had become slightly muddy. She was ashamed of her accident; it could have been prevented, she would not have had to pull her panties back up. If her sister had only arrived a minute later, if she had only just decided to relieve herself before it started coming out… She barely managed to hold back her tears, but she really had to this time. She could hide this one like she used to.

She had to take care of the front of her dress though. The fabric was thin so it should dry quickly, but not quick enough to face Kathy. She wrung it out, with a few drops falling down. It revealed the dark blue crotch of her panties to her, that she now could faintly see the contours of her privates through. She quickly put her dress down to shield the view, but the still damp parts of that were also slightly see through. She realized she couldn’t make it any better at this moment and decided to start walking over to Kathy, hoping to hide it at least as long as they were in the corn field so it got some extra time to dry. As she did, she felt the back of her panties uncomfortably clinging to her butt with every step, a feeling that was almost nostalgic if she didn’t absolutely hate what caused it.

Walking back to the farm, Julie purposefully lagged behind Kathy a bit, always making sure there was just enough corn between Kathy’s eyesight and her dress. Before emerging from the immense corn field, Julie gave it a little squeeze and a look and concluded that her dress had dried up nicely; it was not see through anymore and there was only a very faint yellow glow left, probably only noticeable if you were looking for it. Apparently she was well-hydrated, she had seen much worse.

As they got out of the field, Kathy ran over to her parents and grandparents, who were relaxing in the yard, to tell them she had found her sister. Julie took this chance to sneak inside and get a change of clothes; she hid her dress and panties in her bag and changed into a pair of blue jeans and a black shirt with black matching underwear after wiping herself with a towel and spraying some perfume. The only way to explain a change of clothes was anticipating on the weather getting colder towards the evening, she thought, even though it was still hot outside.

Just as Julie was putting her shirt on, Kathy came in. She just walked over to her stuff, let her panties fall on the floor and put on a new pair of white panties. Julie noticed her sister’s pink panties were soaked.

“Had an accident again?” Julie asked.

“Yeah, I really had to go when I was searching for you and it just started coming out. Only my panties got wet though, so I figured I could just keep them on, but mom said I should change them. Why are you changing?”

“Well, it will start getting colder in a while, so I thought I would change in something a little bit warmer” Julie said.

“Hmm.” Kathy answered.

The rest of the day the girls just chilled, played with some farm animals and Julie made sure to use the bathroom in a timely manner. At eleven they went to bed. It was still pretty hot, so Julie only wore her panties, and she wasn’t sure but Kathy seemed to have done the same.

After 10 minutes of lying in bed, Kathy suddenly said “I’ve found your clothes, you know.” Julie was suddenly wide awake.

“So?” she said startled, hoping in vain Kathy wasn’t talking about what she thought she was talking about.

“You wet yourself again, and you tried to hide it” Kathy said.

“Don’t tell anyone!” Julie said sternly.

“Why wouldn’t I?” said Kathy.

“I won’t tell if you have an accident and try to hide it” Julie said.

“I don’t care about that” Kathy said. “I never had a so-called ‘streak’ to protect and I don’t care about hiding.”

“That was real! I never peed myself for over a year!”

“Yeah, sure, and then you just happened to pee yourself two times in 3 hours, uh-huh,” Kathy said sarcastically.

“It’s true!” Julie said, her voice cracking, “I just made a mistake this morning and then in the field I don’t know why it happened but it was super embarrassing! Please, today in the car was bad enough, don’t tell anyone.”

“I might be persuaded to shut up,” Kathy said.

“Ehm, what do you want?” said Julie, insecure of what she could offer Kathy.

“I don’t know… I get one favor, one thing you will do for me, no questions asked?”

“I’m not gonna be your slave,” Julie said, her voice still betraying that she was on the verge of tears.

“Moooooooom…” Kathy said on a childish tone, not loud enough for anyone else to hear.

“Aaargh… fine, but nothing too bad!”

“Was that so hard?” Kathy added with a sneer.

“Goodnight Kathy”, Julie answered.

The events of the day took Julie back to how she felt when she started high school, when on her second day after P.E. she had to run to the bathroom, but there were 2 girls in front of her. She begged to go first, but the other girls were desperate too. She managed to hold on until it was her turn, but when she went inside she was pushed aside by another girl who ran inside instead of her. Leaning against the wall she landed on she lose control. Her panties and shorts got warmer and warmer and in no-time a stream was flowing down her legs, and all the girls in her class were laughing at her as she let herself slide down to the ground and felt the warmth spreading from her crotch all around her butt. Suddenly Julie woke up, alarmed by the clear hissing sound.

Her bladder was achingly full and she immediately felt her panties: the crotch was clearly wet, but she wasn’t peeing anymore, and it didn’t seem to have reached the sheets. The hissing that woke her up came from the other side of the room; Kathy was pissing full speed, and it hitting the plastic mattress cover made a ton of noise.

Julie almost resumed peeing from the sound; she shot up and got out of bed. A spurt escaped as she started to run towards the bathroom. Pee was dribbling down her legs as she opened the door, and when she closed the door the floodgates opened. The contents of her bladder exploded into her panties, so she ran into the bathroom, past the shower and reached the toilet bowl. First she had to lower the seat with pee gushing through her panties with no remorse. She set herself down on the toilet as fast as she could, peeing into it as hard as she ever did straight through her panties. As her flow started to slow down after 20 seconds, her pee trickled down to her butt, soaking the back of her panties a little extra.

After she finished her pee, she noticed the trail she left behind; from the bathroom door to the toilet her trail changed from a trail to a puddle just in front of the toilet. She cleaned the floor with the towel she had already used the day before, washed it out and hung it to dry. All the while, her legs were still slippery from pee and her panties were still dripping wet, every once in a while sending a drop of pee down her when a step squeezed them.

She was happy her panties were black; except for the drops of pee they released with every step, they were not visibly wet. Julie decided to take a short shower to wash the pee out, with panties still on. She tried to dry her panties as well as possible before crawling back in bed, wringing them out before stepping back into them. Coming back out of the bathroom, she noticed there was a trail of pee on the carpet in the hall too; she just hoped no one would notice before it dried and went back to bed in her cold, wet panties. The room smelled strongly of urine, from Kathy who had completely wet the bed and had apparently not even woken up. Walking past Kathy’s bed Julie even stepped in a large wet patch in the carpet; Kathy’s bed had overflowed and the floor was now soaked too. Julie tried to fall asleep in her wet panties, but didn’t manage until hours later; she saw the glow of early summer morning sunlight before she closed her eyes.

Kathy woke up not long afterwards. Of course, she alerted her mother and, only one hour after she fell asleep, Julie was awoken by the changing of her sister’s bed. Her panties were still a bit damp, as were the sheets where she laid, but nothing too noticeable. She could get away with this, but was very embarrassed now; today, she had to carefully plan her bathroom visits. She had wet herself twice during the day and last night she almost wet her bed, and maybe she would have if Kathy hadn’t. Yesterday she was still looking forward to starting her life as a student and not having to hide a bedwetting problem. Now she wasn’t so sure anymore.

*010*2019-09-23 06:42

Saturday part I – It’s Wet by the Lake

Julie waited in her bed until her mother was done changing Kathy’s bed. She tried to play it as cool as possible, acting like she still needed to shower after Kathy was done. No one noticed the droplets she had left behind on the carpet, overshadowed by how bad her sister’s accident was. After her shower, she balled up her black, dried up panties with her dress and panties from the day before and got her white bikini, which really brought out her hair, out of her suitcase to wear under her short jean shorts and white tank top that ended just above where her shorts started. After breakfast, the girls would go over to the nearby lake. She wore the same flip-flops as the day before.

Kathy was already at breakfast together with the rest of the family, now wearing a loose plain white skirt and a pink shirt. Both girls had cereal and some orange juice, and Julie had her coffee like every day. After they finished, the girls went over to the lake with a 2 liter bottle of water (you gotta stay hydrated) while the older generations had plans of their own.

As soon as they were out of the house, Kathy started walking strangely, as if she needed to pee. As Julie thought this was impossible so short after her bedwetting, she thought nothing of it. After a few minutes, however, Kathy stopped, did a small pee dance, and walked on.

“Kathy, do you need to pee again?” Julie asked. “Obviously,” she answered.

2 minutes of walking intermittent with pee dances and Julie having to stop and wait for it, Julie told her sister to walk faster. Kathy put on her thinking face for a moment, holding herself through her skirt, before answering.

“Fine, I’ll do it here,” she said as she lifted the front of her skirt and her face turned to bliss for one moment before quickly opening her eyes and looking down at her own crotch intently. Julie looked on in shock as a small trickle down both Kathy’s legs and some drips falling on the ground between quickly formed a waterfall between her legs, most of it making its way down her legs and over her sandals. Julie snapped out of her shock when she felt it splattering against her own legs, and quickly got out of the way.

“What are you doing? Why are you peeing yourself?” Julie screamed, freaked out.

Still peeing forcefully through her bikini, Kathy answered: “You said I should walk faster. I can’t without peeing first,” she said.

“But it’s going all over your legs and sandals!” Julie screamed, just a little less loudly this time. “I’ll just wash them in the lake and leave ‘em out to dry,” Kathy said matter-of-factly.

Julie could not believe her sister. Just peeing yourself like that, while you can still make it to the lake and pee in there. When Kathy finished, they continued the walk silently. Once there, Kathy walked into the lake to submerge her sandals, walked back and put them out in the sun to dry.

After they laid down the towels, they stripped down to their bikinis, Kathy revealing her soaked pink bikini bottom before laying down on her towel.

“Kathy, what the fuck? Go soak the pee out of your bikini first!”

“Fine,” Kathy said, sighing. She reluctantly got up and this time fully submerged into the water for a few minutes before coming back and laying down next to Julie, who was absolutely freaked out by her sister right now but decided not to mention it anymore. She put on some sun screen and picked up her book, drank some water and quickly forgot about it as she got submerged in the story again. Her lack of sleep started acting up though, and after only ten minutes she dozed off.

An hour later, Julie was dreaming. This time about that time the nearest bathroom at school was locked in her final year but instead of having an accident, this time she made it to the next bathroom which was… also locked. She kept on going and going, until she decided to try the boys’ bathroom, which was open. As she entered a stall, however, there only was a urinal in there, just like the urinals against the opposite wall, as turned out to be the case in every stall. At the last stall she checked, she decided this was too strange a scenario for real life and must be dreaming, and as soon as she did she felt her crotch and butt get wet and woke up. Immediately she felt her bikini, just like she did last night, but this time she felt her pee gushing through the fabric already and, immediately afterwards, became aware of the wetness already surrounding her body.

“What’s up?” Kathy asked while turning around to lie on her left side as Julie sat up in panic.

“Gotta pee” was all she could hastily answer. She got up and started to run to the water, but realized it was no use even trying. She stopped after 3 steps and just let her bladder empty, letting it all flow down her legs, over her feet and into the sand. It was done within seconds, and she walked into the lake without facing Kathy to get a chance to swallow back her tears.

Coming back out of the water, she saw Kathy having a huge grin on her face. She looked over at her towel and saw the result; the wet spot was huge, almost covering the whole towel. She had emptied almost her entire bladder while sleeping. She felt herself get red in the face again and avoided eye contact with the smirking Kathy while picking up her dripping wet towel to reveal the wet sand below.

“You’re gonna owe me so many favors if you go on like this,” Kathy said. She couldn’t hide her joy if she tried. “How are you not wetting your bed anymore if it happens after sleeping for like, an hour at the beach?”

“I… I was dreaming and… just tired… I don’t know okay!” Julie said, her voice cracking again, the swallowed back tears coming back. “And you wet yourself on the way here!”

“I don’t mind, I could tell mom myself when I tell her about this,” Kathy said confidently.

“Please! Don’t tell anyone! God, why is this happening,” Julie cried out.

“I don’t know… I have two things on you, and you have nothing on me… Hmmm… what to do, what to do…”

“PLEASE, okay, fine, whatever you say, twice,” Julie said, “and can we please share your towel?”

“You’re asking me for favors now? And I don’t know if I wanna take you in, you don’t even seem housebroken…” Kathy said, taunting her sister.

“Aaargh, you’re the one that’s practically incontinent, you get a party if you didn’t wet your bed in a week you hypocrite,” Julie said.

“At least I can tell people about that without crying,” Kathy said sticking out her tongue and making room by lying right at the edge of her towel.

“Easy for you to say, I didn’t cry about it when it was happening all the time,” Julie said lying down facing away from her sister on the other edge, trying and failing to stop tears from forming.

“Wow, you’re really taking this hard, aren’t you?” Kathy said. Julie sniffed and wiped away a tear.

“What gave it away?” she said, sarcastically.

“Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone… as long as you do exactly as I say,” Kathy said, skirting the line between sounding comforting and teasing her sister.

“You’re so generous,” Julie said. She had calmed down a little bit, and started thinking a little bit clearer, resulting in a realization.

“But what would mom say if I told her that you pee yourself on purpose?” Julie bit back while turning to face her sister with all the confidence she could muster. She wanted to see her face.

“I… I didn’t… It wasn’t on purpose! I had to go!” Kathy said, trying to put up a flimsy defense.

“You literally said ‘fine, I’ll do it here’,” Julie said, delighted at getting one back at Kathy.

“But I wasn’t gonna make it anyway! It’s not like there’s a bathroom here anyway. It’s fine to just let go early if you know you’re gonna have an accident!” Kathy tried.

“No it isn’t and I don’t think you were, you just didn’t feel like holding it!” Julie said, grinning.

“Okay so you actually like holding it?” Kathy asked, grasping at straws. Julie could hear the nervousness in Kathy’s voice.

“It’s better than peeing your pants every week, sure,” Julie answered smugly. She got her. Kathy didn’t know what to say back.

“Seems like we both got something we don’t want to tell the rest,” Julie said. “I guess you could tell mom about my accident and see what happens…”

“Okay okay okay I won’t,” Kathy said. “God, you’re annoying. But you still owe me a favor.”

“And why is that?” Julie asked.

“I peed myself on purpose once. You had two accidents you wanna hide. It’s basic math,” Kathy said.

“Is that how that works?” Julie said, amused at the nonsense Kathy was spouting.

“Yeah, if you tell anyone about me peeing myself on purpose I will tell them about how you peed all over your dress and panties yesterday. I’ll still have your accident from just now to spare.”

“Yeah, because having a little accident totally weighs up to being such a freak you pretend to have an accident,” Julie said, “You fucking weirdo.”

“Ugh. Literally WHO cares about peeing through a bikini,” Kathy said, “everybody does it!”

“In the water, maybe,” Julie said.

She was weirded out by her sister’s actions and defense of them, but more pressing on her mind right now was her worry about her own, very real, accidents of this morning. Sure, she still hadn’t wet her bed in over a year, but that was only in the most literal sense. She’d have to remember to not drink too much tonight.

During lunch, their mother noticed Julie had been crying and Kathy had quickly come up with a lie about bumping her little toe really hard. It put Julie in a position having to ensure that it was just fine now and definitely not broken or hurting too much for her plans that afternoon, but she still appreciated Kathy’s quick solution. Both girls drank a lot of juice; Julie was absolutely parched, and the sisters had finished the water bottle they had taken to the lake well before getting back. “If I drink enough during the day I might be able to drink nothing after eight,” Julie rationalized. Afterwards, Julie went upstairs and saw the clothes she wore at the start of the trip clean and neatly folded on her bed. To be sure, she checked her bag to find a dress and two pairs of panties still there. She couldn’t smell much on them, but to be sure she wrapped them in a plastic bag. She had to find a longer term solution for them.

She changed her bikini for a matching set of yellow bra and panties, got some socks and went downstairs again where she put on normal shoes. The plans that afternoon were her first driving lessons before Julie started the real deal, since driving would be a practical skill to have in a new city after the summer, and a head start couldn’t hurt.

*013*2019-09-23 10:21

{{1 hour ago, Tristansagustm said:

I’m so happy this story continues, even after a brief hiatus .

}}

"brief"

Anyway, after the shortest chapter of the bunch, here's a longer one that changed drastically.

Saturday part II – Give me a brake

Getting into the car, Julie was surprised by the clean smell. Instinctively, she looked over at the scene of her accident yesterday and found absolutely no proof.

“Your grandfather knew a guy in the town 10 minutes over,” her father, the instructor, said after noticing the glance. “It’s quicker and cheaper than in the city.”

First, her father showed her the basics; how to set the mirrors and the chair to a comfortable driving position, what every button and stick was for, how to shift gears, and soon Julie was behind the wheel on her grandparents’ farm. It took several tries before she managed to get the car going past stationary without it stalling, but they were finally rolling.

Julie’s dad noticed her hands were shaky. “Don’t be nervous, I’m here to help if something goes wrong” her father said. “Well, easy for him to say, I’m the one controlling the car,” Julie thought. As soon as the car started moving, Julie’s palms were sweating heavily. When she hit 20km/h it became too much for her: she got scared of an oncoming wall and stamped on the brakes with both feet and the car came to an instant stop. “I’m sorry, I saw that wall and didn’t know what to do.”

“Doesn’t matter, try again. Go slowly and you can easily steer past the wall. If you don’t manage, I’ll pull the steering wheel so don’t be scared; I won’t let you wreck the car.” her father said with a smile. “And if you want to stop, try braking with one foot, it will be less abrupt.”

This time, Julie did not brake. She steered slowly past the wall and accelerated; this time she sped up to 30km/h before it became too much; she put one foot on the brakes now, but still a bit too fast. The car yanked to a halt, and Julie got pushed into her seatbelt. The pressure on her abdomen reminded her of that morning; she hadn’t gone to the toilet since her accident by the lake, and she had drank a lot of water there and juice at lunch; her bladder was slowly but steadily getting full.

“Alright, let’s try the road. Doesn’t matter if you’re slow; just let others pass. There isn’t that much traffic around here anyway” her father said after a while. “Uhm, ok…” Julie said doubtful. She wasn’t sure she was ready for this. She was too nervous to tell her father about already needing the bathroom, too. It was still manageable.

Once on the road she found out it was not much different from the farm; it was still hard. After a while, Julie was getting used to driving 50km/h, except for turns, where she could be overtaken by a crawling toddler. At one point, she was even overtaken by a clearly short-sighted elderly woman going way below the speed limit. Her need for a bathroom was steadily increasing, but Julie was only concentrating on the road.

After driving for forty minutes, there was an oncoming car speeding towards Julie. A few hundred meters before passing Julie and her father, it overtook another car, getting back in the right lane well on time, but Julie panicked anyway. She steered the car to the side of the road and hit the brakes a little too fast; the lower part of the seatbelt buried itself into her lower abdomen and squeezed her bladder. As the car came to a halt, Julie saw the other car getting out of the way long before there could have been a collision.

Suddenly she felt herself getting a bit warmer between her legs and she realized her situation: her bladder had gotten rather full by now and because of the seatbelt a little bit of pee had spurted out of her. She buried both her hands into her crotch as fast as possible, to make sure she stayed in control. She felt her warm, damp panties squeezing against her private parts but apparently nothing had gotten through to the outside of her shorts, as her hands stayed dry. She was shook by how little was needed for her to dribble right now, and realized she shouldn’t take any risks by trying to hold it for too long. She felt her bladder while pulling the seatbelt out of it, and it was extended way further than she realized or had felt. Her father didn’t notice her predicament. “Well, that wasn’t necessary,” he said.

“Dad… I need to go,” Julie said.

“Obviously, we’re standing still in the middle of the road,” he said, still oblivious.

“Noooo, I need to *go* go,” Julie reiterated, putting a hand between her legs for emphasis.

“What? Didn’t you go during lunch?” He asked.

“I… I didn’t really have to go back then so I forgot,” Julie said, realizing how stupid of a mistake that was in hindsight.

“…alright, just drive on as planned then, we’ll hit the town in a few minutes and we’ll find a place there,” her father said. After a couple more stalls, they were on their way.

Maybe it was just her getting used to driving, maybe it was the dampness between her legs reminding her about how she couldn’t trust her bladder anymore, but suddenly she was comfortable driving 80km/h, the allowed maximum. She did so while shifting around in her seat and pressing her legs together against her crotch, trying to prevent her hands from reflexively let go of the steering wheel and into her crotch. It caused her to swerve out of her lane a few times.

“Careful!” her dad said. “I get that you want to be there quickly but we have to get there safely first!”

Julie tried to put all her focus on the road, but couldn’t direct all of it away from holding it in if she wanted to prevent a disaster. Luckily, soon enough the tiny town of Mingo was there and they stopped in front of a small diner. Julie quickly loosened her seatbelt, opened the door and got out of the car as soon as it came to a halt, her father putting on the handbrake for her, but then she felt her bladder contract. She doubled over next to the car, and jumping around with her hands crushing her privates could just hold the flood inside her body. She walked inside like this, holding herself, but it wasn’t of much help.

“Please, I really need to go, I can get some from the car afterwards,” Julie pleaded with the girl behind the counter.

“I’m sorry, for paying customers only,” she said. “You can pay for the cheapest drink and go.”

“Please please please, it’s an emergency!” Julie tried one last time. The waitress just shook her head and turned around, returning to her work. Without warning, a bit of pee spurted out of her and spread around her privates. Almost immediately she felt it on her hands. In shock, Julie looked down at the crotch of her jean shorts and lifted her hands from them for a fraction of a second before resolutely putting them back; a small but unmistakable darker spot had formed on them, already visible from the front. She felt in control though, and had no choice but to head back.

“What a scam,” Julie’s dad said. “Get in, we’ll find a better place.” Pleading through the window of the passenger seat was as useful as pleading with the waitress, and Julie quickly walked around and got back in, carefully hiding the fact that she had already started having an accident, first by hand, then by lifting her right leg hoping it would block his line of sight. She started the car and it took off quickly…

…only to come to an immediate halt, just like it had done in the beginning. “The handbrake,” her father said coolly. Meanwhile, Julie tried to keep her cool as she felt more warm liquid in her crotch, spreading to her butt. The leak was contained again, but she tried to keep down her tears as she realized she was probably past hiding this now that she felt the soaked fabric of her panties and shorts cling to the lower part of her butt cheeks. Even if nothing had gotten on the seat yet, her father would definitely see the back of her shorts.

“Can you take it off?” she asked painfully. He did so, and this time she accidentally took off with screeching tires in her haste. She knew the only other possible place was the restaurant two blocks down, and wanted to get there quickly.

“Whoa, easy,” her father said, wildly gesturing. “I’m sorry,” Julie responded, settling at a normal speed. The jolt made her feel another spurt escape though, and as soon as Julie noticed she put a hand in her crotch while only keeping one on the wheel. Once there, she felt hot liquid flowing through the saturated fabric covering her crotch and quickly spreading to the back of her butt while her bladder muscles relaxed; this was more than the spurt she thought it was. She tried to contain it, but only managed to stem the flow at the cost of unbearable pain to the sphincter responsible for holding back a tidal wave. She stopped the car way too abruptly again, in the middle of the road, and the stemmed flow resumed to its full potential.

“OUT! OUT! GET OUT!” her father screamed, finally privy to what was unfolding next to him, alerted by the loud hissing emanating from his daughter. Julie looked around through the quickly forming tears in her eyes in terror.

“But there’s people…”

“OUT OF THE CAR NOW, YOUNG LADY!”

Julie opened the door and got her seatbelt loose in one motion and jumped outside, now more afraid of her father’s voice than onlookers, but as she stood outside in the middle of this small town, pee cascading from her already soaked jean shorts and forming a continuous waterfall between both of her bare legs straight into her socks, shoes, and the puddle on the otherwise dry road below her, heads started to turn. Turned heads lead to more turned heads, and soon enough everyone out on the streets was looking at Julie having an accident. She turned away from their eyes in shame and squatted down besides the door, where here eyes made contact with the most furious ones of all, her dad’s.

“You did it again! Twice in two days! You’re gonna pay for it yourself this time, and you’re gonna be the one to explain why Kenneth is cleaning the same car for the same reason twice in one day,” he tiraded, as the steady stream falling from the lowest end of her hanging butt straight into the puddle slowed down to a trickle.

“Even your sister has never managed to do this!” her father added to it, as the trickle went down to drips. Julie was loudly sobbing now, feeling helpless. Realizing that a crowd had gathered behind her, huddled together where they could see her in full, she screamed with a cracking voice before getting back into the car. “STOP LOOKING AT ME!!!”

Inside the car, her dad was silent as she sobbed uncontrollably. She laid her head down in defeat on the wheel, accidentally activating the horn, which somehow resulted in cheers from the crowd outside.

“Just go,” her father said noticeably calmer now. “It’s the first to the left.”

Julie could barely see the road through her teary eyes, but there barely ever is any traffic in this town anyway. She got there just fine.

“Now on the left, here,” her father said before she turned into a garage where a mechanic was hunched in the back seat of the car. Looking up, he recognized Julie’s father and the car.

“Complaints?” he asked.

“Ask her,” Julie’s father answered.

As the man walked over, he glanced at the back seat and nodded satisfactorily.

“Kenneth,” he said, holding out his hand through the open window next to Julie.

“…Julie…” she replied timidly, looking down and avoiding eye contact.

“What’s the problem, Madam Julie?” He asked.

“I… I… couldn’t…,” Julie swallowed some tears, “I tried to make it, but…”

She got cut off by her own sob.

“Ah, I see, not a problem at all, get out and let Kenneth fix it, sweetie,” the man said. “It’ll be done in less than half an hour with the right equipment.”

Sitting down on a plastic chair she got assigned near the back of the hall, while her dad talked to Kenneth, Julie lamented her bladder control silently. No ifs and buts – her streak was definitely gone now, and she’d have to work and be careful to regain at least some of it before she went off to live in a corridor with housemates. She was already trying to come up with plans how to hide accidents from them. While thinking, she saw a girl, that could be anywhere from 18 to 25, walking past the opposite wall several times, and her constant glancing at her caught her attention. When they made clear eye contact for the third time, she came over and sat down on the chair next to her with her legs crossed. She was wearing a loose summer dress and had blond hair that was longer and even more wavy than Julie’s. She pretty clearly glanced at the soaked shorts Julie was still wearing several times. The girl’s legs were bouncing up and down.

“Hey, I’m Lisa,” she said. “You’re not from around here, are you?”

“Julie… no, my mom grew up here,” she answered.

“You can always tell, you city girls always look like it’s the end of the world when this happens,” Lisa said.

“Umm, doesn’t seem like this would happen that often,” Julie said, taken aback.

“More often than you’d think,” Lisa said, “but it isn’t worth crying over so dry those tears missy. I do it all the time.”

“What, you pee in cars?” Julie asked bewildered.

“No you dork, well sometimes I do, but I mean peeing my panties in general,” Lisa said. “In fact, I was just on my way to the restroom when I saw you come in but I figured it wouldn’t be right to let you be so upset in your wet clothes all by yourself, so I came over when I started to dribble.”

“What do you mean?” Julie asked.

“Do I need to spell it out for you? Let’s just say it won’t be long now, my panties are soaked already,” Lisa said.

“WHAT?” Julie exclaimed, “You’re just… just… peeing yourself on purpose right now?”

“Of course not honey, I’m trying to keep it in but I’m right at my limit so it keeps coming,” she said. “The dam is probably gonna break really soon now.”

“But you could’ve just gone to a toilet!” Julie proclaimed.

“Okay when you say it like that it might seem… whoops, there it is, I knew it!” Lisa said as she looked down smiling halfway through her sentence. She uncrossed her legs as a loud hissing filled the hall, followed by an even louder splattering of Lisa’s clear urine on the concrete below the chairs. Julie watched in shock and didn’t even notice how tiny drops flew back upwards from the quickly forming puddle onto her legs.

“See? You don’t need to cry about something as harmless as this,” Lisa said, “it’ll go down to the drain over there, my panties will dry and everything will be fine again if I’m careful what I sit on for an hour or so. Of course if I’m wearing pants or shorts like you’re doing it’s more of an issue…”

A loud vacuum-cleaner like sound suddenly filled the hall.

“Right on queue! Come with me!” Lisa said, as she took Julie, mouth still agape, by the hand. As she walked behind the weird girl, she looked down the back of Lisa’s body and saw that streams of pee were still flowing over her feet and falling down from under her dress, and that the back of her summer dress had clearly gotten soaked while sitting. Walking also made some drops still squeeze out of her shorts and roll down her own legs. Before she knew it, Lisa had led her to the car where Kenneth was just finishing up and powered down the big device he had placed on the driver’s seat. Julie’s father was sitting in a waiting area further down towards the entrance.

“Can you get the girl a plastic bag for her pants and something to sit on for the way back?” Kenneth asked, addressing Lisa.

“One moment… Done! On it! Come with me, Julie!” she said. Julie got dragged along once again towards the door of a boxy structure, while she was looking over her shoulder at the huge puddle at the plastic chairs, the trail of pee coming from it and the smaller puddle over at the car that caused Julie to realize what ‘done’ meant. From there, the soaked dress and wet profile of Lisa’s sandals left a smaller trail on the wet concrete towards where they were going. She got pulled inside, and Lisa switched on the light.

The box had a changing room, in which Julie got out of her soaked shoes, socks, shorts and panties, the last two both soaked to the hem on their back sides. She imagined if her top went down a little bit further, she might’ve had to get out of that too, and thanked herself for not wearing a longer one today. She put them in one of the plastic bags on the table.

“Here’s a towel – oh wow,” Lisa said as she walked into the room, staring down at Julie’s clammy privates before quickly looking away. “I’m sorry, thought you’d keep your panties on. You wanna go back home naked?”

“I was hoping I could borrow some clothes maybe?” Julie said hopefully while drying what little bit of moisture there was left on her legs, butt and privates with the towel.

“Oh, honey I’m sorry, I used to do that with girls around my size but too many people just didn’t bring them back,” Lisa said empathetically while turning around and looking Julie in the eyes, doing her best to not look down too much. “So you’d better get back in those,” she continued, motioning towards the filled plastic bag. "Trust me, they'll dry up soon."

“Nuh-uh, I’m not putting on panties that I peed in, that’s disgusting!” Julie said, appalled by the suggestion.

“Well then, here’s the only thing we give away for free,” Lisa said. “Tadaa! Good luck. It’s meant to sit on.”

Julie got out of the room, plastic bag with wet clothes in one hand and an unused, flat trash bag in the other shielding her lower region from view. She put it on the passenger seat and got in, putting the plastic bag with her wet clothes on her lap to continue shielding her nakedness. The drive home was quiet, with her dad obviously unhappy with her clothing situation but unable to add anything to it. Back home, Julie carefully wrapped the trash bag around her and went inside where she transferred the money for the clean-up to her dad, happy to have gotten a ‘loyal customer’ discount. She felt weird the whole time about what happened. It had been her most public accident since the last time she peed her pants at school, a girl around her age that was openly peeing herself without a care in the world, and she didn’t even smell any urine.

*017*2019-09-24 04:46

Not every country is the same, and not everyone learns to drive at the same time In many places, 18 is the minimum, and in many places it isn't standard to learn to drive asap. This story can be wherever I want it to be, even in not-America Changing the ages is something I did half-way through the original, but after a certain amount of time you can't edit your posts anymore. It's one of the reasons I preferred re-writing, in addition to not knowing where I wanted to go when I started this and thus having a few continuity issues. I also found many, many things that could be worded better and just tiny errors in the original, even after going over the whole thing several more times so I'm sure I still overlooked a few things but I decided it still improved enough to be satisfied and call it a day.

Saturday part III – Tired and Wired

Julie got out of the shower only wearing a white towel. Walking to her room her mother noticed her. “Put your clothes are in the washing machine,” she said.

Julie did as she was told and walked downstairs carrying the plastic bag. She passed her sister, who had a big grin on her face. “You wet yourself in the car again, sis?”

Julie’s face was now almost a tomato and didn’t know how to respond, so she just kept quiet. After she started the washing machine, she went back up to her room and stayed there until dinner. She changed into pink sweatpants and a matching sweatshirt with just white panties underneath. She realized it was the last pair she had packed; after these, she would only have the two pairs of panties left from her accidents in the car, because the rest was in her secret bag.

At dinner, the family discussed going to the carnival in the slightly bigger town a 20-minute drive from the farm. Julie told everyone she didn’t feel like going, looking down at just her plate in shame. Reassuring words from her grandmother did nothing to make her feel better. She just wanted to be alone and definitely not in public. She’d just watch a movie on her own.

That evening Julie skimmed trough her grandparents’ movie collection, all still VCR, and decided on the one that seemed the most interesting. About an hour (and two glasses of water) into the 2.5-hour movie, however, she regretted her decision; it was about the most boring movie she had ever seen. It was old, too, and there wasn’t an effect that looked anything close to realistic. She felt her eyelids getting heavy and fell asleep in front of the TV.

Julie needed to pee badly. She had no idea how she had gotten into this situation, but she had to pull over at this gas station, close to losing control. As her car came to a halt, a large spurt escaped her and dampened the crotch of her pants and panties. She had taken the nearest vacant spot to a bright neon sign indicating the location of the bathroom. She ran towards it, holding herself, and stepped through the door. As she did so, another large spurt escaped. Her previously damp crotch got soaked this time, and the wet patch, clear on the light blue jeans she was wearing, expanded halfway down to her knees. She ran past the first door inside, the men’s room, to another door that indicated the direction to the ladies’. As she stepped through however, no bathroom was to be found. Another spurt escaped her, and she now felt warmth spreading down to her knees and to the backside of her pants.

At the end of the hallway she found herself in, another door with a bathroom sign on it was slightly ajar. As she got closer, she saw the text ‘toilet behind this door’ above it. Oh, the relief! As she stepped through it, another large spurt made the warmth spread across the entire back side of her pants. She felt her pee running through the already soaked fabric of her jeans and looked on in horror as she saw the toilet was behind that door, but still about 10 meters away. She couldn’t stop spurts from escaping the entire way there, and when she finally reached it she sat down and could finally relax on the toilet. A loud hissing sound filled the room as she peed through her pants on it.

When Julie woke up, the movie had already stopped and the room around her was dark as the sun had made way for the night outside. “Wow, I must’ve fallen asleep” she thought. Remembering her dream, she quickly put her hand in her crotch.

“YES! Dry!” she thought while moving her hand upwards to feel her extended bladder above. She woke up in time, but she had to go quickly. Holding herself, she got up from the couch. Her bare feet on the tile floor and barely awake state almost caused her to slip, but she remained upright and walked over to the nearest light switch. As the room lit up, her bladder contracted and she felt a small leak escape. Automatically, she looked down at her crotch to see if there was any damage done, not expecting any since she only leaked a few drops.

“What the fuck?” she thought, as she saw the light stain on the bright pink fabric, almost going down to her knees. She felt her pants again, and a little more awake now noticed they were actually slightly damp. She pulled the hem of her pants away from her bladder to look at her panties. She saw the small wet spot right between her legs where she had just leaked, but also saw they were damp a few centimeters above, in a way she recognized all too well. She looked back to where she sat, and that the cushion on which she sat was definitely damp too. Afraid she might’ve damaged her grandparents’ furniture, she walked over to check. As she reached the spot where she had just been sleeping, the tiles got more slippery, but when she felt the basketball-sized stain on the couch it felt almost dry. She must’ve peed herself hours ago!

She quickly flipped the cushion and saw to her delight that the other side blended in with the rest of the couch just as well as the unstained version of the top of it. As she did, though, another spurt escaped her, wetting her crotch in similar fashion to the first leak in her dream. She quickly walked towards the hallway and turned on the light there. Only then she noticed the small trickle continuously running down her legs. As she stood there and saw it make small wet streaks on the inside of her legs, her bladder contracted without warning and immediately a waterfall exploded into her panties and sweatpants. Julie just stood at the edge between living room and hallway watching her own accident in shock as the dark, soaked part on the front of her pants almost reaching the extent of the stain she had made in her sleep.

Urine still pouring out of her and down her pants, she got her phone out of her pocket to check the time; 23:25, a little over 4 hours after the rest left for the carnival. She sighed. Apparently, that was enough time for her to pee herself twice now. She had no idea where this was coming from. She thought she had left her embarrassing high school years filled with frequent accidents behind her, but this weekend her problems seems to have come back, worse than they had been since she was a literal kid. In fact, the last time she peed herself this often in such a short amount of time might’ve been the weeks after the last time she spent a night here, in the summer before she started high school. She felt down and empty, and despite her calm stance of acceptance, a single tear rolled down her face as her bladder slowly stopped emptying.

In defeat, she walked upstairs, her pants still dripping wet, towards the shower where she let her sweatpants fall to the ground. She picked them up and inspected the back; the dampness almost reached the hem, while the freshly soaked part only started at the lower end of her butt. She pulled off the white panties, the crotch having turned see-through, and saw the exact same on them. Being absolutely parched, she hung under the tap for a good minute before she was ready to wash them out and step inside the shower, but then she heard the sound of a car approaching.

Panicking, Julie got a towel and rand downstairs to dry up the damp tiles around the couch and mop up the puddle she had just made. She didn’t take into account, however that one towel wouldn’t be enough for this. With the first one dripping wet in her arms, she raced upstairs, got a second towel and got back down to dry the remainder of the floor. Sitting on her knees, naked from the waist down and trying to dry the tiles as well as she could, she heard the front door open.

Quickly, she got up and wiped the towel past the trail of drops she left in the hallway and up the stairs, ran into the bathroom. She wrung the dripping wet towel out in the shower and folded it, together with her pants and panties, into the damp towel and got into her room where she added it to the other clothes she was hiding, before undressing completely and put on her cleaned red panties and a long light-blue shirt she often used for sleeping in. She checked herself out in the mirror, saw the perfect just-out-of-bed look with her hair and eyes messed up and went back downstairs, wiping the few missed drops she saw with her feet, and walked into the living room as Kathy entered it from the kitchen on the other side.

“Hey sleepyhead! That was so much fun, you should’ve been there!” Kathy said happily. Julie’s eyes darted down to her sister’s blue skirt and the huge damp patch going down from just below where her crotch should be to the hem, forming an almost perfect triangle.

“What happened?” Julie asked. Kathy snorted delightedly.

“What do you think happened,” Kathy said, “Are you sleepwalking or something?”

Kathy walked past her sister, who checked out the slightly smaller but seemingly wetter back side of her skirt before walking on towards the kitchen and entrance hall behind it.

“…it’s not her fault, they should’ve had more toilets,” she heard her grandmother say. “I still don’t expect her to pee herself like a little kid,” her father replied.

“It’s really not that big of a deal, after a shower and some laundry it’ll all be forgotten soon,” her grandmother replied, before stepping through the door and into the kitchen, coming face to face with Julie.

“Hey sweetie, you should go back to bed,” the older woman said to her.

“I was in bed but you woke me up so I decided to go and ask how it was,” Julie lied.

“It was very nice, honey, but it’s getting late, we’ll talk tomorrow,” she heard her mother’s voice say, muffled by the door in between them. “Goodnight!”

Back in the girls’ room, Julie saw Kathy’s soaked skirt and pink panties hanging over one of the chairs, and Kathy was already in bed, half under the covers and sitting up and checking her phone, wearing a green tank top.

“Aren’t you gonna take a shower?” Julie asked.

“What use would that be?” Kathy answered. “I’d probably need one tomorrow morning anyway.”

Julie, tired from not having gotten enough sleep yesterday and all her interrupted naps, just left it and climbed into her own bed. Just before she dozed off she could make out a figure coming into their room and taking Kathy’s clothes in the darkness.

Hours later, her eyes slowly opened again, still exhausted. Her whole body felt numb, especially the right side of her body that she was lying on. Because of this, it took her a few moments to feel the hot liquid trickling down the front and back of her right leg into the sheets below. Another few seconds later, it was the increasing pace of it and the hissing sound that made her finally realize what was happening; she was peeing her bed!

Quickly, Julie sat up put both of her hands in her crotch to stop it from coming out, but the dam had burst. All she achieved was pushing the front of her sleep shirt right into the source of the river and into the puddle it drained into, one that had already grown to the point where the soaked part of her night shirt almost reached her armpit on the right side. Her bladder kept on emptying with unrelenting force and all she could think off was getting to a toilet right now. She kicked off the duvet, soaked where it had made contact with the puddle around Julie’s body, and jumped up from her bed, the motion spreading the puddle all around, prevented from draining into the mattress by the waterproof sheet below.

Her pee now loudly hitting the carpet, Julie ran out of the room, continued to pour pee all over the corridor between the bedroom and bathroom door and ran inside. Quickly, she sat down on the toilet.

Below her she could hear intense dripping, falling down from her soaked shirt and panties, but none of it came straight from her bladder anymore; it was empty.

She rested her had on her hands as she sat there, slowly getting cold. Her panicky motions while jumping out of bed had made almost the entire back of her shirt wet and her legs were still glistening with the pee that had just run down from her red panties, and she knew this was an accident well past hiding potential. She couldn’t just get back into a bed in this state either, and didn’t know where everything was she would need to clean it up. She’d have to wake her mom.

“Oh my god, how much did you pee?” her mother asked rhetorically upon seeing the state of her daughter standing next to her bed.

“I’m so sorry, I woke up peeing and I couldn’t stop it,” Julie said timidly. Internally, she cursed herself as she remembered how much she drank from the tap right before going to bed yesterday. She should’ve known this would happen.

“It’s okay, just hop into the shower and I’ll change your bed,” her mom said.

As she got out of the shower wearing just a towel, Julie walked behind her mom carrying a clean duvet, both avoiding the huge wet streak in the carpet. She was quiet and kept her eyes down in shame. Yesterday she might’ve not made it to the bathroom after waking up, and she might’ve not woken up in time twice afterwards, but still this was her first true bedwetting since just before her 18th birthday. And it didn’t seem like it would be her last. Julie thanked her mom after putting the duvet on an otherwise completely clean bed. It had only been 15 minutes since she was woken up, and of course all the bedding that was there before still had to be washed it still was some true mom-magic to Julie.

“Next time this happens, just stay in bed until you’re done, Julie, it saves me a lot of work in the morning,” her mom said, referring to the absolutely soaked carpet surrounding them. “Okay…” Julie said, ashamed of how much work she had given her.

“Mom?” a sleepy voice came from across the room. “Mom, I need a change.”

“I’m so sorry for you, mom, I can help so you can get back to bed a bit quicker,” Julie offered.

“No worries, your little sister is a lot less work than you at the moment,” her mom replied, before walking out of the room, the squishing sound betraying how she accidentally stepped into Julie’s pee on the way out.

“Did you wet your bed too?” Kathy asked. Julie sighed. “Yeah,” was all she answered.

“I knew you would!” Kathy said as she pulled her duvet aside and stepped out. She lowered the bulky pull-up and put it on the ground, standing there in only her top.

“What the fuck, you’re wearing a diaper???” Julie asked in disbelief. Her parents had never put any of them in diapers after infancy, they didn’t believe in it being a proper solution to make them stop peeing their beds.

“Yeah, grandma didn’t want another stain in the carpet… – oh,” Kathy said as she saw the obvious disaster on the other side of the room. “Seems like that happened anyway.”

“Fuck,” Julie said, “do you think she’s gonna force me to wear one too?”

“I wasn’t forced to wear one, she just asked me to,” Kathy said.

The girls’ mother got back into their room with two pull-ups, gave one to Kathy who happily put it on, and went over to Julie.

“I know, this isn’t a solution, but if you could wear one at night just for the rest of this night and tomorrow night that’d be great,” she said. “It’s just to minimize damage if you have another accident here. Of course you don’t have to if you don’t want to.” She then got up and took Kathy’s used one with her.

Julie was left speechless. She really didn’t feel like wearing a diaper and couldn’t believe her mom actually suggested it. After the girls were left alone in their room, she threw it under her bed, let her towel fall to the ground and got in between the clean sheets for some well-needed rest.

*020*2019-09-24 17:26

Sunday part I – You’re Supposed to Take Those Off

The next morning, Julie was relieved to feel dry privates after waking up and routinely running her fingers over them to check. As she stood naked in the bedroom she was ashamed to feel the damp carpet on her feet, and got even redder realizing she had no dry panties left in her room. She looked around and was happy to see a wet pull-up was all that was left in Kathy’s bed, indicating she could pick her outfit in peace. First things first, she went to the bathroom just in case, despite not feeling any need. A small trickle was all she managed to push out, and made her comfortable quenching the immense thirst she felt right afterwards. Back in her room, she got some black shorts and a loose black top to wear. She’d just have to go commando until she had a chance to take some of her clothes from the laundry room.

At breakfast, which the rest of the family was almost finished with as Julie joined them, she drank her everyday coffee and some juice. Her grandmother awkwardly reassured her that it’s okay to use protection at night if you need it. If that wasn’t bad enough, the fabric of her short black shorts against her genitals was a constant reminder of her accidents. She just hoped nobody would notice the lack of underwear. She did like the feel of it but she did not want anyone to discover that she was in shortage of panties, so she decided to get her clothes from the laundry room as soon as she was done eating.

There was a rack from which Julie’s and Kathy’s clothes hung to dry. Julie selected the dry clothes and moved it all to the girls’ room to avoid suspicion and be under the guise of helping if somebody saw her. Her red panties and her shirt from last night were still drying. In her room she put on her yellow panties and promised to herself she would keep these dry.

She decided to distract herself from her current feelings by reading. That always helped her to slip away from reality, and for that very reason Julie decided to empty her bladder before she started again. She did not manage to get a lot out, since she had gone to the toilet just before breakfast. She went outside, laid down a towel on the grass to not get her clothes dirty, laid herself down in the sun and started reading. As she had nothing to worry about now regarding her bladder, Julie soon found herself lost in the story once again.

After an hour or two of reading, she started to have a bit of a headache and a dry throat, so she went inside to fill up a half liter bottle of water and went back to reading once again, sipping water constantly to get rid of that parched feeling. After a while, it must’ve been about half an hour, she went back inside to fill the bottle up again because she still was not feeling hydrated enough. Again Julie got back to reading as fast as she could as she was still lost in the other world created by the author.

In Julie’s book, the main protagonist didn’t dare to tell her love interest she had to pee during a very nervous date, causing a hilarious scene where she peed through her panties on the toilet and her date having to buy her new panties, Julie noticed her own need she had neglected while being away from reality; the water bottle was empty again, and the contents now filled up her bladder rapidly. Knowing the events of the last few days, Julie knew she had to go to the toilet now before she was lost in the story once again. She got up and went inside. Walking made her notice the fullness of her bladder even more; she really needed a toilet, but it wasn’t as bad as some previous cases this weekend.

Still, her bladder was significantly fuller than what it had felt like. She went inside the house, through the kitchen where Julie’s mother just started making tea. The sound of water filling up the kettle sparked a reaction in the girl’s bladder; as she walked from the kitchen into the living room, a wave of desperation suddenly came over her and she had to stop for a moment. Julie buried both her hands into her crotch and did a small dance, hopping from foot to foot to remain in control. Both her hands pushing and rubbing hard into her private parts gave some relief and some sexual pleasure as she also rubbed her clit.

“Oh my, you’d better hurry to the toilet before you need another change of clothes, sweetie” she heard her grandmother say, who was watching TV. “Uhm, yeah, I will” Julie said, as her face reddened.

She was embarrassed of her grandmother speaking to her in that childish way; she was an adult, at least legally, but she couldn’t blame her grandma for it given her recent history. Another urge came over her as she was distracted by this, and she almost lost control again, but managed to hold on by dancing some more and putting more pressure on her intimate parts with her hands from the outside of her clothes. Now she was really desperate again; she had to keep one hand between her legs as she sped through the hallway towards the toilet. Luckily, Julie saw the door was unlocked; she would find relief soon! Knowing this, another urge came over her and her bladder muscles started to contract with the information of pending relief, but she could hold on if she just walked on and got her clothes down as soon as possible.

However, as Julie opened the door she was in for quite the surprise; Kathy was sitting on the toilet. Her sister sat there, eyes closed, with her jeans around her ankles and white cotton panties still on and one hand on the fabric, two fingers rubbing her clit through it. In surprise, Julie’s bladder released a two-second spurt; her bladder had thought she would be on the toilet right now, and started to contract more violently. As Julie’s other hand came to the rescue to stop her bladder from emptying, she saw that her sister’s panties had started getting wet too; at first only around her most private area, shielded by Kathy’s hand, but soon enough liquid was running straight through them, making the fabric see-through. Julie could practically see the exact location of the pee hole it all originated from every now and then under the hand that was rubbing through the wet material. Julie’s bladder contracted again and she grunted loudly while trying to keep her pants dry.

“Go away! Leave me alone!” Kathy screamed as her face got the reddest Julie had ever seen it. Finally Kathy noticed what was happening, and a look of horror overcame her as she realized she had forgotten to close the door. She quickly closed her legs and put her hands on her white panties, trying to hide them from view and to stop the flow that had just begun, but it was of no use; once started, Kathy’s bladder started emptying faster and faster. After a few seconds of shifting on the toilet, pee was loudly clattering into the water below and the hissing sound got louder and louder. Kathy gave up, knowing her sister had seen it anyway, and removed her now wet hands from her soaked crotch; Kathy started peeing full force through her panties into the toilet. Her white panties already were completely soaked and Julie could see the liquid, still extremely clear, forcefully pushing through the material of her sister’s most intimate piece of clothing.

“Wha… w… what are you doing? Why… ” Julie stammered, as she felt another spurt escape, dampening the crotch of her black shorts. Seeing her sister pee herself and now hearing a loud hissing sound hitting her panties, along with a full stream falling down into the water beneath her was too much for Julie. Her bladder released another spurt, and another. She still tried to stop the flow long enough until she could use the toilet, but she knew full well she had almost zero chance of making it now. Kathy’s forceful peeing didn’t seem to stop for quite some time, and Julie’s bladder thought it was time. As she rubbed her private parts trying to distract her nerves, Julie was shaking and dancing. Suddenly and without warning, warmth spread around her crotch, warming her panties again. As her hands got wetter and wetter and the warmth flowed down her thighs she felt shame wash over herself; she was uncontrollably wetting herself once again.

Julie gave up; she knew it was hopeless now. She spread her legs and removed her hands, hoping it wouldn’t flow down into her shoes and socks this time. Only now she started peeing full force and the small room was filling with an additional hissing sound of Julie’s pee escaping her body and flowing through her shorts. A third of the way to her knees, where the shorts stopped, a few drips fell down to the ground before a steady stream formed, first falling down from her right leg, after which her left leg followed suit. The streams falling down on the tiles overpowered the sound of Kathy’s pee falling towards the water through her panties. As the two puddles under Julie formed and got bigger and bigger, she felt small trickles going down her lower legs. More and more trickles were escaping from the main streams as more and more pee fell through her shorts, spreading through the material in all directions.

Julie looked down to see her lower legs now glistening with the trickles of pee going down into her socks; it hadn’t worked. Her socks were getting soaked from all directions and her shoes started filling up, as the flow from her bladder slowly decreased in intensity. The puddles had joined forces and were still spreading from the thick streams falling down in it. Kathy had to quickly pull her legs up, preventing Julie’s pee from wetting her socks and jeans. As the thick streams falling from Julie also decreased, they started going down her lower legs and made sure her shoes were absolutely overflowing with her pee. As the last trickles warmed Julie’s panties and pants, all that could be heard were the drops falling down into the water from both girls, Julie’s falling down from her shorts into her puddle below, and Kathy’s from her soaked panties into the toilet.

“Julie? Were you too late again?” the girls heard their grandmother yell from down the hallway. Footsteps indicated people coming over to check. Kathy pulled down her panties a bit, wrung them out as well and quickly as she could and pulled them back up again, and pulled up her pants over them while standing up and immediately jumping towards the only dry piece of tile left in the toilet, out of her sisters’ puddle. She pulled the crotch of her jeans down and kept her legs slightly parted to prevent her panties from wetting her jeans too much, just in time for the girls’ mother and grandmother appearing in the door opening. All they saw was one very wet girl and one dry girl apart from her socks, which had gotten soaked in the process.

“Julie wet herself again! She couldn’t wait until I was done!” Kathy said. Julie, baffled by what she had just seen from her sister, didn’t know what to say and only managed to mutter some indistinguishable words. A tear started rolling down her red cheeks.

“Oh, Julie, why didn’t you go earlier? You’ve been lying just outside the house for 2 hours!” Julie’s mother said, “Kathy making it and Julie having an accident, it’s like you switched places.”

Kathy smiled. Julie almost started protesting, but a quick glance from her sister reminded her to keep silent about her soaked panties if she didn’t want her to spill the beans on her other accidents.

In her confusion, Julie just ran away, upstairs to the bathroom where she could shower and be alone, without the judging eyes from her elders. She needed to get clean again and process what had just happened. She really didn’t need to go that badly when she got up; the water in the kettle and her grandma’s remark seemed to make it a bit harder, but when her bladder thought it would get relief but instead she saw her sister peeing her panties on the toilet she couldn’t handle it anymore and wet her pants well before she expected to. But the most confusing thing was that her sister was just sitting on the toilet for a moment, with dry panties, before she started peeing. And she hadn’t seen her going into the toilet; she must’ve been there for a long enough time to pull them down. Why didn’t she? And why was Julie’s clit still slightly swollen from the rubbing just before her accident? It must be because she hasn’t pleasured herself for almost a week and had started to miss it.

