Emily and Serena's desperate trip

Author: TJC

*000*2018-06-02 03:23

This is my continuation of my Emily and Serena stories. This one comes after "Emily's desperate test".

"Hey Serena, are you ready to go?" Emily called out to her friend. "Yeah Em, I just got a couple more things to pack." The girls were very excited. Emily's parents would be staying at a nearby military base for the weekend, before being flown to a foreign country for their next mission. Serena and Emily were goind to visit them. It had been a few months since Emily had seen her parents, and she was very eager to see her family again. Serena was very eager to see them as well. Since her grand mother had passed away, Emily's parents were the closest thing Serena had to parental figures. Emily's paents understood that, and always treated Serena like their own daughter. The girls finished packing their suit cases and headed out in Emily's car. It was a friday afternoon and they would be staying until sunday afternoon so they packed very light.

The girls got in Emily's car and Emily began driving. On this day, Emily was wearing her beatiful low cut white tank top with short shorts, and Serena was wearing a pretty white sundress. The girls were very anxious to get to the base. The base was about four hours away, so they were in for a long trip. The trip began with a little chit chat between the girls. "Hey Em you must be really excited to see your parents."

"I am!" Emily replied enthusiastically. "That's the worst part about having parents in the military, you never get to see them."

"Yeah, i'm really excited to see your parents too. They always have such interesting stories."

The girls continued chatting for about half an hour until Serena felt her stomach growl. "Grrrr!"

"Uh, hey Em, you mind if we pull over somewhere to get some chow, i'm pretty hungry." Emily thought about it for a few seconds. "Well, i'm getting kinda hungry as well, and it is around dinner time. Ok, let's go eat. But we can't make too many stops, I don't want to be stopping too frequently and end up getting to the base too late."

"Ok." Serena agreed. Emily continued driving until she found an exit with a McDonald's. They took the exit and went to go eat.

Emily just ordered a coffee and a cheeseburger. Serena on the other hand, ordered a feast. She got a big Mac, large fries, and a large coke. They sat down and began to eat. Emily was taking small little bites, and Serena was scarfing it down like a wolf. "Serena, slow down, no one's gonna take it from you." Emily joked. "Om nom grumf! I can't help it I love this food. I'm gonna go get another soda, i love these free refills." Serena went and refilled her soda at the machine. "Wow, Serena, how many have you had?"

"This is my third, but who cares they're free, right?" Emily rolled her eyes and resumed eating her burger. As soon as the two girls finished eating they got back to their car and resumed their trip.

For the next thirty minutes, things were pretty silent between the two. Emily drove, while Serena digested her large meal. The silence however, was broken when Serena stated; "I have to pee." Emily looked at her angrily. "Well what did you expect with the way you chugged all those sodas? What did i say about wanting to make very few stops?" Emily asked irritated. "I'm sorry. I know i should've gone before, but now my bladder is getting really full." Emily sighed. "Can you hold it for a little while? I'll stop again a little later." Serena nodded.

At first Serena tried to keep her mind off of peeing. She played on her phone to try and distract her. This worked for a little while, until her need started to increase. At this pint, Serena began to fidget a little. She was occasionally grabbing her crotch and shaking her legs. She tried to think about something else to take her mind off it. She thought about how much she like Emily's family. She though of all the stories she would get to hear and of all the fun she would be having this weekend. But suudenly, the not so pleasant thought of her wetting herself before she got to the base popped into her head. She snapped out of her daydream to realise her bladder situation had gotten a little worse. She looked at her watch and saw that about half an hour had gone by since she last asked Emily to pull over. "Uh hey Em, I still need to pee. Can we please go somewhere?" Serena pleaded. "If we stop now then we'll probably have to stop again later. You can hold it a little while longer."

"Fine." Serena said with an adorable pouting expresion on her face.

Serena continued fidgeting in her seat. She was grabbing her crotch quite frequently now, and vigorously shaking her legs. She thought of how unfair it was of Emily to make her wait to pee just to want to save time. "Emily of all people should know how bad it feels to be desperate to pee." Serena thought to herself. After all, only a couple short months ago, Emily had wet her panties after not being allowed to pee during her math test. Serena continued grabbing herself and fidgetting until Emily would pull over and she could relieve herself.

It was now about an hour and fifteen minutes since they left Mcdonald's. Serena's was getting really desperate at this point. She was constantly moving around in her seat and firmly grasping her crotch. "Emily, please, it's been long enough. My bladder is killing me. I really need to pee."

"Ok." Emily sighed. "I'll try to find an exit. Emily continued driving for a few minutes and was unable to find an exit. Just then, Serena loudly screamed out; "Emily I'm gonna end up wetting the seats!" She was now hunched over, sweat all over her body, and her bladder was quite visibly swollen. Emily started driving a little faster until they found an exit with a little truck stop. They went in.

When they got in, Serena ran with her hands between her legs towards the bathroom. She nearly froze when she saw a long line of girls infront of her. Serena got in line and desperately pee pee danced, doing anything she could to prevent her from wetting herself. Emily on the other hand, figured since there was no point standing around and waiting, decided to sit down and order a coffee.

As Serena waited in line, a little girl pointed to her and said; "Mommy look, thst lady is dancing!." Before being walked away by her mother. Serena's face turned red. She frantically waited, thinking she may never be able to relieve herself. Fotunatley, a couple minutes later the girl infront of her walked out, and Serena was finally able to pee. She walked in, pulled down her pants, sat on the toilet, and began peeing. "AAAAHHHHH!" She said blissfully as she was on the toilet. A strong stream flowed out of her pussy and into the toilet. She peed for a good two minutes before she was done. She then washed her hands and went out to find Emily.

As Serena walked towards her, Emily just finished up her coffee. "Hey Em, ready to go?" Emily thought about using the restroom herself. She then saw that there was a pretty long line still for the bathroom. She decided she could hold it until the base. "Yeah, i'm ready." Emily replied.

The two continued in the car. They were now about halfway from the base, approxamately two hours away. After a few minutes Emily was beginning to regret not peeing before. Her bladder was begginning to fill. She figured she should just ignore it and drive. For the first half hour after leaving the truck stop, this strategy worked well. Emily continued driving as normal. She was able to ignore all the messages from her bladder and carry on as usual. She didn't need to grab herself, or pee dance or anything.

Unfortanetely, after about a half hour of that, her need to pee had drastically increased. At this point, driving was becoming a far more difficult task. Emily was occasionally shaking her legs, and constatntly taking one of her arms off the steering wheel to grab her crotch. "Oh shit! I really need to pee." She thought to herself. She was getting pretty desperate. "Uh Serena." She said nervously. "I need to pee. I think i'm gonna pull over somewhere." Serena looked at her with an evil smile. "What's the matter?" She asked sarcastically. "I thought we were supposed to make as few trips as possible. You should've gone before. Huh, now where have i heard that before?" Serena said mockingly. "Emily blushed. Serena was right she though. Not wanting to be a hypocrite she decided she would just have to hold it until she got to the base.

The next forty five minutes were not easy on Emily's bladder. She was dancing in her seat, trying to hold in all that pee. She was nervously grabbing herself and doing anything she could to stay dry. Serena took note of Emily's desperate behaviour. She looked down at Emily's abdomen, which had gotten rather swollen. "Uh Em, I know you really need to pee. I was just kidding around before, you can pull over somewhere." Emily was very relieved to hear that. She was however, too proud to give into her urge, especially after forcing Serena to hold it for so long. "" Th- that's ok, I can hold it until we get to the base." Emily then looked down nervously, not knowing how true her words would be.

Another fifteen minutes later, and Emily was reaching her absolute limit. She was fidgeting uncontrolably in her seat. She knew at this point, it would be better to come off as a little hypocritical than to wet herself. She drove for a little while looking for an exit, but then a terrifying thought crossed her mind. She remebered from her last trip to the base, that for the last little while before the base, there were no exits, due to the fact that the base was in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by a few forests. Emily knew that she would have to pop a squat at the side of the road if she wanted to stay dry.

Emily pulled over and waited a few moments until there were no cars around. She then got out of the car, pulled her pants down and was about to start peing, when suddenly, she heard a voice. " Hey you! Miss, pull your pants up right now!" The voice really shocked Emily, but she did as the it said. She then looked at the man who yelled, and saw he was wearing a police uniform. It was different from the uniforms of the regular police force. She then looked at his car and saw that he was a military police officer, most likely on patrol from the base they were headed too. Emily examined the officer closely. He was an older man, with a buzz cut hairstyle and a think cop moustache.

"I know exactly what you were abut to do. Not on my road missy!" Emily's face blushed bright red. "I'm sorry sir, it's just that i really have to pee." Emily said while fidgeting a little. "Well go to a toilet. If i catch you doing that again, there'll be a whole mess of trouble, you understand me?" The officer said sternly. "Yes sir." Emily replied sheepishly. The officer then drove away. Emily got back into the car. "Em, what was that all bout?" Serena asked concerned. "He got mad at me for trying to pee. Now i have to hold it until we get to the base." Emily said as her voice wimpered. She thought it was inevitable. She was certain she would pee her pants.

They were now about half an hour from the base. Emily was so desperate she was focusing most of her energy on holding her pee, and was barely able to focus on the road. Luckily for her, there were pretty much no other cars on the road. Emily was desperately holding her crotch as she made her way to the base. To her disbelief she was able to hold in her pee until she arrived to the entrance of the base.

At the entrance of the base was a guard station where everyone entering would need to be screened by the military police. Emily pulled up to speak to to the officer. Her heart nearly sank when she saw who was there. It was the same officer who spoke with her earlier. "Uhh, hello sir." Emily said nervously. "I'm here to see my parents." Emily explained who her parents were. The officer called them to confirm. As he did this Emily pee danced in her seat desperately waiting for him to fnish. "Alright." Said the cop. I'll escort you to their barracks. And don't think i don't recognise you Emily. Definitely do not pee on the base." Emily blushed.

The officer got in his car and drove ahead of the girls. Emily followed. The road was gravel and very bumpy, which was very hard on Emily's bladder. As she drove she let out a few spurts of pee. "Oh shit!" She thought to herself. "Come, on. After all this I can't pee myself now." After what seemed like an etrnity, They finally arrived to where Emily's parents were staying. The officer then drove away. Emily and Serena then got out of the car and Emily pee danced her way into the barracks.

When she got in her parent greeted her with excitement. "Emily! We've missed you so much!" They then went to hug her. The hug caused an immense wave of pressure in Emily's abdomen. Suddenly she released a big spurt. "Oh crap!" Emily cried out. Another spurt came out. Emily tried to run to the bathroom but she couldn't move. Just then a full on stream began flowing from her vagina. She began peeing. First a big wet patched formed on her crotch. It then made its way to her but. The pee then began flowing down her legs and into a big puddle on the floor. Emily was so embarrassed she didn't know what to do. She bagan sobbing.

Emily's father put his hand on her should to confort her. "I'm really sorry dad." Emily whispered. "I really had to pee and i just culdn't hold it."

"It's ok honey, accidents happen. In fact, i've seen a few soldiers have accidents when bathrooms weren't available." Emily smiled a bit. "Now i'll get a mop, why don't you change and we can catch up?" Emily hugged her dad. She then went to change, and the four of them talked long into the night.

