The Pony Omorashi Collection

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-11-21 07:33

Some of my higher quality omorashi stories revolving around the ponies of My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. I originally wrote these on fimfiction.net, and put them here for someone who would enjoy them. Though this is with ponies rather than humans, they will all be wearing outfits for it.

Note: Rarity's chapter had a few fart scenes so I removed them in case they're a turn-off for any of you. If anyone wants them with the fart scenes, let me know and I'll link you to the original.

Also, the formula may seem repetitive. That's why on fimfiction I had to make them chapters of the same story. Since it merges replies I had to do it all in one post.

One last note: I didn't do one for Applejack cause I don't usually fetishize her. I don't know why. But I did all the other Main 6, so if you have a specific taste for any of them, each has her own high-quality story. And if you like all of them in these situations, read every chapter!

Rarity's Desperation

On a hot summer day in Ponyville, Rainbow Dash and Applejack had asked Twilight Sparkle, Rarity, Fluttershy, and Pinkie Pie to compete alongside them in a six-pony relay race.

Pinkie Pie entered immediately because she knew it would be fun. Twilight had never run a relay race before and was interested to try it out. Fluttershy felt confident about it as well, probably because there were five other ponies to share the spotlight with her.

Rarity wasn't usually into sports, but didn't want to let her friends down, so she agreed to enter - on the condition that they enter in style! Before the race she fashioned sparkly racing outfits for them resembling skintight shorts and matching midriff tank tops. Rarity's were purple, Twilight's were dark blue, Rainbow Dash's were a shade of blue darker than her but lighter than Twilight's outfit, Applejack's was red, Fluttershy's was green, and Pinkie Pie's was dark pink. These outfits were sporty yet lovely.

Before the race, Rarity had drank 10 cups of tea. She made her way to the racetrack, where the Main 6 would be racing against one of the other seven teams in the race first (all of which consisted mostly of background ponies). It was a hot day, so Rarity drank several bottles of water, as did Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy, while waiting half an hour for all the ponies to arrive, and the race to begin.

At the start of the race, they were positioned: Pinkie Pie, Twilight, Fluttershy, Rarity, Applejack, Rainbow Dash. As soon as the announcer - Spike - said "Go", Pinkie Pie began running, and reached Twilight before the other pony did, carrying the stick in her mouth and throwing it to her. Twilight got to Fluttershy, who got to Rarity, who ran as fast as she could.

It was a full racetrack with quite a bit of distance to cover, but Rarity reached Applejack well ahead of the other pony, and it wasn't long before Applejack and Rainbow Dash finished the race.

All of them were exhausted and a little sweaty, but satisfied that they won the race and would advance to the semifinals. They drank a lot more water while they watched the other teams race.

After the second race, Fluttershy quietly said "I'll be right back," and ran into one of the many outhouses on the racetrack.

"I really gotta pee too!" said Pinkie Pie, and she ran into another.

Now that they mentioned it, Rarity was feeling the urge to pee as well, but she brushed it off. She didn't like using public bathrooms or outhouses. She thought they were absolutely filthy from how many ponies would use them, and not knowing whether they had been cleaned properly. She'd rather hold it.

After the last two races, 20 minutes went by so the ponies could relax and be ready for the next race. Rarity fidgeted a bit, the need to pee growing heavier.

"You all right there Rares?" said Applejack.

"I'm fine," said Rarity.

After the 20 minutes, it was decided Rarity's team would, again, race first. They positioned themselves the same as last time, and raced just as well as last time.

When it was Rarity's turn, she ran faster than before, trying to hide her desperation, though the pressure in her bladder was much heavier than before.

Rarity's team won the race again. She was even hotter and sweatier than before; her outfit was damp now. The other ponies drank several bottles of water. Rarity's screaming bladder told her not to do the same, but she was very hot and thirsty, so she had no choice but to drink five bottles of water.

The Main 6 sat on the sidelines while the other two teams raced, knowing that whichever team won would be their next opponent. Rarity really needed to go, fidgeting harder now.

"I gotta go to the bathroom," said Rainbow Dash, and she ran to an outhouse. Twilight, Applejack, and Pinkie Pie each ran into another. Fluttershy was fine for the moment, she hadn't drank as much water as Pinkie Pie did. Rarity was in desperate need of a bathroom, but still wouldn't use the "filthy" outhouses.

When Rainbow Dash, Twilight, Applejack, and Pinkie returned, Applejack noticed Rarity fidgeting, and the pained look on her face.

"Ya know, if you need to go to the bathroom, why don't you just go? There's plenty of outhouses over there."

Rarity blushed. "I'm fine, thank you."

"You're gonna want to go before the next race," said Twilight. "All that water you've been drinking."

"I don't like public bathrooms, especially outhouses," said Rarity. "So filthy. Not very clean."

"So you'd rather risk wettin' yourself than use one?" said Applejack. "That wouldn't be much cleaner."

"Actually, urine is sterile," said Twilight.

"Yeah, but wetting yourself in front of HUNDREDS of ponies would be, like, the most embarrassing thing EVER!" said Pinkie Pie. "I know. I've done it once. In those cute teal shorts you made for me, Rarity."

"Oh my, I know I'd never be able to stand it," said Fluttershy.

"I can hold it," said Rarity, although she really didn't look it.

"If you say so," said Rainbow Dash. "But don't whine too much if you have an accident in your racing shorts!"

Once the race was done, there was a 30-minute wait for the next race, in which the ponies could relax, drink water, have a quick snack (nothing too big right before running), or go to the bathroom if they needed to.

Rarity began squirming even harder. She could feel the pee sloshing around inside her. By now the heat had dried the sweat off her outfit, but she was feeling very hot and thirsty again, so she couldn't help but drink more bottles of water, even though she knew she'd regret it later.

The other ponies drank more water, and Pinkie Pie ran to the bathroom twice more, while Fluttershy did so once. Rainbow Dash didn't, although she had drank nearly as much as Pinkie Pie.

"See Rarity? Even Fluttershy's not afraid to use the bathrooms here," said Twilight as soon as Fluttershy had disappeared behind the outhouse door.

The pressure grew heavier, and Rarity crossed her legs and fidgeted harder, a pained look on her face.

"Rares, just go," said Applejack. "Make a dash for one of those outhouses. I'm pretty sure they clean them every night."

Rarity considered it. She wasn't sure she could make it through the next race and then back to her home, after they claimed either their gold or silver trophy. But...

"No, I can't. Still too filthy."

Rainbow Dash chuckled at how stubborn Rarity was being. "Hey, if you wet yourself, you can always go for a swim with me in a river. Maybe a really fast raging river, that ends in a waterfall!"

Rarity was feeling more uncomfortable the longer Rainbow Dash spoke.

"Yeah, then we can splash down the waterfall together! Or, I could make it rain on you! I'll grab a big raincloud, and kick it, and there'll be lots of rain! I can almost hear the sound of raindrops already, splashing on the ground and making puddles!"

Rarity whimpered as she felt a bit of pee leak into her shorts and crossed her legs even tighter, still fidgeting.

"Rainbow, quit it!" said Applejack. "That ain't funny."

"How would you feel if you were in her position?" said Twilight.

"It's her own fault for not wanting to use the bathrooms here," said Rainbow Dash. "But... I wouldn't like it very much, so I'll stop." She considered startling Rarity into wetting herself with a thundercloud, or tickling her, but she knew Rarity and the others wouldn't like it. Except maybe Pinkie Pie, she'd just piss her own shorts from laughing too hard.

After what felt like hours for Rarity, the final race was about to begin. As Rarity stood up to go to her position, she felt herself become even more desperate from standing up. She felt like she was about to burst as she walked to her spot, which, most inconveniently for her, was the fourth spot, so she had quite a ways to walk. She sprinted the rest of the way there, hoping it wouldn't tire her out for the race. She really, REALLY needed to go, and she wasn't sure she was going to make it.

"On your marks... get set... GO!"

Rarity stood doing the pee dance while waiting for Fluttershy to reach her. She knew hundreds of ponies were watching, but didn't care. Besides, she was trusting on the pony who was running to get all the attention so no one would be looking at her until it was her turn.

Fluttershy ran faster than usual, motivated by wanting Rarity to make it to a bathroom. As soon as she reached her, she threw the stick to her.

Rarity tried to catch it in her mouth, but missed, and it fell to the ground.

"Oh, I'm so sorry Rarity," said Fluttershy.

"It's all right darling," said Rarity, trying not to sound tense. "I'm the one who missed it."

She picked up the stick and ran so fast she looked as though she could have beaten Rainbow Dash and Applejcak in a race. She needed to pee so badly that she ran faster than she ever thought she could, as if she was running toward a bathroom itself, for it was only once the race was done and they had claimed their trophy that she could get back home and use her very clean bathroom.

She reached Applejack and threw the stick to her. Applejack caught it easily, and as she ran toward Rainbow Dash, Rarity sat down, more tired than ever and dripping with sweat. She crossed her legs and fidgeted as Applejack threw the stick to Rainbow Dash, who finished the race, beating the other team by a landslide.

"Team Rainbow Dash wins!" said Spike. Rainbow Dash and Applejack had decided through hoof-wrestling who to name their team after.

Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Twilight, Fluttershy, and Pinkie Pie walked over to Rarity.

"You take your trophy," said Rarity, who was unable to keep her desperation out of her voice. "I don't think I can stand up, unless I'm running home. Tell them I'm just too tired after running so fast." Which was almost true.

The other five ponies stood on the podium to take their trophy. Rarity watched while squirming where she sat. She wished she could have been on the podium for the ponies to see her sparkly outfit in her victory, but she knew if she stood up for any reason other than to run home, she'd have an accident in front of all the ponies.

She considered making a break for it now, but she wanted to wait until the victory ceremony was over. Only ten seconds later, Rarity felt herself dribbling, and she knew she wouldn't last much longer. She decided to run back home NOW. Her friends would understand.

Before she could even stand up, however, she felt a steady stream of pee make its way out of her into her shorts, which did not let up. Rarity tried hard to stop, but she couldn't. Rarity was peeing herself, in front of hundreds of ponies. She whimpered and blushed beet red with embarrassment as her shorts grew wetter and wetter, and a puddle formed around her butt.

As she continued to wet herself, Rarity felt two things at once. The first was shock at wetting herself for the first time since, as long as she could remember. For such a popular and feminine pony such as her to pee herself like a little filly was the biggest humiliation she had ever experienced. The second feeling was relief at finally letting go, and if it wasn't so embarrassing and unladylike, part of her might have enjoyed the feeling. She even sighed in relief, against her will.

Her friends came running back toward her.

"All right Rarity, you can..." Twilight stopped at the sight of Rarity sitting in a puddle that was still growing.

"Oh my," said Fluttershy, blushing.

"Hoo, Rarity," said Applejack rather loudly. "Y'all must've been runnin' really fast to be sweatin' that much."

"Really?" said Pinkie Pie. "Cause it looks to me like she's..."

Twilight elbowed her. "We know," she whispered. "We just don't want all the other ponies to know that, so she can feel better about it."

"Oooooohhh," said Pinkie.

"I've never seen such a big puddle of sweat," said Rainbow Dash. "Way to win the race for us, Rares!"

Now that Rarity came to think about it, her sparkly purple outfit was already soaked with sweat, so only those who were really close could tell that she was peeing herself. She was sure her friends knew, but even Rainbow Dash wasn't laughing at her, and they were covering it up. Also, all the ponies had to have been looking at Rainbow Dash, Applejack, and the others because they were on the podium claiming their prize. Because of all the water she drank her pee didn't even smell so it would be easy to hide on the way back. This wasn't as bad as she had thought.

Rarity peed for about a minute and 45 seconds, and felt much better once she was done. She was still blushing lightly with embarrassment, but Applejack helped her to her feet.

"You all go on ahead," said Rainbow Dash, tossing her trophy to Applejack. "I gotta go to the bathroom."

Rainbow Dash entered one of the outhouses. Like the other ponies, her shorts were soaked with sweat too. She sat on the toilet and began peeing through her shorts into it.

"Ahhhhhhh." Rainbow Dash loved the feeling of this, and her shorts were already wet so who cares?

Rainbow Dash's Desperation

Rainbow Dash was ready to do another Iron Pony competition with Applejack, this time agreeing to not use her wings.

It was a hot summer day rather than fall, so Rainbow Dash had a big glass of water after doing her stretches.

As usual, Twilight kept score and Spike was the announcer.

At the end of each event, Rainbow Dash and Applejack drank a mug of cider, for they were very hot and sweaty after each one.

Rainbow didn't use her wings for any of the events. They were tied by the time of the final event, which was a tug of war. After a few seconds, Applejack pulled Rainbow Dash into the mud. Rainbow Dash was disappointed, but was a good sport this time.

After drinking one last cider, she said "I should be going to the Wonderbolt show now!"

After taking a bath at home, she put on her Wonderbolt outfit and flew to the arena in Manehattan where they would be performing. Having flown very fast, she arrived early. She was thirsty after this flight on a hot day, so she drank two more glasses of water.

By the time the show was about to begin, Rainbow Dash started to feel pressure on her bladder. The cider she had drank had gone through her. But, she wasn't too concerned. She was sure she could hold it. She'd held it for a long time before. Though she hadn't had that much to drink then.

The Wonderbolts began performing with spectacular flying moves. Rainbow Dash did all of her techniques perfectly at first, although as the time went by she started to become more uncomfortable. She nearly slipped up on one move, but was able to finish the show.

Next came a race, which the rich ponies would bet on. The ponies got to the start line, and Rainbow tried not to fidget. At the sound of the horn, the Wonderbolts took off to fly around the racetrack. Rainbow Dash flew the fastest, from a combination of being the fastest pegasus and her need to pee, and won the race, to the thunderous applause of the audience.

After flying to the center of the arena and bowing to the audience, the show was over, much to Rainbow Dash's relief.

Rather than use a bathroom at the arena, Rainbow flew back to her house at top speed. By the time she was home, her Wonderbolt outfit was soaked in sweat. She peeled her outfit off and drank five glasses of water, until she was feeling cooler and less thirsty.

Yes, this seemed a foolish thing to do when she needed to pee, but she could use her bathroom now.

She had just turned in the direction of her bathroom when she caught a glimpse of a clock. It was 1:55 PM. With a jolt, she remembered that she was to fly alongside Fluttershy and Bulk Biceps in an aerial relay race at Cloudsdale in five minutes!

She quickly changed into the sports outfit Rarity had fashioned for her - a skintight pair of dark blue shorts with a white tank top. She had just reached the door when she remembered she still had to go to the bathroom. After thinking it over for a few seconds, she took off toward Cloudsdale. Surely such an awesome pony as her could hold it, plus it might make her fly faster!

She reached Cloudsdale, where Fluttershy and Bulk Biceps waited for her. They wore similar outfits of Rarity's design, except Fluttershy's shorts were green and Bulk Biceps's were gray.

"Are you ready to win the relay race?" said Fluttershy, who was confident in Rainbow Dash's speed.

"Do you have to ask?" said Rainbow Dash. She felt confident until the pressure in her bladder grew heavier, and she started to look more uncomfortable. She crossed her legs, sweating a bit.

"Oh my," said Fluttershy. "After that flight here you're probably really hot and thirsty." She quickly got Rainbow Dash a big glass of water.

Rainbow Dash was reluctant. She really needed to go, and more water wouldn't help her hold it. But, she was feeling thirsty, so she drank it without complaint.

"How much longer before the race begins?" said Rainbow Dash as she sat down, fidgeting a little.

"RIGHT NOW!" said Bulk Biceps.

Their opponents - Hoops, Score, and Dumb Bell - came in. They weren't wearing any sports outfits, and Rainbow wished at this point that Rarity hadn't insisted she and her team do so, for losing control without wearing an outfit, as embarrassing as it would be, would be preferable to if she was wearing one when it happened.

Rainbow braced herself for the jocks to notice how desperate she was and make fun of her, but they didn't. She had forgotten, they respected her now after witnessing her Sonic Rainboom.

The six pegasi got to their positions for the race. Rainbow Dash was to be the third to fly, and as soon as she reached her position, she crossed her legs, a pained expression on her face.

Bulk Biceps took a while to get to Fluttershy, and Rainbow fidgeted harder. The sooner she finished this race the sooner she could find a bathroom!

Fluttershy flew as fast as she could towards Rainbow Dash once it was her turn. She could tell how desperate Rainbow Dash was and wanted her to make it. She was dripping with sweat when she reached Rainbow Dash and gave her the horseshoe.

As she took the horseshoe, Rainbow uncrossed her legs, feeling a lot more uncomfortable. She flew as fast as her wings could carry her, reaching the finish within seconds.

"Team Rainbow wins!" said the announcer.

Rainbow Dash would normally express delight at winning a race, but she needed to pee too badly to feel anything else right now. She was about to fly off toward the bathroom, when she remembered she had to claim her trophy. Fluttershy and Bulk Biceps were already on the winners' platform, so Rainbow zipped over there, doing the pee dance. A few of the pegasi in the audience snickered, but she didn't care.

"Fluttershy, can you take the trophy?" said Rainbow Dash. "I really have to go!"

"Of course, Rainbow Dash," said Fluttershy. "Then you'll be set to race Applejack!"

Rainbow had completely forgotten that she and Applejack were going to race on a big racetrack, which took about a minute for even a fast pony like her to run a single lap. Flying would be a snap, but she promised she wouldn't use her wings. And, at Rainbow Dash's suggestion, they were to run 30 laps.

But, what was she worried about? All she had to do was use the bathroom here and she'd be fine for the entire race.

As soon as the trophy was presented to Rainbow Dash, she handed it to Fluttershy and made a break for the nearest bathroom. Rainbow could almost feel the relief already.

Until she saw ten ponies in line for the bathroom. Rainbow groaned, and put both hooves on her crotch. She could feel her desperation increase as the minutes went by, feeling like hours to her.

Somehow, each pony in front of her took at least two minutes before exiting the outhouse. Rainbow squirmed harder, and looked at the clock. It was getting close to 2:30, the time of her race with Applejack.

By the time there were three ponies in front of her, it was 2:29. Rainbow knew she'd be late for the race if she waited for the other three ponies. Letting out a frustrated yell, she took off toward the racetrack. Her desperation drove her to fly faster than she ever had before without doing a Sonic Rainboom.

She arrived at the racetrack, where Applejack was waiting. Her shorts were soaked and at first she thought she had peed herself mid-flight, until she realized it was sweat. Of course, with how much she needed to pee, if she wet herself now it would still be very noticeable.

"Ah was beginnin' to think you wouldn't show," said Applejack. "Here, have some cider."

Rainbow didn't think twice. She was so thirsty after her race and flight that she drank five cups of cider.

"That cider's real good on a hot day," said Applejack. "Course, drinkin' too much of it at once makes you gotta pee real bad. While you were doin' your Wonderbolt show I was peein' for probably close to a minute. I ain't never peed for so long, but it felt so good..."

"QUIET!" said Rainbow Dash as she leaked a bit into her shorts. But as they were already wet, this wasn't noticeable.

"Right, let's race."

Rainbow Dash and Applejack stood at the starting line, with Big McIntosh and Apple Bloom there to keep score of them, respectively, and Granny Smith as the announcer.

"Ready... get set... and go!" said Granny Smith.

Rainbow Dash and Applejack ran. Rainbow was tired from her previous competitions, but she still had to go to the bathroom really badly, and that made her run faster than she ever had in her life, desperate to finish the race and use the outhouse in the area.

Applejack was surprised as Rainbow ran by her again. And again. And again. They were usually evenly matched. Why was Rainbow suddenly faster on foot? Was she using her wings? Nope. Next time she ran by, Applejack saw clearly she was running.

As fast as she ran, the race seemed to go on forever. Her bladder was still throbbing, still more full than it had ever been. She wished she hadn't set the race to run so many laps.

"EYYYYUP!" said Big McIntosh as loud as he could, once Rainbow had crossed the finish line for the 30th time. She was exhausted, panting, and dripping with sweat, so much that if she peed right there no one would notice.

Applejack continued running for sport, waiting for Apple Bloom to signal her crossing the final time.

Rainbow Dash drank 10 mugs of cider, not caring how it would affect her later, for she could now use the outhouse. But she was so tired, she wanted to rest first. With the cool cider she drank, she stopped sweating, and before long the summer heat turned her sweaty outfit from wet to damp.

Then, just as Apple Bloom said "Applejack gets second place!", Rainbow became aware of her full bladder again. She was about to run toward the outhouse, when Applejack ran in front of her, panting and sweaty.

"Wow, you've gotten a lot faster since the last time," said Applejack.

"Well, I haven't gone to the bathroom since our Iron Pony competition and I REALLY need to go!" said Rainbow Dash.

At that moment, the train arrived at the nearby train track. "All aboard for Appleoosa," said the conductor.

"We'd better get goin'," said Applejack. "Or else we're gonna be late for our buckball game against Braeburn."

Rainbow cringed. In her desperation she had forgotten that she and Applejack were playing against Braeburn's team at Appleoosa again. Fluttershy and Pinkie Pie were better players than them, but Fluttershy didn't want to do more than one athletic event in one day, and Pinkie Pie was busy babysitting the Cake twins.

"All right, I'll be on the train in a minute," said Rainbow Dash, and she started to fly toward the outhouse, but Applejack grabbed her tail and held her back.

"We don't wanna miss the train. You can use the bathroom there."

Rainbow Dash reluctantly boarded the train with Applejack. As soon as it was in motion, she ran toward its bathroom, but to her horror it had an "Out of Order" sign on it. Rainbow rushed over to Applejack, sat down next to her, and started fidgeting hard.

"What's wrong with the bathroom?" said Applejack.

"It's out of order!" said Rainbow Dash through gritted teeth. "Why couldn't you let me use the outhouse at the racetrack and then fly to Appleoosa?"

"Cause you're exhausted from the race. You'll need to rest a bit if we're gonna beat Braeburn."

"I can't play if I have to pee this badly!"

"There'll be a bathroom there you can use, if you can hold it till then."

"And if I can't?"

"Then ah hope wet shorts won't affect your performance."

Rainbow was now wishing she had peed herself when her shorts were soaked. In minutes the sweat had completely dried off her. All the extra drinks she had taken were starting to catch up to her now. Rainbow was more desperate than she had ever been in her life. She whimpered and fidgeted hard, her legs crossed tight.

The train ride took an hour, but it felt like an eternity to Rainbow Dash, who could feel the pressure grow heavier and heavier with each passing minute. She could feel waves of pee sloshing around inside her, and wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it.

"Hang in there Rainbow Dash," said Applejack as they got closer to Appleoosa. "We're almost there."

Finally, they reached Appleoosa. As soon as they were out, Rainbow Dash ran to the nearest outhouse. It was occupied. Frantically doing the pee dance, she banged on the door, but the pony inside wouldn't come out, so she ran to the arena where they were playing buckball. This arena had a full bathroom to it, so Rainbow Dash entered it. To her dismay, every stall was full.

"OH COME ON!" she said. She felt herself leak a little, and whimpered.

Rainbow did the pee dance again as she waited for one of the ponies to get out of the stall.

"HURRY UP IN THERE!" she cried as she leaked again.

After about five minutes, the toilet flushed, and Rainbow started to feel better. At long last, she was finally going to get the relief she needed. It would feel so good to finally let it all out.

But before the stall door opened, Applejack came running in and said "Ah hope you already went to the bathroom, cause the game's startin' now!"

"Just give me one minute!" said Rainbow Dash as a pony came out of the stall whose toilet had just flushed.

"We don't have a minute," said Applejack, and she pulled Rainbow Dash into the buckball arena.

Rainbow Dash reluctantly got in position next to the basket, and the game was on.

The entire time, Rainbow had both her hooves on her crotch. Between the fact that she was hardly moving, and that a cloud had blocked the sun, cooling the weather drastically, Rainbow Dash was not sweating. The only dampness on her shorts was from when she had leaked earlier. Rainbow hoped that it would rain so that she could pee without anyone noticing, and then play seriously. However, the cloud was not a raincloud, and was the only cloud in the sky.

Rainbow was so focused on holding it that she let several goals into the basket.

"Hey, Rainbow! Try harder!" said Applejack.

"But I REALLY have to go!" said Rainbow Dash, tearing up a bit.

"If anyone can hold it and still play, it's you."

Applejack couldn't possibly understand how badly Rainbow Dash needed to pee right now. She had drank more water and cider than she would have thought possible, and was sure that it had all gone through her now. Her bladder was throbbing, and she felt like she was about to burst.

But, Applejack's words gave her the confidence to try.

She was afraid that if she stopped holding herself she'd have an accident in her shorts. So, she decided to use every other part of her to try to block the ball.

When the ball came flying toward her basket, Rainbow kicked it. This put a bit extra pressure on her, and she didn't want to kick again. The next time, she used her wing, which hurt a little from the force the ball was flying at, causing her to go off balance for a bit. Next time she saved with her head, and felt a little dizzy afterwards. Usually it wouldn't bother her, but she knew it wouldn't help her current situation.

As the ball came flying at her again, Rainbow Dash turned around and hit the ball with her butt. This sent an unexpected jolt through her bladder and she leaked for three seconds. Her shorts had a bigger wet spot on them now, and she hoped they were dark enough that ponies couldn't tell from a distance.

She let out a whimper of surprise as the ball hit her in the butt again, causing her to leak a little more.

"That tush seems to be doin' the trick," said Applejack as she kicked the ball into a basket.

"But it's making me pee a little!" said Rainbow Dash, blushing lightly.

"I'm real sorry sugarcube, but can you try to save that way for a little while longer? Ah promise you can have all the cider you want today."

"Deal!" said Rainbow Dash, though she was still in desperate need of a bathroom.

Rainbow hit the ball with her rump a few more times, still holding herself with both hooves and still extremely desperate to pee. Every few hits would make Rainbow leak a bit more into her shorts, making them wetter each time. Eventually she got so desperate she could hardly move, and missed the ball a few times. Applejack was annoyed, but seeing how desperate Rainbow Dash was, and how wet she was already, she felt sorry for her and didn't give her a hard time.

At long last, the game was over.

"Braeburn's team wins!" said the announcer.

Rainbow Dash didn't care that she had lost. All she wanted was to go to the bathroom NOW!

She ran to the arena bathroom as fast as she could, dribbling the entire way. Upon entering the bathroom, she saw that all the stalls were full, again. She frantically did the pee dance waiting for the ponies to come out.

After a five-second leak, she said "Screw it" and ran outside toward the outhouse, her shorts getting even wetter as she dribbled more.

By the time she reached the outhouse, the spurts had become a steady stream that wouldn't stop. Rainbow tried to open the outhouse door, but it was locked. At that moment, seemingly with the knowledge that she had no access to any bathrooms, she stopped holding it in and lost complete control.

Rainbow's stream grew harder as she began peeing full force. Her shorts became soaked in a matter of seconds, and her stream passed through them to the ground below her, while at the same time, rivers of pee flowed down her legs in torrents. A massive puddle grew under her.

Rainbow couldn't believe what was happening. She, the fastest flyer in all of Equestria, one of the Wonderbolts, and one of the saviors of Equestria, was wetting herself uncontrollably. Ponies were staring at her, and she blushed with embarrassment, all too aware of the hissing sound emanating from her and the rapidly expanding puddle she was standing in.

She couldn't stand anymore, and sat down, her rear end splashing into her puddle, and still peeing. As humiliating as this was, she couldn't deny the relief felt really good after holding so much in for so long. The warm wetness that soaked her lower half also felt good too. Almost... arousing.

"Ahhhhhh, that's better," said Rainbow Dash, still peeing.

Applejack ran over to Rainbow Dash, stepping in her puddle, backing away, and staring at the pegasus as she continued to soak herself, blushing but looking as though she was enjoying it. She felt bad for Rainbow Dash, and wished she had let her go before the game, delaying the game just a minute to spare Rainbow Dash total humiliation. Except... Dashie looked like she was having fun wetting herself.

She peed for just under three minutes, at the end of which she was sitting in a huge puddle and her cute skintight shorts were completely drenched. She let out an immense sigh of relief now that her bladder was completely empty. Then the realization that she had peed herself in front of several ponies, including Applejack, hit her, and she blushed beet red.

"It's all right Rainbow Dash," said Applejack, and she helped the pee-soaked mare get to her feet. "Let's get you home."

They boarded the train that went back to Ponyville. There were no other ponies in the car. Rainbow Dash sat in her wet shorts, still feeling ashamed.

"I'm sorry ah wouldn't let you go before," said Applejack.

"It's all right," said Rainbow Dash. She was still embarrassed, but she had secretly enjoyed the feeling of peeing herself, and now she knew Applejack wouldn't think any less of her for it.

"Remember our deal. You can have all the cider you want today."

Rainbow Dash was feeling much better already.

When they reached Ponyville, Rainbow Dash flew high in the air to Sweet Apple Acres, avoiding being seen. Afterward, she drank 20 cups of cider.

When Rainbow returned to her house, she felt she needed to pee again. Though not nearly as badly as last time, she sat on the toilet, without pulling her shorts down, and began peeing.

Fluttershy's Desperation

Fluttershy chugged down glass after glass of water.

It was a hot summer day, and she had just finished a game of buckball with Rainbow Dash and Applejack, with Pinkie Pie on her team. So, naturally, she was very thirsty. Applejack poured several cups of cider from a barrel she brought with her, and they all drank several cups of cider. Fluttershy drank ten glasses of water and six cups of cider.

After shaking Rainbow Dash's hoof, Fluttershy returned to her cottage to feed her pets, and see that they were all doing all right. This took about a half hour.

Once she was done, she made her way to the train station, for she had volunteered to enter Rarity's fashion show in Manehattan. She felt nervous about going onstage, but at least this time she knew there would be many other ponies onstage with her, which was a lot easier for her, since she didn't have much difficulty with the fashion show alongside her friends for the dresses Rarity designed for the gala.

Fluttershy and Rarity sat together on the train as it started its journey to Manehattan. Only a few minutes into the train ride, did Fluttershy realize she needed to pee. She realized that she had forgotten to take her morning pee today, and all she had drank after the buckball game had gone through her. She held it in, too shy to tell Rarity she needed to use the bathroom, and hoping she'd get the chance at Manehattan.

They reached Manehattan, and went to the building where the fashion show was taking place. Fluttershy glanced toward a bathroom they walked by, but was too shy to ask Rarity to stop.

Rarity showed Fluttershy and two other mares the outfits they were to wear. The other two mares picked their outfits first, leaving Fluttershy with a skintight sparkly purple bodysuit. Fluttershy put it on with difficulty, concealing her need to pee.

Rarity's team would be going onstage last, with four other sets of ponies going before her. The fourth of which was Suri Polomare's team. As Suri walked by Rarity after her turn, she sneered at her and said "Your stupid outfits will never beat mine." She kicked Fluttershy in the butt, nearly causing her to lose it, but she held it in.

Fluttershy and the other mares went onstage. Fluttershy was very nervous. She knew the attention would be shared with the ponies on either side of her, but if she peed in Rarity's outfit onstage, it would be unbelievable humiliation for her!

Soon, she walked off the stage, and Prim Hemline declared Rarity the winner. As Rarity took her trophy, Fluttershy seized the opportunity and ran to the nearest bathroom. Once inside, she saw to her dismay that the stalls were all full. Fluttershy didn't want to keep Rarity waiting, so after waiting for about half a minute, she ran back outside to rejoin Rarity.

Fluttershy was very uncomfortable for the train ride back. Rarity didn't notice, because she was too satisfied at having won the fashion show, and Fluttershy was concealing her desperation, trying hard not to fidget.

"Fluttershy, darling, you can change out of that outfit if you want," said Rarity. "It is a hot day."

"Um..." Fluttershy hadn't removed it because she was afraid she might pee if she tried to take it off. But, she wanted to hide her desperation. "I want to wear this all day as a symbol of how amazing your fashion designs are."

"Aw, that's so sweet."

Fluttershy bit her lower lip. She had always been too shy to say when she needed to pee, resulting in her holding for extended periods of time. Usually she could hold it for a long time, but one time after a cider drinking contest with Rainbow Dash three years ago, she had peed in her bunny costume after passing up numerous chances to go due to her bladder shyness. Fortunately she had been right next to a river and deliberately fallen into it, so that no one had ever known. Her holding capacity had increased since then, but she wasn't sure how long she could hold for.

Finally, the train arrived at Ponyville. Fluttershy ran toward her cottage.

"Fluttershy!" came a voice. She turned to see Rainbow Dash. "Wanna do an aerial relay with me? I'm racing against Spitfire and Soarin at Cloudsdale!"

Fluttershy didn't want to race. She wanted to find a bathroom. But she couldn't disappoint Rainbow Dash, and she was too shy to say why she refused. "I... I'd love to."

Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash flew to Cloudsdale. Fluttershy trying her hardest to hold it in.

"Why are you wearing that outfit?" said Rainbow Dash.

"It was for Rarity's fashion show," said Fluttershy. "And she won. I'll wear this with pride for the rest of the day."

"Suit yourself," said Rainbow Dash.

They reached Cloudsdale, and stood at the side of the arena.

"There's still a few minutes before the race," said Rainbow Dash. "I have to go to the bathroom." She ran into the bathroom.

Fluttershy wished there was another bathroom close by so she could go without making a fuss.

Once Rainbow Dash was out, she said "Do you need to go to the bathroom too?"

"I..." Fluttershy blushed a little. This was her chance, but... "I'm fine."

"All right, then let's go!" said Rainbow Dash, flying to her starting position.

Fluttershy flew to the start of the race beside Soarin, regretting her decision to not use the bathroom.

"Ready... get set... go!" said the announcer.

Fluttershy and Soarin took off. Soarin was a Wonderbolt, one of the greatest flyers in Equestria, and most ponies wouldn't be a match for him, especially Fluttershy.

But Fluttershy needed to pee really badly. Desperate to finish the race and find relief, she flew faster than she usually would, and was only slightly beside Soarin when she reached Rainbow Dash and gave her the horseshoe. Rainbow Dash won the race.

As Rainbow Dash claimed her trophy, Fluttershy sneaked off to the bathroom, only to find it was lined up with ponies that had been sitting there for over an hour waiting for the show. She stood in line for a bit, but upon seeing Rainbow Dash fly back with her trophy in search of her, she walked back over to her.

"Wow, you flew pretty fast," said Rainbow Dash.

"I... I knew you really wanted to win," said Fluttershy. Her outfit was soaked with sweat, but she knew it would still be noticeable if she peed herself.

Rainbow and Fluttershy flew back to Ponyville, and by the time they arrived, the summer heat had evaporated all the sweat off Fluttershy's outfit. Fluttershy ran toward her cottage, hoping to get to the bathroom this time.

"Surprise!" said Pinkie Pie, jumping out with some balloons and streamers.

Fluttershy was startled, and nearly wet herself there, but she just managed to hold it in.

"I'm throwing a spontaneous and random party at Sugarcube Corner, and you're invited!" said Pinkie Pie, giving an invitation to Fluttershy.

"When it this?" said Fluttershy.

"Right now!"

"All right." She really needed to pee, but she didn't want to disappoint Pinkie Pie, and would probably have a chance to use the bathroom at the party.

They walked to Sugarcube Corner, and the festivities of the party began. Or rather continued, since Pinkie had noticed Fluttershy walk by and ran over to invite her.

During Pin the Tail on the Pony, Fluttershy quietly tiptoed to the bathroom, but found it occupied. She sat in view of the bathroom door, fidgeting a little as her need to pee grew by the minute.

Lyra Heartstrings came out of the bathroom, and Fluttershy was about to go next when Shoeshine ran into the bathroom. Fluttershy waited for her to come out, feeling the pressure grow more.

"Hey, Fluttershy!" said Pinkie Pie. "Wanna try some cake?"

Fluttershy couldn't refuse. Pinkie cut a slice of cake for her, which was delicious, but she couldn't fully enjoy it with how badly she needed to pee. Once she was done, and she noticed Shoeshine in the room, Fluttershy made her way to the bathroom again, but it was occupied once more.

Before whoever was in could come out, Pinkie called her over to Twilight Sparkle reading a Daring Do book to them. Once she was done, the party was over.

Fluttershy decided she would run back to her cottage and use the bathroom there, for she wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it for.

"Fluttershy," said Twilight, "I'm going to Canterlot to preside over an animal event. Would you like to come?"

"An animal event?" said Fluttershy. She couldn't say no. "I'd love to!"

They boarded the train for Canterlot, and once again Fluttershy was too shy to use the bathroom on the train. So she held it in and hid all signs of her desperation from Twilight.

When they reached Canterlot, Twilight led Fluttershy to the garden. Fluttershy wasn't sure of what Twilight was doing, or what the event was about, but Twilight told her she could play with the animals. Fluttershy did so for about five minutes, until a jolt from her bladder reminded her how badly she needed to pee. She ran to the nearest bathroom, but once again, all the stalls were full.

She returned to the animals and played with them for another half hour, having fun and forgetting her need to pee for a while.

Until she leaked a bit into her skintight outfit. Fluttershy let out a small whimper. She knew she couldn't hold it much longer. So, she walked up to Twilight, positioning her legs so that the damp spot on her outfit wasn't visible.

"Um... Twilight... there's something I forgot to do back at my cottage. I hope it's all right if I leave."

"Sure," said Twilight. "You can always come back when you want."

Fluttershy quickly ran to the train station. The train wasn't coming for another five minutes, and Fluttershy waited impatiently for it to get here, pee dancing. About a minute before the train's arrival, she remembered the train station had a bathroom, and ran to it, but found it occupied.

Then the train arrived, and Fluttershy ran onto it. With no one to tell of her need to pee, she quickly ran to the train's bathroom, but to her horror it had the dreaded "Out of Order" sign on it. Fluttershy whimpered and sat back down. No one else was on the train so she fidgeted hard with her legs crossed tight. She really needed to go.

After what felt like hours, the train reached Ponyville, and Fluttershy ran to her cottage.

"Fluttershy!" came Applejack's voice. Fluttershy turned as Applejack ran over to her.

"Yes, Applejack?" said Fluttershy, trying to ignore the throbbing in her aching bladder.

"Some damn beavers are making a dam at Sweet Apple Acres," said Applejack. "Can you get them to stop?"

"Of course," said Fluttershy, feeling very uncomfortable. She leaked a little more when they reached the dam, at the sight of the water there.

Fluttershy walked over to the beavers.

"Please stop making the dam at Sweet Apple Acres," she said, trying to keep the desperation out of her voice. "It really doesn't go a lot of good for the ponies living there."

The beavers cursed at her.

"I SAID STOP!" said Fluttershy. She put both her hooves over her mouth, but the beavers took down their dam and ran.

"Thank you kindly, Fluttershy," said Applejack.

"Don't mention it," said Fluttershy, and she ran.

She raced back to her cottage as fast as her legs could carry her, dribbling the whole way. The crotch of her outfit was wet, but not soaked, as she finally reached her cottage.

Just as she was making a break for her door, a humongous dragon flew by just above her.

Fluttershy froze. This dragon meant no harm, and was just doing a peaceful fly-by, but Fluttershy was still terrified of big dragons. She trembled with fear as she began peeing herself uncontrollably. She could feel the crotch and back legs of her skintight bodysuit become soaked, and within seconds she was standing in a huge puddle.

She peed for just under two minutes. The dragon was long gone, and Fluttershy sighed of relief, both that the dragon was out of sight, and that her bladder was empty.

It then hit her that she had wet herself. Again. Her outfit was soaked and she was standing in her own puddle of piss. She sat down in her puddle, blushing beet red with shame, and began to sob.

She quickly pulled herself together, reminding herself that no one had seen her accident. It was hardly the first time, and she'd gotten over that too. She allowed herself to enjoy the relief of her empty bladder after holding it in for so long, and then entered her cottage, made her way to the bathroom, and started a bubble bath.

She'd make sure to wash this outfit thoroughly for Rarity, and she'd tell her that she wanted it to be completely clean because it had gotten a little sweaty during her race with Rainbow Dash. For it had been, and Rarity was fussy about that. She felt much better knowing that no one would ever know.

And, a part of her had secretly enjoyed wetting herself.

Pinkie Pie's Desperation

Pinkie Pie was hanging out with Discord at Sugarcube Corner, for they both found each others' antics to be fun.

"Wanna try the cake?" said Pinkie Pie, handing him a huge cake.

"It looks delicious!" said Discord, as he took it.

He was about to bite into the cake when it exploded, showering him with frosting.

"Gotchya!" said Pinkie, who had rigged the cake to explode.

Discord chuckled, for he found it amusing.

"But there's cakes that aren't gonna explode in the pantry over there."

Discord walked over to it and opened the door, but a bucket of water fell on him. Pinkie fell on her back and laughed harder. Discord laughed a little more too.

"Wanna try some cupcakes?" said Pinkie, holding out a tray.

Discord stuffed one cupcake into his mouth and swallowed it whole, and immediately started breathing fire, for Pinkie Pie had put hot sauce on the cupcakes instead of frosting. He quickly drank some water, and laughed with Pinkie at her latest prank.

"Your pranks are really sneaky, Pinkie Pie!" said Discord. "I'm gonna have to top that sometime!"

...

The next day, Pinkie Pie put on skintight teal shorts and a yellow tank top, and began exercising.

She took a break, dripping with sweat, and as she was about to start again, a sudden urge to pee hit her. Was this the five sodas she had drank this morning? It didn't matter - she needed to go!

Pinkie zipped into her bathroom, and paused. She must have ran into the wrong room, for instead of a bathroom with a sink, bathtub, and toilet, there was an open field with a running waterfall. The sound of running water made her uncomfortable, but she decided she'd just go for a swim and pee in the water. She ran toward the river at the bottom of the waterfall, but hit an invisible barrier and fell on her butt. She banged on the barrier for about a minute, and, realizing she wasn't going to the river anytime soon, exited the room.

She looked for her bathroom, feeling her need to pee increase every minute, but she couldn't find it. It had to be the first door she checked. Someone had changed her bathroom into... she didn't know what it was, but it definitely wasn't a bathroom anymore!

She left Sugarcube Corner to look for another bathroom somewhere, and then ask Twilight to fix her bathroom. She found an outhouse, and tried to open the door, but it was locked, as the outhouse was occupied.

Pinkie didn't want to waste more time finding an outhouse. She was close to the train station, and she could hear the train coming in, so she boarded the train, deciding to use its bathroom.

As soon as the train took off, Pinkie zipped toward the train bathroom, but to her dismay it had an "Out of Order" sign on it. Pinkie returned to her seat and fidgeted, crossing her legs.

By now the sweat had evaporated off her outfit.

Pinkie was so focused on how badly she needed to pee that she hadn't been paying attention to where the train was headed. The train arrived at its destination - Appleoosa! Pinkie raced out of the train to find an outhouse. She ran toward the spot where she knew the nearest outhouse was, but it was lined up. Pinkie stood in line, doing the pee dance, but the ponies in front always took between three and five minutes, and there were ten ponies in front of her at the start.

By the time there were only five ponies in line besides her, Pinkie felt a jolt in her bladder. She didn't want to wait in line, so she ran toward the next closest outhouse. She was relieved that there was no lineup - but when she got close she saw an "Out of Order" sign.

She ran to the third outhouse in Appleoosa, and felt a little better seeing there was neither a sign nor a line. However, she found that the door was locked. It was occupied.

Pinkie would have to find a bathroom somewhere else! She quickly ran back onto the train, feeling more desperate by the second. She ran to the train's bathroom again, hoping it would be available this time, but the "Out of Order" sign was still up. So she returned to her seat and fidgeted even harder, crossing her legs as tight as she could.

After a VERY uncomfortable train ride, the train arrived at its next destination - Manehattan.

At a speed to rival Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie zipped to the nearest outhouse. To her immense relief, the door opened. Pinkie entered the outhouse - only to find that there was no toilet inside.

"WHAT?!?" exclaimed Pinkie Pie, feeling ten times more uncomfortable now that relief had been snatched from her at the last second.

She decided to go to a restaurant. It would have a bathroom, and she was feeling a little hungry. And thirsty.

Entering the restaurant, Pinkie ordered her meal, and a large glass of soda. She didn't care how much it would make her have to pee later, for she could use the bathroom right now.

Once the waiter left, Pinkie ran into the restaurant bathroom. All the stalls were empty, much to her relief. She was finally going to relieve herself and there was nothing that could stop her.

Pinkie entered the stall, sat on the toilet, and began to pee.

She had just peed for three seconds, and was about to sigh in relief, when suddenly the toilet disappeared, and Pinkie fell on her butt. She quickly stopped peeing and looked around. "Hey, what gives?"

She pulled her shorts back up and checked the other stalls. All their toilets were gone. There was something very fishy going on around here, but at the moment she didn't care what was causing it - she REALLY needed to go!

Pinkie returned to her table, fidgeting the entire time. Her meal of hay burgers and cake arrived, along with her soda. After wolfing down her food, she guzzled her soda in one gulp. She knew she'd regret it later, but she was really thirsty.

After paying the bill, Pinkie ran to the next outhouse, but found about eleven ponies in line for it. She wasn't sure she would make it if she stood in line that long, so she returned to the train.

Again, she found the train bathroom to be out of order. During the train ride, she could feel her need to pee increase drastically. The soda had already gone through her. Pinkie was more desperate than she had ever been in her life, and knew she was going to have an accident if she didn't find relief soon!

The train arrived in Ponyville. Pinkie wasn't sure what she could do. Her bathroom wasn't working, but there was always the hope there would be an outhouse available.

"Hey, Pinkie Pie!" said Rainbow Dash as she, Applejack, and Fluttershy walked up to her. "The three of us were just saying we should play some buckball with you, just for fun! You in?"

"You bet! Sounds like fun!" Pinkie had briefly forgotten how badly she needed to pee, because she loved playing any game with her friends and was never one to miss an opportunity to do so. She instantly regretted this, but felt it was too late to turn back now!

They made their way to a field. Pinkie Pie was on Fluttershy's team as usual, but Pinkie's extreme desperation prevented her from playing to her full potential. The pressure in her bladder grew heavier and heavier as the game progressed, and the pee sloshing inside her was very uncomfortable. At one point, she hit the ball with her rump, causing her to leak a bit.

"Pinkie Pie, what the hay is going on?" said Rainbow Dash. "You're usually so good at this!"

"I really, really, REALLY need to pee, like, REALLY badly!" said Pinkie. Her shorts were damp with sweat, and a little damper on the crotch where she had leaked.

"Why didn't you say so?" said Applejack. "There's an outhouse over there."

Pinkie ran into the outhouse without a moment's hesitation, only to find something that left her both puzzled and frustrated.

In place of a toilet was a hologram of a fountain. The sound of its running water made her leak a little more.

Pinkie ran outside the outhouse.

"That was fast," said Rainbow Dash.

"There's no toilet in there!" said Pinkie.

Applejack looked inside the outhouse. "Yes there is."

Pinkie ran into the outhouse again, but the fountain hologram was still there. She ran back outside and found a bush. She ran behind the bush and tried to pull her shorts off, but for some reason they wouldn't come off! She pulled as hard as she could, but it wouldn't work. Maybe it was how sweaty she was, though her shorts were only damp, they were far from soaked, and it would be very noticeable if she wet herself.

Pinkie leaked a little more, and she let out a frustrated groan and ran back to Ponyville.

Applejack watched her run. "Ah don't know what's gotten into her."

"She's just being Pinkie Pie," said Rainbow Dash.

Fluttershy giggled.

Pinkie decided to use a bathroom in Twilight's castle. It would be cooler inside, and the sweat had evaporated off her by now. Twilight, Spike, and Starlight were away at the time, but this was partly her castle too.

As she ran, she felt like she was about to burst. She couldn't hold on much longer.

She ran into the nearest bathroom in Twilight's castle, but its toilet was gone. She ran into the second bathroom, but in place of a toilet was a boulder. She ran into the third bathroom, and saw the toilet there. Feeling relieved, she made her way toward the toilet, but it suddenly turned into a miniature tree.

Pinkie could hold it no longer. She began wetting her shorts, sighing in relief at the feeling of the warm wetness soaking her crotch and her back legs. Rivers of pee gushed down her legs and a puddle rapidly grew under her.

It felt a little embarrassing to pee herself like this, but Pinkie had done lots of weird things, and she really enjoyed this feeling. She also took great pleasure in the immense relief at letting go after holding it in so long. She even felt a little aroused.

She peed for just under three minutes, and was almost disappointed when she was done. "Ahhhhh, that's better."

In a flash of light, Discord appeared. "Gotchya!" he said, and the tree turned back into a toilet. He also made Pinkie's puddle disappear, but her shorts and legs remained wet.

"I don't get it," said Pinkie.

"Your sudden need to pee? All the bathrooms either being lined up, occupied, out of order, or toilets missing? How you couldn't get your shorts down? I was behind it all! It was all a prank, to try to top yours!"

Pinkie giggled. "Well, you sure did! It was pretty funny!"

"Should I do it to Rainbow Dash sometime?"

"Go for it! She will try to hit you with bigger pranks in return."

"Bring it on!"

"But, never, ever, EVER do that to Fluttershy!"

"Of course I won't. I'd never do that to her." And he meant it, for he knew how sensitive Fluttershy was. "Want me to dry you off?"

"No, I'm fine," said Pinkie, and she cheerfully bounced back to Sugarcube Corner, not caring how many background ponies saw her.

Twilight's Desperation

Twilight Sparkle woke up one morning. She remembered today was reshelving day, so she immediately got out of bed and started to reshelve them. She was so fixated on this she had forgotten to take her morning pee.

Once she was done, she looked at the clock. It was just time for her and her friends to race.

Rarity had insisted they wear lovely sporty outfits of her design for the race, so Twilight put on a sports outfit consisting of skintight black compression shorts and a dark blue shirt, and then made her way to the racetrack.

She hadn't had anything to drink today, and it was a hot summer day, so she drank five glasses of water before the race.

The racetrack was not circular - it was a long path, similar to the Running of the Leaves, and Spike waited at the finish line to see who would win.

Twilight ran, initially walking at a steady pace, until she was sure the race was about to end, and then she ran faster. The track was longer than she had anticipated, so she ran at maximum speed for about ten minutes. Rainbow Dash still won, with Applejack second, and Pinkie Pie third. Twilight did overtake Fluttershy and Rarity before crossing the finish line.

Exhausted, dripping with sweat, and very thirsty, Twilight drank about 20 glasses of water, and ten mugs of cider provided by Applejack.

"Congratulations, Rainbow Dash," said Twilight. "What time is it?"

"It's about time for the big event in Canterlot."

"Right, the one where I have to just stand and smile and wave."

Spike hopped on Twilight's back and she flew toward the train. It was a pretty long flight with how long their racetrack was. Twilight didn't fly too terribly fast though, relaxing after such a tiring race. During the flight, her sweat-soaked outfit dried off.

They boarded the train just as it was about to leave. Early into the train ride, Twilight realized she needed to pee, since she had drank a lot today. She got up and walked to the train bathroom, but to her dismay it was out of order. So she returned to the seat and sat down, fidgeting a little.

They reached Canterlot, and Spike stood at Twilight's side. She stood on a balcony, and important ponies walked by. Whenever they did, Twilight would smile and wave, though she really did not feel like smiling OR waving. Her need to pee was becoming greater, fast! She hoped this event would not last long so she could find a bathroom before the next event she had planned for the day, a buckball game in Appleoosa that she was to attend.

At one point, Twilight forgot to smile and wave, until Spike slapped her butt, and she smiled and waved at the pony that walked by.

The event lasted an hour, and Twilight held it in the entire time, becoming more uncomfortable each minute. Once the event was done, Twilight looked at the clock. The Buckball game was about a half hour away - the length of the train ride there.

Twilight returned to the train with Spike, and decided to try the bathroom again, hoping it was working again. Sadly, the sign was still there. Twilight moaned in extreme discomfort and sat back down, fidgeting more.

"Twilight, are you OK?" said Spike.

"I'm fine," said Twilight. "Why wouldn't I be?"

"You look like you really need to go to the bathroom!"

Twilight blushed. "I can hold it."

"I hope so," said Spike. "It would be SO embarrassing for a princess to wet herself!"

After an uncomfortable journey of fidgeting, the train reached Appleoosa, and Twilight sat at the guest of honor position in the bleachers while Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy played buckball against Braeburn's team again. Both of them had had a lot to drink after the race, yet neither of them were showing any signs of discomfort, and they were playing as well as they usually did. It was obvious they had found an opportunity to use the bathroom.

Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy, and Snails won, and Twilight immediately ran to an outhouse, only to find it lined up. She didn't want to wait in line; she had more things to do, such as stock up on items she needed at the store.

Twilight and Spike returned to the train. Twilight checked the train bathroom again. Still out of order. She crossed her legs and fidgeted harder. She really needed to go, but she wasn't about to find relief anytime soon!

Upon reaching Ponyville, Twilight raced to the store. She picked out a cart, and saw the bathroom just as she entered. She was sure she could spare a minute or two to go to the bathroom here before buying her supplies. She entered the bathroom, but found each stall to be full. She waited for the sound of a toilet flushing, doing the pee dance the entire time, but when the flush never came, she ran out of the bathroom.

"Well?" said Spike.

"I can hold it a little while longer," said Twilight. "Let's get what we need."

She found the items she needed and put them in her cart, including many quills and scrolls. Once she had picked up the last item, she walked to the checkout, deciding that she would use the bathroom before checking everything out, leaving Spike to guard the cart.

Until she saw a big line at the checkout. Twilight groaned. At this rate, she couldn't spare a second or she'd be late for a trade exchange in Fillydelphia she was to preside over. She wished she hadn't offered to take up the job, and let Luna take it instead.

Twilight did the pee dance the entire time she was in line, her desperation growing each minute. She had to pee so badly, and she didn't know how much longer she could hold it.

After what seemed like hours, Twilight reached the front, and paid for her items. After dropping them off at the castle, she quickly raced to the train, which was just about to leave.

She checked the train bathroom again, and groaned loudly when it was still out of order. So, she sat with her legs crossed tight, squirming the entire time.

She reached Fillydelphia just as the exchange was about to begin. She stood on the podium, overseeing the trade exchange and waiting for a pony to come to her with a complaint, which they never did. She wondered if princesses usually wore sports outfits to exchanges like this, but she had been too busy - and too desperate - to change out of it.

"How long is this exchange again?" said Twilight, unable to keep the desperation out of her voice.

"Three hours," said Spike.

Twilight moaned, and stood for the full three hours, initially keeping her desperation hidden, but after the first hour, she was frantically doing the pee dance, waves of pee sloshing around inside her.

"You know," said Spike when there were only 30 minutes left, "no one's coming. You can go to the bathroom here."

Twilight raced around the exchange and found an outhouse, but it was occupied. She ran back to the podium, and Spike could guess what was up from her continued discomfort.

"Was it occupied or out of order?"

"Occupied."

"You can just wait until it's unoccupied."

"What if someone wants to settle an unfair trade before I get back?"

"They won't."

"But what if they do?"

"I'll tell them you'll be back."

Twilight felt another jolt in her bladder. "All right. I'll be right back!"

She ran toward the outhouse again, but it was lined up with five ponies this time. She waited for her turn, doing the pee dance, but by the time there was only one pony in front of her, she didn't want to stay away too long so she ran back to the podium.

"What was it this time?"

"A line. It was too long! I couldn't wait that long!" She continued pee dancing.

Eventually, the exchange ended, and Twilight and Spike got back on the train, finding the outhouse to be out of order again.

After a long fidgety ride, the train reached Ponyville, and Twilight ran to her castle as fast as she could.

"TWILIGHT!" came a voice.

Twilight looked up as Rainbow Dash flew over to her.

"The flyer's competition in Cloudsdale is about to start, and Princess Celestia would like you to preside over it!"

"Can't she do it herself?" said Twilight. "I REALLY have to go!"

"I could tell her, but then she'd get there late."

Twilight groaned, and flew to Cloudsdale with Rainbow Dash. The pressure in her bladder grew heavier during the flight, and she was afraid she could wet herself at any second. She wished she had used the bathroom immediately at the trade exchange.

What's the point? Twilight thought. We all know Rainbow Dash is going to win! Why do they even need a princess there?

As they reached Cloudsdale, Rainbow Dash said "It's still a few minutes before the show. You can go to the bathroom now."

Twilight ran toward the nearest bathroom, but it was lined up. She frantically danced around while waiting for her turn, but just as there was one pony left in front of her, she could hear the announcer say the competition was about to begin, so she reluctantly flew over to her seat in the bleachers.

She fidgeted the entire time, barely able to pay attention to the competition. She sat in her extreme discomfort for an hour. Rainbow Dash was number 15, and she performed the Sonic Rainboom, winning first prize. Twilight would usually take in how lovely the Sonic Rainboom was, but she had to pee too badly to appreciate it.

"Rainbow Dash is best flyer once again!" said Twilight, and she immediately flew back to Ponyville, hoping to get to her castle and use the bathroom NOW!

As soon as she reached the castle, Starlight came out. "Twilight, there you are! Ember and Thorax are already here."

Twilight groaned. She forgot she was scheduled to attend a summit with Ember and Thorax at her castle. She entered the castle and made her way to a room where Ember and Thorax were sitting at a circular table, a little smaller than the map.

They talked about pony, dragon, and changeling affairs, and their alliances, for about an hour, while Twilight continued to squirm, in desperate need of a bathroom.

Her desperation was easily noticeable.

"Twilight," said Ember, "if you have to go, just go! We'll be waiting till you get back."

Relieved, Twilight immediately ran to the nearest bathroom, just as Pinkie Pie was walking out.

"I wouldn't go in there," said Pinkie Pie. "I just clogged the toilet!"

Twilight groaned and ran to the second nearest bathroom, but it was locked. She knocked on the door.

"Give me a minute," came Starlight's voice.

Twilight did the pee dance more frantically for about a minute, until she decided she had been away from Ember and Thorax for too long. She didn't want to be late for her next event. Hopefully the summit would end with enough time for her to relieve herself before the next - and last - item on the agenda.

She rejoined Ember and Thorax at the table. "I can hold it," she said, although she wasn't sure she could.

Before long, it was only a minute until the next train to Canterlot - the one that would arrive just in time for Twilight's last scheduled event, a meeting with the other princesses at Canterlot.

"This has all been wonderful, but I have to go to Canterlot right now!" She didn't mean to say it like this, but Ember and Thorax understood how desperate she was, and nodded.

Spike stayed behind to catch up with Ember, while Twilight boarded the train, Twilight hoping with all her heart the train bathroom would be fixed, but it wasn't. Her need to pee became even greater, and she could not believe she had held it this long.

Twilight reached Canterlot, and looked at the clock. The meeting was about to begin, so there was no time to go to the bathroom. She raced to the castle as fast as she could, and burst into the room where the meeting was taking place. Celestia, Luna, and Cadence were sitting around a table.

"I'm here!" said Twilight, sitting down in the only empty seat.

"Right on time," said Celestia. "Now, as you know, the Summer Sun Celebration is coming up."

As they talked about plans for the Summer Sun Celebration, Twilight squirmed harder than ever, whimpering a bit as she leaked into her shorts.

"Twilight, do you need to use the bathroom?" said Celestia. Stupid question - it was pretty obvious.

Twilight nodded her head, still fidgeting.

"You can go to the bathroom if you need to," said Celestia. "We're in no rush to finish this."

Feeling immensely grateful, Twilight ran to the nearest bathroom. As fate would have it, all the stalls were full. The ponies inside were taking their sweet time. Twilight did the pee dance more frantically than ever for five minutes, leaking at one point, without hearing the sound of a flush. She decided, again, to return to the princesses' side to avoid wasting their time.

A toilet flushed as soon as she was out of the bathroom.

"Feeling better, Twilight?" said Celestia once Twilight had returned.

"No," said Twilight. "But I can hold it." The princesses hadn't noticed the wet spot on her shorts, likely because they were black.

The other princesses avoided saying too much to Twilight, deciding that Celestia and Luna would mainly be in charge here. Twilight was grateful to this, for she didn't think she'd be able to catch whatever she had to do when she needed to pee so badly.

At long last, the meeting was over. Twilight ran to the bathroom, but by chance the stalls were full again, so with a frustrated groan she returned to the train.

The train bathroom was still out of order. Twilight sat with her legs crossed tighter than ever, fidgeting as hard as she could, for she was about to burst.

As the train got near Ponyville just as the sun was setting, she saw a pony walking back with the "Out of Order" sign in his mouth. At last, the bathroom was working again. Twilight immediately ran to the bathroom, but found it occupied. She waited just outside the bathroom, pee dancing as usual, but the train arrived in Ponyville before the pony inside was finished.

So Twilight immediately took off toward her castle. Once inside, she ran to the nearest bathroom, only to find Spike using a plunger on the clogged toilet. She had hoped this would be taken care of already. She started to run to the next bathroom, but leaked a little more. Not wanting to run all the way to the next bathroom, she quickly returned to the bathroom Spike was inside.

"Hurry up!" Twilight said, frantically pee dancing.

"Really, you still haven't gone to the bathroom yet?" said Spike. "I never knew a pony could hold it in for almost a whole day!"

Twilight just danced more frantically, dribbling a bit into her shorts.

"I think it's done!" said Spike about five minutes later.

Twilight couldn't wait, for she was at her limit, and her shorts were already a little wet.

As Spike flushed the toilet to be sure it was usable again, Twilight lost control. Another leak made its way out of her, which turned into a steady stream that only grew stronger and stronger. Twilight tried to stop, but she couldn't. She was peeing herself in front of Spike. Spike couldn't help but laugh, while Twilight blushed with embarrassment.

The warm wetness soaked her shorts, flowing in torrents down her legs, and forming a massive puddle under her. Twilight sat down, still peeing, and hanging her head in shame. The relief felt so wonderful, and something about the warm wetness felt a little good too. She would have enjoyed this if it wasn't such a humiliating situation.

She peed for about a minute and fifty seconds, and by the time she was done, her skintight black shorts were completely drenched, and she was sitting in a huge puddle, her face beet red.

"Maybe next time you won't plan so many events so close to each other!" said Spike.

"You're right," said Twilight. "I'll try to space them out a bit more next time. And take my morning pee. And not run a race like that at the beginning of such a busy day." She stood up, still a little embarrassed but feeling better, partly because of the relief and how much she had secretly liked the feeling.

"You did look kind of cute wetting yourself like that," said Spike, chuckling a bit and patting her pee-soaked tush.

Twilight blushed, but giggled a bit and went into her main bathroom to take a long bubblebath.

...

Whatever you do, DON'T quote the original post in the reply, cause it'll be really long!

*003*2017-11-21 21:43

So many people fetishize the ponies all the time, just in different ways, so why is it so rare for people with omorashi fetishes to be interested in the ponies?

Also, did you have a favorite story, or were they all equally good?

*006*2017-11-22 02:58

Finally a second audience member. Glad I was able to hit a particular fetish with this.

I was feeling really down today but this comment cheered me up.

*007*2017-11-22 23:32

I know I said I'd write a story about four anime girls next, but I changed my mind. I don't feel like writing anymore.

*009*2017-11-24 00:04

{{10 hours ago, bedwetter33 said:

I'm also kinda into this stuff. I like the story you wrote. And I was going to say please write more but I read your comment on your not writting. Still a good fanfic though.

}}

Actually, I might write again. But maybe not for a bit.

*011*2017-11-24 20:29

{{11 hours ago, bedwetter33 said:

Take your time if you think of writing again. I don't mind waiting. Do what you can with it.

}}

Is it pony stories you want me to write more of, or just to write more in general? I was thinking of a story with four anime girls next, which, if I don't write it today, I won't get a chance to until maybe after Christmas

*013*2017-11-25 02:17

I just wrote one more, before I get back to other stuff. I'll still check in and comment.

*015*2017-11-25 09:01

{{4 hours ago, garageguy said:

I've been more into needing to pee alot and maybe losing control than specifically peeing into clothes, but ponies are frequent characters. Only read the Twilight one. Mostly because she was the first character I did with the above mentioned thing. Liked it alot (meaning: for a story that was somewhat off what I usually have liked, and I have been known to be picky on what I do and don't like, this was very enjoyable)! Great story, though I may not read the rest of them.

}}

Well, it would at least appeal through the "needing to pee a lot" section which makes up the majority, right?

*017*2017-11-27 00:24

Well, I'd say write whatever you want and maybe someone would be interested in it. Give it a shot and if no one reads it, it's only taking up one space.

*019*2017-11-27 03:46

You don't have to if you don't want to, especially if there's that high a risk of anyone finding out. (Maybe put it somewhere where no one would look)

I know the feeling though, I almost didn't submit my first fetish story to fimfiction.

*023*2018-01-06 20:41

@garageguy

Sorry for the late reply, I was busy with other stuff and didn't have time to check here

I'm not sure how to turn it into a story. Plus, if you've noticed, it doesn't interest me if they're not wearing something when they're peeing (or if they're wearing a diaper), though I could make some sort of case for Luna putting some bodysuit, shorts, or even panties on.

Maybe you should try it first. If you can't get it to work, let me know and I'll see what I can do.

