Shy bladder Yuri on ice

Author: Tormenta

*000*2017-12-24 09:51

First of all, sorry for my English, my native language is Spanish. If you see mistakes in grammar or spelling, do not hesitate to say it to correct it

Viktor was waiting for his little Yuuri at the airport, he was eager to meet up with the Japanese, so much that he had not stopped wandering around the place. He was really so anxious that he went three hours earlier to the airport and dedicated himself to drinking in a bar in the terminal until he saw that the time was approaching. On the flight he had 10 minutes left when he began to feel a slight pressure on his bladder. I watch the clock somewhat worried, go to the bathroom at the airport was discarded because he had a shy bladder and it would be unsuccessful, so I would have to wait an hour and a half to travel home, once Yuuri arrived. The megaphones announced the arrival of the plane and Yuuri did not take long to appear.

- Yuuriiiii welcome! - The mentioned one ran until giving him an effusive embrace followed by a tender kiss that did increase his need considerably, although nothing to worry about yet a 5/10 probably.

- Viktor! - His voice sounded cheerful and singing seemed happy to be in Russia with him - I missed you - The sound of the stomach of the Japanese heard a little high, had been 40 hours of flight but surely had eaten something on the plane - Can we go eat something? I have not eaten anything since ... I do not remember when I ate! - Yuuri started laughing a little blushed and Viktor could not deny him anything, he could still wait so they would go to eat first.

- Where does my little katsudon want to go? - The smaller one blushed a bit and Viktor hid his hand in his pants pocket while squeezing his crotch a bit.

- to a typical restaurant? I have never tried anything Russian. - So they did, just as Yuuri asked, they went to a nearby restaurant. It was really nice, they spent a while catching up, they had spent a couple of weeks apart while putting everything in order to leave a season. Viktor felt his bladder press against the belt, it was a small torture that was arranged by the Japanese despite that it was quite uncomfortable, all the liquid he had drunk was leaking too fast so he thought he lost nothing trying to go to the bathroom of the local.

He entered the bathroom of the restaurant, it was very clean, more than he would have thought and it was a closed place. He opened the tap in an attempt to help his situation and lowered his clothing ready to let out the jet. He placed a hand on the tile waiting a few minutes but got nothing. Even if he felt the pressure inside him, he could feel his bladder spread under his skin and the sound of the water was torturing him but his muscles did not relax. He tried to press his bladder but only managed to contort himself and greatly worsen the sensation.He left the place somewhat frustrated sitting again with Yuuri, felt his bladder in a 7/10 and began to be too restless, especially watching Yuuri drink so quiet.

Thank God it took a little while to get out of there and take the train home although in truth it was not a comfortable trip.

The rattle of the train was killing him, every movement felt his bladder move inside him. He had reached 8/10 and was very desperate drowning moans and groans that came at every slight movement of his. At least disguising was good for him. With his legs strongly crossed, his hands in his pockets to disguise the constant pressures to his crotch and a lively conversation with Yuuri, everything seemed to indicate that he would arrive home on the verge of exploding. Yuuri did not seem to notice the situation, he was a little sleepy from the trip and sitting by the window and leaning against it. With a bit of luck the Japanese would never find out about such a painful situation.

The train braked to a halt, waving at Vitor and Yuuri as a breakdown announcement sounded through the loudspeakers. I had to be kidding!

He felt the pressure inside his cock, but he fought with all his might against that.

- Nhg - Each of his muscles tensed trying to hold him - I go to the bathroom a moment - This time he went to urinate yes or yes, bought a bottle of water and entered the narrow cubicle, felt his wet underwear, it was easy only had that exceed your bladder. He opened the liter bottle and drank about half a bottle, his contortions were inevitable, he was dancing to avoid pissing on himself, he could not stand still. She lowered her clothes, surprised at how hard and bulky her bladder was under her skin. He closed his eyes trying to focus and ... Nothing. It hurt him, his low wind gave him punctures, he was dripping but he could not free himself. He pressed the bladder getting more drip and the odd jet that could not alleviate it. He could not help but moan with discomfort and pain.

- are you okay? - Yuuri sounded worried behind the door

- Uh ... Yes - Now he had to bend over to pull up his pants, he did it as slowly as he could but the train ripped off making him fall to his knees.- Ahhh- He lost control for a moment and his underwear gave evidence of it, A big jet had wet her and he was begging that it was only her underwear and when he got her pants up she was like that. Tried to maintain as much composure as possible while sitting down feeling with horror as the belt, although practically loose, tightened the area letting out a jet large enough to be seen and forcing the Russian to press with all the force he could his crotch

- Yuuriahhh - His call mingled with a moan, he had completely lost his composure and a powerful blush had seized him - I need to go - The appointed one looked surprised with a touch of concern. He seemed to have been quite clever.

- Are you okay? You have a strange time - Yuuri put his hand on the leg of the Russian and just left his mouth a sound of exclamation to notice the tension of this.

- Ahh god I do not need to go to the bathroom right now - Another jet escaped and Viktor got up writhing. - I'm going to do it over

- what?!

- Not how much more can I hold

- Let's go to the bathroom

- I can not do it outside the house, it's impossible for me! I'm going to explode ahhh - Yuuri took him by the hand and led him to the toilet very slowly.- Do not worry - Yuuri closed the door - Do not panic, distract yourself. - Yuuri stayed a moment in silence and then heard him lean against the door - Do you want to go tomorrow to do some sightseeing? Well, I guess you already know everything but I have not come never do not know what there is - Yuuri tried to calm him down, his voice was soft and calm, but it was useless, he had totally panicked. As he lowered his clothes and stopped squeezing, it began to drip, it was a continuous drip that indicated how full he was.

- Yuuriiii, it does not work - he heard the door open and close behind him.

- Sorry to invade your privacy, I'm an anxious person and this usually happens to me - it sounded very nervous in contrast as I spoke before - This is a bit unpleasant, but we are about to get to the station and you can not leave like this - Yuuri slowly placed his hands cold as ice on the bladder listening to Viktor moan and press a little. A jet came out, but nothing relieved the Russian's mad need to explode.

- God Viktor is very bloated, why have you been waiting ?! - Yuuri repeated the process and another stream came out and so a few more times without any noticeable result other than the moans and desperation of the biggest one that could not stop writhing - are you better now? - the train stopped, they had reached their destination, they had to get off.

- Not at all, but now I think I can hold up home. - Yuuri stroked his back slightly trying to comfort him.

- Let's go at your own pace, okay? As comfortable as you are - Víktor simply nodded feeling helpless and humbled by showing that face to his beloved, they still did not have that much confidence but Yuuri seemed to be handling the situation well, if he had panicked the disaster would have happened too. During the departure of the train the Japanese placed in front to prevent anyone could hit him and at the time was a support because the legs of the Russian were shaking.

- Viktor, I do not know where your house is - he soon took the directive guiding the other, they were slow for the number of times he needed to regain control. At least the house was close but each step was stress for him and torture for his bladder about to explode.

They were about to enter the house, the leaks began to wet Viktor's clothes in a very remarkable way, he had exceeded his limit and could not even move from the site.

- Yuuri, I can not walk - the Japanese did not hesitate and stretched the pole put it in the house

- Run! - He could not do anything else, pushing him inside unfortunately it was too much for his bladder. Before he could speak his contracted bladder painfully the first time he managed to hold it back by drowning a moan and trying to walk, the second contraction could not and exploded despite trying not to do it with all his might. He exploded before Yuuri and his legs wobbled to the floor

- Ahh - some tears ran down his cheeks feeling like his bladder emptied. Yuuri stroked his hair fondly and he closed his eyes feeling relieved by the horrible pressure that had been torturing him for almost five hours.

- Are you feeling better? You seemed to be having a very bad time - he kept stroking her hair quietly and ducked to his height to give her a small and almost shy kiss on the cheek.

- Ahhyyess ... Ssoorry for the pathetic show - The puddle of spread both on the floor and in his pants, there was a considerable amount of liquid.

- Nothing happens silly, next time do not get to this extreme

