Desperate in basic training

Author: TJC

*000*2014-11-16 05:24

Note: So i decided to make a fictional story about a girl desperate in the army. I apologise if any of what i wrote about is inaccurate, I do not know much about the military, i just enjoy desperation and thought this would be a neat scenario.

P.S. For those who don't know; "Fort Iroh" Is a reference to general Iroh from avatar the last airbender, and "sergeant Kaiba" is a reference to Seto Kaiba from YuGiOh.

Our story begins in Fort Iroh. Fort Iroh is a military base in the middle of Texas, where new recruits come to be trained. Now there was a big problem with fort iroh; it was a rather old base, a very old base, back from when the army was strictly for men, and no one ever dreamed of allowing females to join. This in mind, the base was originally constructed with only male latrines, two bathrooms in each company; one large, primary one with 15 stalls and twenty urinals, and a smaller one with 3 stalls and 10 urinals. Two male bathrooms seemed like an excellent idea at first because no females where ever on base. This all changed back in world war two when women were first allowed to join. The officers in charge of the base were faced with a choice; spend thousands renovating one of the bathrooms to remove the urinals and replace them with more toilets, or spend a couple bucks changing the male sign on the smaller latrine.

The officers, being the frugal guys they were, went with the second choice. At first, when there were minimal females in the army this wasn't too problematic. But as time progressed, more and more females joined, the lack of bathrooms grew more and more problematic until present day when the lack of bathrooms was downright cruelty. Companies had about 200 recruits, approximately 50 female and 150 male. The males had 15 toilets and 20 urinals which they could use. Not only that, but they could also pee outside when a sergeant wasn't present to see. Female on the other hand, had only 10 urinals which were useless, and 3 stalls. This led to insane amounts of desperation. No girl was lucky enough to leave basic training without at least once doing a frantic pee-pee dance, few were lucky enough to never leak a few drops, and a few unlucky souls were themselves completely.

The bugle sounded loudly at 06:00 on a sunny, Saturday morning. Private Newman rushed out of bed. Private Alexis Newman was a tall, skinny girl with beautiful blonde hair which she always tied back in a ponytail. Today was a very important day for her. Her platoon’s sergeant, sergeant Kaiba, had given everyone else in her platoon the day off. This was so he could train Newman one on one. Private Newman was an excellent recruit. She was obedient, knew tactics, and had great aim with rifles. There was however, one area where she lacked ability, fitness. Sergeant Kaiba noticed she was greatly behind everyone else with her fitness so he decided to take the day to train her personally as well as evaluate her skills more attentively.

Newman woke up, made her bed, tied her hair in a ponytail, and put on the standard issues physical training uniform, consisting of a black tank top, green combat pants, and black running shoes. She felt a small urge to pee. She checked her watch, 10 minutes until she had to see sergeant Kaiba. She rushed to the bathroom, hoping it would be free. Unfortunately for her, there were many girls waiting to relieve themselves as well. “Oh Shit! Um, excuse me.” Newman said to a girl at the front of the line of one of the stalls. “I have somewhere to be soon and I kinda gotta pee. You mind letting me cut in?”

“As if!” The girl replied sarcastically, holding her crotch. “We all gotta pee and be somewhere soon, wait your turn.” Newman was offended by the girl’s rudeness, but completely understood. Recruits were only given 15 minutes after waking to be formed up; all who weren’t would face harsh discipline. This was very little times to make their bed up to standard, get dressed to standard, and wait in a long line too pee. Any girl lucky enough to get a chance to pee would understandably not give it up. Newman knew there was no arguing with the girl so she rushed to see Kaiba, hoping he'd let her relieve herself.

Newman arrived at the designated location right on time and was greeted by Kaiba. “Greetings Private Newman.”

“Greetings sergeant.” Kaiba was a tall built man. He was exceptionally fit even for the army. He was a fairly kind sergeant but was not one for bullshit. Newman stood up straight in attention to allow for inspection. Kaiba immediately waived his hand signalling her to go at ease. “You know why I’ve called you here. You’re one of our best recruits, with the exception of your fitness.

So today I will send you on an obstacle course designed to train your fitness in combat situations. It is simple. First off, it consists of our mock minefield. Run through it carrying a rifle. If you step on any of our training mines, they will begin to blink red and when you are done the obstacle course, I’ll see how well you did. Next we have barbed wire, crawl under it. Not much to explain there. After that is the wall climb. You will be running on a track. Every so often there will be a wall to climb. The first five are short, the next five medium and the last 5 tall. And finally, the tire shuffle. If you’ve ever played football you’ll have done this. Walk putting one foot in each tire. You will be timed, do this as quickly as possible. Understood.”

“Yes sergeant!” The training track was long. It was positioned in a circle reaching around the base, so that when someone finished they ended up right where they started. “Now before you begin any questions?” Newman saw her chance to pee. “Um actually, yes sergeant. May I please…”

“Stretch!” Kaiba interrupted. “Of course you can! Oh how foolish of me to forget that. You’ll also need this.” Kaiba pulled out a large water bottle.”

“Oh that’s very generous, but I’m not thirsty. I’ll drink when I am.”

“You mean when you’re dehydrated?! Not on my watch, a good soldier is always hydrated, now drink up! That’s an order.”

“…Yes sergeant…”

Newman was panicking a little now. She still had to pee, and instead of letting her go pee, Kaiba made her stretch which would prolong the amount of time she had to hold for, and made her drink a huge bottle of water which didn’t help much either. Not being one to disobey orders, she chugged the water and stretched.

When it was time to begin the course Newman’s desperation had grown a bit from all he water and she was nervous she wouldn’t make it. Kaiba sounded the starting pistol and she was off. She picked up the rifle, held it over her head and began running. Just the running was hard on her bladder, but having to constantly weave side to side to avoid mines as well as not being able to grab herself made it agonising. Newman tried desperately to run as fast as she could so she could get to the bathroom quicker. This in turn caused her desperation increase rapidly. “Ah fuck!” Of all days to not get a chance to piss! Why’d there have to be so many mines? The constant weaving is torture.” Newman continued to run until she was finished the minefield. She dropped her gun and headed for the barbed wire.

Newman got on her tummy and crawled, staying as low as she could. “Oh god! This is even worse! The ground is rubbing up against my bladder!” Newman still didn't raise her body for she knew that no matter how sore her bladder was, cuts in the back were worse. Her bladder ached as she continued to crawl through the wire until she escaped. “Finally!” Just then she felt a huge sensation in her bladder. She instinctively put her hands in her crotch to relieve her bladder. She kept them there as she went to the next obstacle, doing a mixture of running and pee-pee dance.

She arrived at the wall field with a pretty serious need to pee. She removed her hands and began running. The first wall she encountered was a few inches taller than a foot. It was quite easy to “climb”. All she had to do was take a big step over it. The next few walls were the same as the first, easily climbable with one step, and a minor inconvenience on her bladder. Little did she know, the walls would get harder to jump over as well as become more agonising for her bladder.

Next was the second round of walls, the medium sized walls. These ones were about half as tall as Newman, and would require a little new strategy to overcome. “Hmmm this is gonna be a little trickier.” Newman thought about what she should do and what approach to take to climb the walls, then a solution then it came to her. “I got it!” She took a running start at the wall, put her hands on the top of the wall, propelled/pushed herself up, put both feet on top of the wall then jumped of, bending her knees as she landed to brace for impacts. This strategy, though effective was torture on her bladder on account of all the crouching. “Oh crap! I should have though my strategy through.” Regardless of the discomfort, she continued her method for she knew waiting to think up a new strategy would add more time to her evaluation time, and prolong her desperation.

The final walls were quite tall, a little taller than Newman. “God that hurt my bladder, this time I’m gonna have to cross the walls without putting so much stain on my bladder. This time, she didn’t come up with a strategy beforehand, she just decided to run at the wall and do what felt right. She grabbed the top of the wall, pushed herself up as she ran up with her legs. Then she through one leg over the wall. This would prove a hazardous mistake. As her leg went over, her bladder hit the wall, causing her to leak a little. “Oh fuck!” She quickly got down from the other side and held herself. Her method of crossing these walls was very stressful to the bladder but she saw no other way of doing it. She crossed each of the 4 remaining tall walls this way; leaking a little each time and rapidly increasing her desperation.

“I’m finally done! But shit! I peed!” Newman looked at the small pee stain on her pants with disgust. At this point, she was on the verge of wetting, bladder completely swollen, and was trying anything to to stay dry. “I’m gonna pee my pants… It hurts so bad…”

Newman waddled over to the tires, her last obstacle, with her hand in between her crotch. She hoped she could finish the last obstacle and then go pee. She waddled through the tires, hands on crotch and tried to run through quickly. She let out a few leaks but nothing too bad. Having to spread her legs to run through tires was torture thought. She still finished the course with just a few more meters to the finish line. “Oh thank you Jesus. I can finally pee.” She crossed the line and Kaiba, who was standing a few meters away from her walked up to her. “Tremendous, private!” Newman was surprised to hear a compliment. “I was watching you the whole time through my binoculars, and I couldn't believe it. Stupendous time! The way you moved, it was like you were on an actual mission, so focused, like your only thought was to complete this course to get somewhere.”

“Actually sergeant…” Newman interrupted, hand in between her leg. She thought about telling the sergeant the real reason she moved so quickly, but decided to not ruin the praise. “Thank you.”

“Well, I was planning on training you the whole day, but after that performance, it’s clear I was wrong about you needing fitness training, take the rest of the day off. “ Thank you, sergeant.’ Alexis quickly bolted off to her company.

When she arrived she was horrified to see the bathroom was full again. All the platoons had their break time now. Alexis couldn't hold it any longer. A huge gush of pee rapidly came flying. She tried desperately to stop it but it was useless. All that pee was finally coming out.“Oh shit!” She said, after she was done peeing, a tear running down her eyes. “All that work for nothing.

Her accident wasn’t so bad though, the other girls were understanding. Alexis showered off, changed and went to enjoy her day off.

