Tigress's Long Hold

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2021-07-03 01:24

This story was requested some time ago and I decided to post it here because there are no omo stories of Tigress from Kung Fu Panda.

Note: She'll hold for a very unrealistic amount of time that puts the Main 6's two days of being locked up by Starlight to shame, but it was part of the request and makes for some extreme desperation and a big wetting at the end.

This will also be set before the first film.

Tigress's Long Hold

Tigress of the Furious Five was a formidable fighter. But today she decided to see how good she was at doing something else.

Yesterday during their training exercises, she had needed to pee really badly, and hid all signs of her desperation. She made it, but as she lay in her room that night, she was wondering: How long could she hold it for? How close had she been to wetting herself? She decided to find out. She knew it would likely end wet for her, but no one would make fun of her for it if they knew what was good for them. Although if Master Oogway saw her wet herself, surely he'd make a comment related to his motto of there being no accidents.

So, Tigress drank a big glass of water before she went to sleep, officially beginning her hold.

The following morning, she answered the bell the same as ever. "Good morning, Master!" she said to Shifu in the hall, in unison with the rest of the Furious Five.

She was about to take her morning pee as she always did, but stopped, remembering what she was planning on doing. So she held it and commenced to her regular day. There were many training exercises, of course, and her need to pee by the end of them was more intense than yesterday, but she not only held it, but did everything as good as she usually did, all while hiding signs of her desperation.

While hanging out with Viper, Monkey, Crane, and Mantis, Tigress was able to resist holding herself or talking in a voice that showed how much she needed to go. She figured this was also a good opportunity to see how well she could hide her desperation and focus on other things like training and conversations when her bladder was full.

That night, as she lay in her room, Tigress fidgeted a little. She had never gone to bed needing to pee before and she wasn't sure whether she would be able to sleep, or if her bladder would empty itself while she slept. If it did, at least she held it a full day.

Somehow she fell asleep, and she dreamed about trying to find a bathroom, where all the toilets were either broken or the doors were missing and people were looking, or there were no toilets, or even no bathrooms in some areas, or their doors locked or having "out of order" signs on them, or just leading to somewhere else.

When she woke up, the first thing she realized was that she really needed to pee, far worse than usual. She immediately felt her pants and was relieved to see they were completely dry. She soon remembered she was holding for as long as she could.

She sat with her legs crossed and fidgeted until the bell rang. She opened the door and stepped outside. "Good morning, Master!" She held her hands behind her back, hiding the fact that she needed to pee.

Today, the Furious Five were doing sparring matches. Tigress fought as if each opponent was the only thing standing between her and using the bathroom.

When each of the other four fought her, they noticed that she was fighting more ferociously than before, and could barely land a hit on her.

Afterwards, when the Furious Five were hanging out, Viper said "You fought really well today, Tigress."

"Did I?" said Tigress, still trying to avoid holding herself in front of anyone. "Thanks."

"Are you particularly furious about something?" Monkey asked.

"No," said Tigress. "I just felt like fighting more... furiously." She wasn't trying to be funny saying this, of course, but it was getting a little harder to ignore her full bladder.

That night she squirmed harder in her bedroom, but she was still able to fall asleep.

The following morning, Day 3, she was still dry, and still able to hide her desperation.

Today the Furious Five were training with the gauntlet. Tigress pretended that she'd find her relief once she finished the gauntlet, and seemed to go faster through it too, dodging all the obstacles and running through the spiky totem poles like it was nothing. As she dodged the flames, the thought briefly crossed her mind about peeing to put the fire out.

On Day 4, the Furious Five were tasked to ambush Shifu, but as usual...

"Well done... if you wanted to disappoint me," said Shifu. "Tigress, you moved as though you had to pee or something."

"Come to think of it, I haven't seen her use the bathroom recently," said Mantis.

"Are you holding it?" Crane asked. "Like some kind of bladder training?"

You couldn't see it under her fur, but Tigress blushed. "Yes. I want to see how long I can hold it. This is Day 4 of my hold. Don't anyone tickle me or startle me or anything."

The other four nodded. They didn't want to make her angry.

"I suppose it could be useful," said Shifu. "But don't let it affect your training too much."

"I won't," said Tigress, who did like to think that before today she was still able to perform well despite how badly she needed to go.

"And the rest of you, don't hold back when you fight her. If you make her wet herself then, we all know who's really responsible."

Tigress nodded with the rest of them. Tickling or startling her into wetting herself would make her angry but not making her wet herself during combat, and them fighting her as hard as they could while she had to pee so badly would further test her holding ability as she wanted, and her ability to fight in this condition.

Day 5, she was starting to fidget in view of the others more, and during the second half of the day, she was holding herself.

"I didn't know anyone could hold it for so long," Monkey said, impressed by how long Tigress had gone without peeing.

"I might be able to hold it longer still," said Tigress, although she was feeling like the slightest jumpscare could make her lose it. She had never had to pee this badly before in her life.

Day 6, when they were running the gauntlet again. When dodging and "fighting" the spiked pendulums, Tigress paused to hold herself after kicking one and another hit her in the back. She tried the same trick as last time, imagining she would get to use the bathroom when she finished, but when she ran through the spinning totem poles, this time she got hit by many of them. When it came to dodging the fire, she was barely able to and at the end, her butt was set on fire.

"It's starting to affect her performance," Shifu said. "But she was able to hold it through all that? Impressive. Still... she looks like she's about to reach her limit very soon."

Tigress's full bladder kept her up all the following night. After hours of squirming and holding herself, feeling like she was about to burst, she heard the bell ring outside, officially signalling the beginning of Day 7. When she answered it to say good morning to Shifu, both her hands were on her crotch rather than behind her, and she was pee dancing.

Monkey snickered, but was otherwise silent.

During a sparring match, Tigress and Viper faced each other outside.

Viper saw how Tigress was holding herself and pee dancing, no longer able to hide her desperation even a little bit. She'd feel bad if she caused Tigress to have an accident, knowing how embarrassing this could be for mammals, but remembered that Shifu said to not hold back. "I want to say in advance that I'm really, really sorry if I make you wet yourself."

"As long as it's not by tickling, don't worry about it," Tigress said, sounding a little fiercer than she meant due to her extremely intense need to pee. "Give me everything you've got."

They fought as best they could. As usual, Tigress fought like she'd get to go to the bathroom if she won, and Viper fought her hardest as well, feeling at ease knowing Tigress wouldn't mind too terribly if she lost control from this fight, she'd just be annoyed if someone deliberately made it happen by tickling her or something.

A jolt from her bladder made Tigress hold herself again, which provided the opening for Viper to jab Tigress with her tail, which nearly made her lose it right there, and then she whipped her in the face, knocking her on her back. Tigress leaked a little, dampening her panties, but was able to hold the rest of it back, and lay with both hands on her crotch.

Afterwards, the Furious Five were hanging out. The dampness on her underwear made it feel harder for Tigress to hold it, but it dried soon.

"I'm amazed you were able to hold it after that," said Mantis.

"I'm glad you were able to," said Viper.

Tigress didn't say that she didn't hold ALL of it. But she didn't really know what else to say except... "I have to pee so bad..."

Monkey chuckled at hearing this come from Tigress, the most serious of the Furious Five. She glared at him and he was quiet.

As they walked, they sat for a bit and talked. Tigress didn't register much of what they were saying. She was beyond levels of pee desperation she had never reached. She sat and fidgeted with a pained expression on her face. A small part of her mind thought how ridiculous she must look in contrast to the strong, fearless warrior she was but it couldn't be helped, she was about to burst and she would not end her hold voluntarily. At least not in her pants. Something told her she was very close to the end of this hold. She'd already determined that she could hold it for a week, and it took about six days for it to affect her skills. Maybe she should end the hold in the bathroom with her pants down.

Perhaps it was the thought of getting her relief after holding it for a week, or maybe it was the thought of actually peeing, or maybe she had finally reached her limit. But as soon as she stood up, she couldn't hold it any longer. She froze in place as she felt her crotch grow warm and wet, and a hissing noise could be heard as she felt the pressure in her bladder slowly decreasing, not to mention a strong pee smell.

"Oh my," said Viper.

Monkey snickered, but didn't make fun of her beyond that.

Tigress blushed with embarrassment as she wet her pants, the pee flowing down her legs. She tried to remind herself that she knew this was likely how this hold would end, that she was perfectly willing to risk it. But she could still hardly believe it was actually happening. Aside from that all she could think about was how warm and wet her pants felt, and how nice it felt to finally pee after holding it for a week.

After about two minutes of peeing, Tigress couldn't stand any longer, between her shock at what she was doing and the immense relief, and she fell on her butt. In sitting position she continued to pee, and her butt got rather soaked.

Three minutes later...

"You're STILL peeing?" Crane said.

"Incredible," said Mantis.

Tigress peed for just over ten minutes, before her strong stream finally stopped. She sat there, her pants sopping wet, and her bladder empty for the first time in a week. She couldn't deny to herself that the relief felt wonderful, and she couldn't help but let out a big sigh of immense relief.

"Are you all right?" Viper asked.

"I'm fine," said Tigress, acting as dignified as she could. "I wouldn't have held it this long if I didn't think that would happen."

"Well, congratulations on holding it for a week," said Mantis.

"Yeah, I don't think I'd be able to," said Monkey.

"Would you like to go change?" Crane asked.

Tigress considered it, but as a fierce warrior, she wasn't going to let a little pee bother her. "I'll stay as I am."

So Tigress stayed in her wet pants until they dried. Afterwards, she felt her holding muscles had gotten a little weaker, but she didn't wet herself again during this, and after a few days she fully recovered and felt she could hold another six days in a row - if she wanted to.

