Riding Desperation

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-02-18 23:49

I might be getting more confidence back because I'm posting another story now, this one with original characters. Also, I named the horse after a dog in My Little Pony.

Riding Desperation

Stella was about to compete in a horse race. She was wearing a red T-shirt and a pair of skintight light brown riding pants (jodhpurs). She was a very attractive country girl, 24 years of age, with long blonde hair. She also had a lot of pride, and was racing against her cocky and arrogant rival, Terrence.

It was a hot day out, so she drank five whole bottles of soda.

She got on top of her horse, Winona, and started to ride. The race was on a track that went around all of Chicago - and it was five laps!

Just as she was starting her second lap, she needed to pee. She considered stopping at one of the outhouses on the side of the track, Terrence was just behind her. She didn't want to lose to him. She decided to hold it.

By the time she started her third lap, she really needed to go. She pushed Winona to run faster so she could win the race and find a bathroom!

She was fidgeting atop Winona for the entire third lap, and became even more desperate by the fourth lap. She could feel waves of pee sloshing inside her. If she didn't find relief soon, she was going to wet her pants!

She looked behind her. There was no sign of any other riders. She decided to stop at the side of the track and pee there. She pulled on Winona's reigns, and she skidded to a stop. Stella jumped off Winona and walked to the side of the track.

She had just pulled her pants down when Winona reared back, whinnying loudly. Stella turned to the left, and saw Terrence fast approaching. Stella groaned, pulled her pants back up, and hopped back on Winona's back.

Terrence had just passed her when she started riding again, in desperate need of a bathroom and very annoyed. She had thought she was finally going to get relief!

"See you at the finish line!" taunted Terrence as he was ahead of Winona.

Stella slapped Winona's butt as hard as she could, making her run faster, both to beat Terrence and to get to a bathroom. The pressure in her bladder was intense, and she wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it. She held herself with one hand while holding Winona's reins with the other, squirming where she sat.

Occasionally Terrence would look behind him to see how far ahead of Stella he was, and noticed her fidgeting and holding herself, a pained expression on her face. "Looks like someone has to go to the bathroom! You should probably take a pit stop, or you'll have an accident! That's why I used the bathroom before the race!"

Stella hadn't peed all day, and she had to admit Terrence had a point. She had to pee really badly and it was all her fault for not using the bathroom at all today, not even for a morning pee.

She pushed Winona to run faster, and she slowly started to catch up to Terrence. The pee was still sloshing around inside her and the throbbing in her bladder increased by the minute.

She hoped it would rain. Then she could just pee and no one would notice cause she was already wet. But there wasn't a cloud in the sky. She was sweating quite a bit from the heat and her intense need to pee, but not enough to show up on her pants, so if she wet herself, everyone would know.

Another jolt from her bladder told her she should just find an outhouse and pee. But, she couldn't. She didn't want to lose to Terrence. If he beat her he'd taunt her all her life that he was a better rider than her, and she couldn't use the defense that she had to go to the bathroom because she had put herself in this position.

As Stella and Winona were starting to get past Terrence, Terrence threw a rock at Winona. Winona reared back, and Stella fell on her butt. Pain exploded through her rear and she leaked a little into her underwear, but she managed to hold the rest of it in. Stopping only to rub her sore butt, she climbed back on Winona and rode faster than ever, both out of desperation and to catch Terrence.

As the fifth lap began, Stella started to catch up to Terrence again. She REALLY needed to go, and one more long lap and she could find a bathroom!

She considered trying to sabotage Terrence, but she couldn't think of how. She had nothing she could throw at Terrence or his horse.

As she got beside Terrence, she leaked a little more. She whimpered and put both her hands on her crotch. Terrence chuckled at this. Without Stella gripping the reins, she nearly fell off Winona, but with one hand she grabbed the reins again and kicked Winona's sides, causing Winona to run faster and pull ahead of Terrence.

They were halfway done the lap when Stella was ahead of Terrence. The horses were getting a little tired, but the race was almost done. Stella still had to go to the bathroom really badly.

"No... no!" said Terrence, who couldn't make his horse run faster. Stella was going to win. But hopefully she'd wet herself and be humiliated all the same!

As the finish line came into view, Stella felt a little relieved. The race was almost over. She could find relief soon.

Another twinge from her bladder made her more panicked. She tried to cross her legs, but couldn't while she was riding.

And then, her bladder finally gave out. Stella wet her pants. She blushed beet red as her pants grew warm and wet, though she couldn't deny the relief felt good.

She was still peeing when she crossed the finish line.

"And the winner is... Stella! And Terrence gets the silver trophy," The announcer added as Terrence crossed the finish line, looking annoyed, but it changed to smugness when he saw Stella wetting herself. The audience started to laugh as well.

"Stella wet her pants!" taunted Terrence. "The only reason she won is because she was desperate to get to a bathroom! I would have won otherwise!"

"I still won," said Stella with as much dignity as she could muster in her current state. "Next time I'll pee before the race and I'll still beat you! The only reason you even pulled ahead was cause I was stoppin' to pee on the side of the track!"

Terrence couldn't argue with this, and stomped off in a rage.

Stella played around in the mud before collecting her trophy. Far less embarrassing to be covered in mud than to have wet her pants. She claimed her trophy and then went home to change, taking a long bubblebath in her dirty riding pants before she did so.

The end

*003*2018-02-19 02:10

{{1 hour ago, Keita123 said:

That was lovely! I always love wettings while wearing skintight pants!

}}

Skintight pants are one of my absolute favorites too.

*005*2018-02-19 22:26

I've never seen Angry Birds, I just picked their names at random.

