Wet Bathroom Prank

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2024-03-02 02:30

I thought I'd write one more about just wetting and see if anyone likes it before I decide not to write anymore.

...

Two very attractive girls of age 20 were having a sleepover one night.

Tina had blonde hair, and was currently wearing fluffy, relatively tight-fitting pink onesie pajamas. She was very playful and energetic, and quite a prankster.

Sally had brown hair, and was currently wearing fluffy blue pajama pants and shirt. She was a tomboy, but was very prone to jumpscares. In fact, on their last sleepover, a jumpscare during a movie had made her wet her shorts. She had laughed about this with Tina, indicating that she felt no shame in it.

And this gave Tina an idea for a prank. After a night of fun, in which they both drank a lot of soda, they climbed into their beds, Tina in her bedroom and Sally in the spare room, and Sally went to sleep.

Tina, however, stayed awake. She tiptoed past Sally's bedroom, and heard her soft snoring. Now that she knew Sally was asleep, it was time to enact her prank. She tiptoed into the kitchen, made a big pot of coffee, and drank the entire thing. She would need it to stay awake for this. Then, she walked over to her closet, opened it, and pulled out a werewolf mask. She put the mask on, tiptoed into the bathroom nearest to Sally's room, and climbed into the empty bathtub, laying down inside it.

She wasn't sure whether Sally would wake up in the morning or in the middle of the night. But given how much she had drank, and that she had not used the bathroom before bed, Tina knew that when Sally did wake up, she would have to pee really badly. Surely she would enter this bathroom, and when she did, Tina intended to scare her into wetting herself. She knew from the movie jumpscare incident that Sally wouldn't mind, and would find it funny.

About an hour later, Tina had to go to the bathroom. Not only had she drank as much as Sally tonight, but she also drank a full pot of coffee. She considered getting out of the tub to use the toilet. But she thought, what if Sally woke up and entered the bathroom now? Then her prank would be ruined. She'd just have to hold it.

Another hour went by and Tina's need to pee grew more and more intense. She was fidgeting in the tub, hoping that she wasn't being loud enough to wake Sally and alert her to her prank. She had to pee really badly, and at this point, unless Sally came in sooner than was most likely, she didn't think she could hold it long enough.

She considered her options. Getting out of the tub and using the toilet, again, was too risky in case Sally entered the bathroom. She could try to hold it, but she didn't think she'd make it. Or she could just wet herself. This didn't actually sound like a bad idea now that she thought about it. After all, her goal tonight was to make Sally wet herself too. So what harm would there be if they both had wet pajamas?

She decided to hold it. She was sure it would end wet for her, but then she'd at least see how long she could hold it for and what a full blown loss of control would feel like.

Just as she was thinking this, she leaked a little, dampening her underwear. She let out a little whimper, then put her hands over her mouth, hoping that she had not woken Sally. But Sally's snoring could still be heard.

Every few minutes, Tina leaked some more. Her bladder was overflowing and she was having a harder time holding it. Furthermore, with each leak, her underwear was wetter, and soon her pajamas were a bit damp. The wetness made it harder for her to hold it. At this point, she was sure that if she tried to get up, she'd lose it and wet herself all the way. Her heart was beating fast with excitement at the fact that she was about to have a full blown wetting. She always thought this was funny whenever it came up in movies, but hadn't experienced it herself as far as she could remember. Now that it came down to it, she was sure she would really enjoy this.

Soon she went from leaking every few minutes to dribbling in her panties, which were sopping wet by now, and the crotch and butt of her pajamas soon went from damp to wet. She fidgeted some more, and then, to see what would happen, she stopped moving. What use was fidgeting when she would definitely end up peeing herself all the way?

There came a few leaks in succession, lasting a few seconds. She was able to stop peeing for about a second each time, but her pajamas were getting wetter and wetter. And then came a leak she couldn't stop. Despite her efforts, her stream just grew stronger, soaking the crotch and butt of her pajamas and forming a puddle under her, which flowed towards the drain. Tina was peeing her pajamas, and she couldn't stop it. Realizing this, she relaxed her holding muscles completely and peed harder, sighing of immense relief. A loud hissing noise could be heard, but not loud enough to wake Sally.

As she peed, Tina noticed the warm, wet feeling, combined with the sense of relief as her overflowing bladder emptied itself, and she couldn't deny it felt amazing. She had a feeling this would not be the last time she wet herself, and she would definitely experiment with this in the future, and maybe get Sally to tickle her into wetting herself sometime. She giggled thinking about this. She was very ticklish and so she was looking forward to it.

After a little over two minutes, Tina finally stopped peeing. She sighed of relief and felt the crotch and butt of her pajamas. They were soaking wet. She giggled quietly at the fact that she had just peed herself. Of course, if things went as intended, she wouldn't be the only one in wet pajamas, which would make it even better.

She lay in her wet pajamas for hours. Sally stayed asleep for the night. Tina stayed awake, between the coffee and her excitement at both what had happened and what was yet to come. As her pajama pants were now merely damp, she had to pee again. This time, she just let it all out in her pajamas, sighing of relief and then giggling at the fact that she was deliberately peeing herself.

At 7:00 in the morning, she heard Sally's alarm go off.

...

Sally woke up to the sound of her alarm. She sat up, stretched her arms, and yawned.

The first thing she noticed was that she had to pee really badly. This was to be expected, as she had drank a lot last night and not used the bathroom before bed. She would always stay in bed until the last minute, but her need to pee was so intense that if she waited much longer she'd have an accident.

So she got out of bed and ran to the bathroom. She turned the light on, closed the door, and made her way towards the toilet.

Immediately, a werewolf in pink pajamas sprung out of the tub and made a loud, almost roaring sound with her arms raised in clawing motions in front of her.

Sally let out a high-pitched squeal, and immediately she wet her pajama pants. Once she was over the jumpscare, Sally could feel her pajama pants growing warm and wet. She tried to stop peeing, but it was no use, and a puddle grew where she stood.

Tina removed her werewolf mask. "Gotchya!" she said.

Sally laughed. "How long have you been in there?"

"Since you fell asleep. I drank a big pot of coffee to stay awake. So it wasn't long before I had to go really badly, and I didn't make it either." She felt her wet pajamas with a big smile on her face.

Sally noticed the wetness on Tina's pajamas for the first time. "Hehe, now we're both wet."

Tina giggled. "It was actually really fun. How would you like to tickle me the first time I say I have to pee today?"

"I'd love to." Sally finished peeing and sighed of relief. "And now I don't have to go to the bathroom anymore."

"Me neither!"

"We should wash up."

"How would you like to take a bath in your pajamas?"

"Hmmm... Sounds like fun!'

So Tina and Sally took a bath in their wet pajamas, scrubbing each other with soap. They found this even more fun than wetting themselves. Once they were clean, they removed their pajamas, unabashedly exposing their underwear. Tina wore a pink bra and panties, and Sally wore a black bra and boyshort panties. They dried themselves off, and then put on their daytime outfits. For Tina, a white T-shirt and short, pink, skintight shorts. For Sally, a black T-shirt and short, tight jean shorts, the same pair she had peed in on their last sleepover.

They had breakfast and coffee and sat on the couch watching one of their favorite movies. Tina was a bit tired from staying up so long, so she'd take a nap right after Sally left. But there was something she wanted to do first.

Soon enough, Tina had to pee. "I have to go to the bathroom," she said, and she stood up and walked slowly towards the bathroom, hoping Sally would remember what she said.

Sally smiled, walked up behind Tina, and tickled her sides.

Tina started to laugh uncontrollably. "HAHAHAHA! STOP! HAHAHAHA! I'M GONNA PEE! HAHAHAHA!"

Sally just tickled harder, and Tina wet her shorts. Yellow waterfalls flowed down her legs and formed a puddle at her feet. Once she stopped peeing, Sally stopped tickling. "Looks like someone had a little accident," she said with a smile.

Tina felt her wet shorts and giggled.

She stayed in her wet shorts until Sally left, and then climbed into her bed to take her nap, without changing into anything dry.

