Girl's School

Author: Thorn177

*000*2015-10-02 11:49

Summary: When fourteen-year-old Agnes is caught making out with a boy, her religious parents ship her off to Mary Magdalen's Home for Girls, a corrective institution for ungodly young women. Agnes isn't too worried, but as it turns out, this is nothing like Bible Camp. Their aim is to drive out the devil, and they will do so by any means necessary.

So, this is an idea I've been kicking around for a while, and I just never knew quite how to write it. The idea started when I read an article about special religious 'schools' in the US where unruly girls were sent to be taught to be good Christians, basically, and where methods ranged from the mundane to the outright sadistic. Please read the tags. This will not be a nice, fluffy or cute story. I'll add extra content warnings to future chapters if necessary. Please consider yourself warned.

###

CHAPTER ONE

Agnes stared out of the bus window, at the country side swishing past. It was about four in the afternoon, and the day was sunny and hot. She yawned and scratched her cheek, where she had a mosquito bite. She was fourteen years old. Her dark brown hair fell in ringlets around her summer freckled face and she wore a brown skirt and blue blouse. On the seat next to her stood a small suitcase. It contained mostly underwear, a few other clothing items and a Bible. Her parents had been told that everything else would be provided.

The representative from Mary Magdalene’s Home for Girls had arrived at their church only a week before. She had brought three young girls, a bit older than Agnes, in neat white gowns, who had testified about how they had been led so astray by the Devil and how Mary Magdalene’s Home for Girls had helped them find their way back to the Lord. This had been a couple of days before Agnes was caught making out with a boy from school, and her parents had decided that something had to be done about their daughter’s wicked ways. And so they had called Mary Magdalene’s Home for Girls, and asked if they had an opening. It turned out they did.

The bus slowed to a halt. An older woman in the front, who had introduced herself as Miss Corrine when Agnes and about a dozen other girls had filed into the bus that morning, stood up.

‘All right, get your bags, we’re here,’ she said. Agnes picked up her small suitcase and shuffled out of the bus together with the other girls.

As she stepped off the bus, she saw that they were in the middle of nowhere.

‘We’ll continue on foot,’ said Miss Corrine. ‘The path is too narrow for the bus.’

She set off down a narrow dirt road at a quick pace. The girls hurried to keep up. Agnes looked around. Flat grass land surrounded them as far as the eye could see, with a few trees sticking up here and there. There wasn’t a single cloud in the sky. They walked for what must have been at least twenty minutes and the heat was stifling, but then they rounded a corner and the large compound appeared. The girls who had spoken at their church had made it sound like a farm or a ranch, but Agnes couldn’t see any animals. The place seemed barren and dry, and it was surrounded by a chain link fence. It looked more like a prison.

Which Agnes supposed it was. Her parents had sent her off, without her consent, to a correctional facility where she would learn to be a good Christian. Her crime had been kissing a boy, wearing tight jeans and not paying attention in Bible Study group. Which apparently meant she was promiscuous and ungodly.

Agnes had been a good little girl, growing up. Whether out of fear for her father’s belt, her mother’s words, or simply because she was so sheltered, she had hardly ever done anything wrong. She had seen her older brother beaten for talking back, and that was enough to dissuade her from breaking any rules. But entering her teens, Agnes had become more strong willed. She had doubted the religion her parents had pushed upon her since birth, she had wanted to do her own thing, but a small town in Kansas wasn’t a good place to be a rebel. There was always someone watching, and word got back to her parents for every little thing she did.

Miss Corrine led them into an entrance area. A man in a crisp light brown suit stood there waiting for them.

‘Welcome!’ he said warmly and beamed at them all. ‘My nam is Mr. Portman. I am the owner and leader of this establishment, and I’m so pleased to see so many new faces!’ He went on for a couple of minutes, about how their time at Mary Magdalene would help them build character and become better people, how the light of God would save them from the Devil’s influence and make model citizens of them, good mothers and wives, and most importantly, good Christians.

Agnes glanced around as he spoke. The walls of the room were white, and the floor was grey linoleum. There was a reception desk at one end, but no chairs or sofas by way of a waiting area. The only art work was a large painting of Jesus on the wall behind Mr. Portman.

When Mr. Portman had finished speaking, Miss Corrine opened a door off to one side. A dozen girls walked into the room, in a neat line. Like the girls who had come to their church, these girls wore white dresses. They all had their hands clasped in front of them. They lined up opposite Agnes and the other new girls.

‘These are your Big Sisters,’ said Mr. Portman. ‘We have a buddy system here. You will each be assigned a Big Sister who will teach you our rules, show you around and help you find your feet. I will call your names, and the names of your Big Sisters. When you have paired up, your Big Sister will take you to your sleeping quarters and give you a uniform to wear. They will then accompany you to supper, before we all gather for evening prayer.’

Agnes stood as patiently as she could while Mr. Portman started reading off the names on his list. Her name was the last to be read. ‘Agnes Williams,’ said Mr. Portman, ‘your Big Sister will be Mary-Louise Miller.’

The girl who stepped up to Agnes was a couple of years older. She was tall and blonde, with sparkling blue eyes and a sweet smile. ‘It’s so nice to meet you, Agnes!’ she said and shook her hand. She spoke in a soft southern accent, her voice a lilting alto. ‘Come on, I’ll show you where you’re sleeping.’

Mary-Louise brought her to a dormitory down a couple of corridors. There were eight beds in it. One other new girl was being inducted a couple of beds down.

‘I’m in the bed next to yours,’ said Mary-Louise. ‘That way I can keep tabs on you. I’m sure we’ll be best friends!’ She beamed. ‘Here, let me find your uniform.’ She walked up to the small dresser that stood next to the bed. ‘You get two of these,’ she explained, taking out a white dress like her own. ‘We don’t wear any other clothes here, so you won’t be needing anything but your own underwear and night clothes. There’s room in the dresser for that. There’s a bathroom and showers at the end of the hall. Now, get changed.’

Agnes took off her own clothes and put on the white dress. Perhaps this place wasn’t so bad, she thought. Everyone seemed friendly… Maybe she’d be all right. It was only for three months, after all.

Mary-Louise took her to supper when she was done changing. On the way she told her about the daily routine at Mary Magdalene’s.

‘We get up at six every day for morning prayers, before breakfast at seven thirty,’ she said. ‘After breakfast we have Bible Study classes, quiet meditation, things like that, all day, until about five pm. Lunch is at one, and supper is at seven in the evening. We have free time between five and seven. Then we have evening prayer at eight, which is one hour, and the showers are open between nine and ten. Lights out at ten pm.’

‘Sounds very strict,’ said Agnes.

‘It is,’ said Mary-Louise, ‘but we’re better people for it. Routines are key.’

The mess was a large, white room with several long tables. Agnes was at once struck by how quiet it was. The tables were almost full, but the few who were speaking were doing so in hushed murmurs and whispers.

Mary-Louise led her to one of the tables and they sat down. A few minutes later, Mr. Portman, Miss Corrine and a few other staff members came marching into the room. The room fell completely silent. They sat down at a smaller, empty table at the far end. Mr. Portman was last to sit, and before he did, he gave a curt nod to the table closest.

As one, the girls at that table stood up, in silence, and marched over to the counter. They each took a tray, and were handed plates of food by serving staff.

One table at a time, the girls went to collect their food. Soon it was Agnes’s turn.

It was eerie. The only sounds in the room were shuffling feet, the chinking of cutlery and hushed voices from the staff table. The girls all ate in complete silence, it seemed. Approaching the counter, Agnes realised that the serving staff all appeared to be teenaged girls like herself. She wondered fleetingly if they were other students, but was too tired to bother questioning Mary-Louise about it. She was served a vegetable soup with a roll on the side. There were no other choices, and no butter for the roll. She was given water to drink.

The soup didn’t taste like much, but Agnes was hungry, so she ate all of it. So, it seemed, did everybody else. There were no second helpings, however.

Exhausted after the long journey and the new impressions of the day, Agnes sat through evening prayer in a daze, mimicking the other girls and moving her lips as best she could. Afterwards she had a quick shower and went to bed, asleep before her head hit the pillow.

###

Getting up the next morning was hard. Mary-Louise had to shake her several times before at last Agnes sat up in bed, rubbing her eyes. ‘Time’s it?’ she murmured.

‘Already five past six,’ said Mary-Louise. ‘Hurry up and get dressed or we’ll be late for morning prayer!’

Agnes got up and put on her dress. She tied back her dark hair, now messy from sleep.

‘I won’t always be here to wake you up, you know,’ Mary-Louise admonished her as they set off towards the chapel. ‘You’re gonna have to learn to get up on your own.’

‘Sorry,’ Agnes mumbled. She still didn’t feel properly awake. She longed for coffee or something else to wake her up.

She sat through morning prayer trying her best not to doze off, though she appeared to not quite manage, as Mary-Louise had to poke her several times to make her pay attention. After prayer they went down to the mess for breakfast.

Agnes ate a couple of spoonfuls of the bland porridge she had been served and then spent the rest of the meal poking at it with her spoon. She drank orange juice (there was no coffee) and tried to stifle her yawns.

‘Aren’t you going to finish your food?’ whispered Mary-Louise after a while. Her plate was empty and she sat with her hands in her lap, looking curiously at her charge.

‘I’m not really hungry,’ replied Agnes, sleepily. ‘I can never eat in the mornings.’

‘But you have to eat it,’ said Mary-Louise. ‘Those are the rules. Everyone has to empty their plate at every meal. You have no choice.’

‘But I can’t, I’m not hungry.’

Mary-Louise studied her, frowning. ‘Fine,’ she said, after a moment. Then she got up, and walked over to the staff table. She whispered something to Miss Corrine, who stood up and came back with her. Everyone stopped eating and looked up.

Miss Corrine approached Agnes, looking stern. ‘Everyone has to finish their food here, Agnes,’ she said. Agnes was sure everybody could hear her as the room was so quiet. ‘Perhaps we hadn’t made that clear?’

‘I’m sorry, Miss Corrine,’ said Agnes, trying for a smile, ‘but I just can’t eat if I’m not hungry.’

‘Do you squander the gifts the good Lord gives you?’ asked Miss Corrine.

‘No, ma’am…’ Agnes frowned, her smile faltering. ‘I mean, I don’t mean to, but you give us big portions, so . . .’

‘You will finish your food, Agnes, or there will be consequences,’ said Miss Corrine.

Mr. Portman stood from the staff table then, and came towards them. ‘What’s all this then?’ he asked calmly.

‘Agnes refuses to eat, sir,’ said Mary-Louise softly.

‘I’m sorry to hear that.’ Mr. Portman turned to Agnes. ‘I would prefer if you eat what’s on your plate.’

‘But, sir, I’m not hungry!’ Agnes’s voice had gained an edge now. She felt annoyed. Surely it was none of anyone else’s business whether she ate breakfast or not?

‘Then I’m afraid you leave me with no choice,’ said Mr. Portman sadly. ‘Miss Corrine, look after everything here. Agnes, Mary-Louise, come with me, please.’

Agnes’s stomach churned as she stood. What was to happen now?

They followed Mr. Portman out of the mess and down the hall towards a door. Upon entering, Agnes discovered the room beyond to be Mr. Portman’s office. It contained a heavy mahogany desk and several bookcases. Mr. Portman sat down behind the desk while the girls remained standing.

‘It pains me to have to do this already on your first day, Agnes,’ said Mr. Portman without looking at them, adjusting a cup full of pens on his desk. ‘But the rules here are strict and meant to be followed. Everything we do here is for your own good, to teach you girls to be good, Christian women. You are sinful by nature. You need guidance. You are here because the Devil has taken up residence in you. I am here because I wish to drive him out.’

There was a silence. Agnes stared down at her tan ballerina flats, saying nothing.

‘Now, as for your punishment.’ Mr. Portman stood, walking over to one of the bookshelves where a jug of water and several glasses stood. ‘Mary-Louise, I delegate to you to make sure that Agnes drinks one glass of water every hour until lunch. You are also to make sure she doesn’t go to the restroom in that time. If she is ready then to show appreciation for the gifts that God has given her and empties her plate, she may visit the restroom after. We’ll start now.’ He filled a glass with water and walked around his desk, handing the glass to Agnes. ‘Drink up.’

Agnes took the glass. Something squirmed in her stomach. She was to go five hours without going to the bathroom while drinking copious amounts of water? It seemed hardly possible. Mr. Portman made an impatient sound, a clearing of the throat and, without looking at him, Agnes lifted the glass to her lips and drained it in a few gulps. Thankfully it wasn’t a very large glass, but she suddenly wished that she hadn’t had all that orange juice.

Mr. Portman dismissed them, and the two girls left his office. They walked in silence for a while. Breakfast was over and it was time for the first class of the day. When they exited the main building to walk across the dry grass to one of the smaller ones, Agnes finally spoke.

‘Why did you tell on me like that?’ she asked softly.

She felt Mary-Louise glance at her out of the corner of her eye for a moment before answering. ‘Like he said. You’re here because you’ve got the Devil in you. They can’t help you expel him if you don’t follow the rules. I did it for your own good. Besides, they would have noticed sooner or later anyway.’

Agnes rolled her eyes. ‘Oh, I see. You did it for me, not to show what a good girl you are. Your motives were purely altruistic.’ She was unable to keep the sarcastic tone out of her voice.

Mary-Louise stopped and turned to her. ‘We’re encouraged to take care of each other here, Agnes.’ Her voice still had the sweet tone of before, but something in her look was cold. ‘We help each other get better. I was like you when I got here. I had demons inside me making me wilful, making me talk back, making me flaunt the rules. The other girls helped me see the error of my ways, helped me shake off the demons and become a better person. I’m not there yet. Us girls, we’re sinful by nature and it’s only by giving ourselves over to the Lord completely that we can rid ourselves of that sin. I’m getting there, and helping you will help me get there. When you do good you are rewarded. When you do bad you’re punished. All we’re doing here is giving a taste in life of the punishments that await the wicked after death.’ She turned away and began to walk again. ‘The Devil loves pleasure and fears pain. It is with pain you drive him out.’

She sounded like a text book. Like she had memorised all these things and was parroting them back the way she’d been taught. This frightened Agnes more than the words themselves. She hadn’t had much choice but to come here like her parents wanted, and she had been resigned to her fate. Spend three months at yet another ‘Bible Camp’, act like a good girl, and then go home. But the certainty with which Mary-Louise spoke, her blind faith in her words and acceptance of the status quo, that was terrifying. It told Agnes that this place changed people, and that if she wasn’t careful it would change her too, and she would lose her sense of self.

By ten o’clock, Agnes had lost her ability to sit still. She fidgeted in her seat while Miss Corrine told them the story of Adam and Eve and explained how Eve’s weakness had damned all women and steeped them in sin. How purity and obedience were the only way towards salvation for any girl. Agnes only picked up bits and pieces, her rapidly filling bladder distracting her. An hour later she was bouncing in her seat, rocking back and forth and trying to refrain from putting her hands between her legs and hold herself. Mary-Louise kept obediently getting up, every hour on the hour, to get her a glass of water. Miss Corrine appeared to have been informed, because she said nothing. Either that or this was such a common occurrence that it hardly bore notice.

At one the girls returned to the mess for lunch, and by now Agnes was beginning to feel like she couldn’t possibly hold it for much longer. She took tiny steps and had to stop often to cross her legs or bend forward and clutch herself, and she felt the occasional trickle go into her panties. Mary-Louise walked next to her patiently.

Agnes couldn’t have told anyone what was for lunch. It was bland and no doubt very healthy, and she wolfed it down at record speed, hoping that if she just finished it all she would be allowed a bathroom break. When Mr. Portman came over to inspect her plate and gave a satisfied smile, she shot to her feet.

‘Can I . . .’ She could hardly get the words out and cleared her throat, dancing slightly on the spot. She decided it would be better to be polite. ‘May I please be excused for the restroom now, sir?’ she asked as sweetly as she could. Mr. Portman’s smile widened.

‘Of course you may.’

Agnes shot out of the mess like a bullet and only just made it to the toilet in time. Peeing had never felt so wonderful as at that moment. She went for at least a minute, voiding her bladder in a hard, steady stream. She had to bite her lip in order not to moan. She was pretty sure moaning was a sin.

###

The afternoon was spent in so called quiet meditation, which essentially meant sitting in the chapel staring at the cross on the wall. It was impossible for Agnes not to let her mind wander. She thought about home, about her bedroom and her CDs. She realised with a jolt that she had never gone this long without listening to music before. Unless one counted the psalms they sung during prayer, which Agnes most certainly did not. If it didn’t have a beat it wasn’t much worth a damn.

She wondered how much she’d miss dancing by the end of her stay at Mary Magdalen’s. She wondered if she would even remember her favourite songs, going so long without hearing them. And what about her friends?

Agnes sighed deeply at this thought. She missed her friends. Ava, the trivia machine who knew everything. Lily, who was so fashionable and sweet and always helped Agnes with her make-up. Wayne, who hung out with them and who Agnes was pretty sure would turn out to be gay. She would have given just about anything right then to sit in the park with the three of them, sharing a stolen cigarette and laughing about something they’d seen on TV. Would they still like her when she got back?

She looked away from the cross on the wall, glancing about the chapel as covertly as she could manage. Everyone else seemed to be doing what they were supposed to. Some had their hands clasped, lips moving in silent prayer. Others had closed their eyes and looked almost blissful. Next to her, Mary-Louise sat with her hands in her lap, a serene smile playing on her lips and her eyes out of focus. Agnes found herself wondering what she was thinking.

Agnes was about to return her gaze to the cross, figuring that one person not doing what she was supposed to was bound to stick out like a sore thumb, when she spotted another girl who seemed to have her mind elsewhere as well. A redheaded, freckled girl who might have been a year or two older than Agnes sat picking at her dress, looking deeply bored. As though she could feel Agnes’s eyes on her, she looked up and met her gaze. She smiled and rolled her eyes in commiseration, before, heaving what was obviously a heavy and demonstrative sigh, returning her gaze to her own lap. Agnes was too taken aback to return the smile before it was too late.

###

At five o’clock Mary-Louise finally left Agnes’s side to go hang out with some girls from a different dorm. She asked Agnes to join her, but Agnes had happily refused, longing for some time on her own. She made her way to the common room, which was next to the mess, and sat down in an almost comfortable arm chair. There was a bookshelf in the common room, but it contained only titles like How to Be a Good Girl and Rejecting Satan: A Guide to Spiritual Cleansing, in addition to half a dozen Bibles and several prayer books. There was also an out of tune piano with a sign on it saying that it was not to be played without express permission. So Agnes sat back in her chair and let her mind wander.

Somebody pulled up a chair next to her and sat down. Dragged out of her thoughts, Agnes glanced sideways at the newcomer. It was the redhead from earlier.

‘Hey,’ said the girl, smiling. ‘I’m Maddie. What’s your name?’

‘I’m Agnes,’ said Agnes, sitting up slightly. She took in Maddie’s appearance. She was very pretty, with sparkling green eyes, thin pink lips and a button nose. Her red hair was wavy and shoulder length.

’So, what are you in for, Agnes?’ asked Maddie, leaning back in her chair with her hands behind her head.

Agnes looked away, blushing slightly. ‘Kissing a boy. And probably some other things too.’ She glanced at Maddie again and found her smiling. ‘What about you?’

‘Well, let’s see, where to start . . .’ Maddie counted on her fingers. ‘Having opinions, reading William Blake, disobedience and masturbation. Plus lack of shame for all of the above.’

Agnes laughed nervously. ‘Well, that’s quite a list.’

Maddie shrugged. ‘It all boils down to the same thing, really. Being a girl and not feeling sorry about it.’ Her expression changed to a more serious one. ‘How are you holding up? I gathered that Portman gave you the old water torture. It’s a favourite of his.’ Her eyes seemed to darken at this and her voice took on a bitter edge. ‘Sucks to have to go through that your first day.’

‘Yeah, well . . .’ Agnes looked away uncomfortably.

‘Been through it lots of times myself,’ Maddie continued. ‘Portman’s punishments just don’t seem to bite, though. I’ve been here for like six months, and I’m still the same ungodly, sinful creature as I was when I got here. At this rate I’ll grow old and die in this hellhole.’

Agnes looked around nervously. She was pretty sure that this was not a conversation they were meant to be having, but no one seemed to be listening to them. That made her feel braver.

‘I miss my friends,’ she said. ‘I just really wanna go home.’

‘Yeah,’ said Maddie. ‘Me too. But, hey. I don’t know if I’m right, but I kind of feel like you and me get each other. So, you know, maybe we could be friends?’

Agnes smiled. ‘I’d like that.’

‘Cool. Just don’t tell Big Sister Mary-Louise about it.’

As they talked, Agnes thought that if Maddie could spend six months at Mary Magdalen’s and still be normal, maybe there was hope for her too.

*002*2015-10-02 12:16

{{:

Wasn't Mary Magdalene a prostitute? That's rather ironic.

}}

She was a sinner who changed her ways, is the point. Kind of the, 'if she could do it, anyone can' rhetoric.

*009*2015-10-02 21:58

{{:

Will we see any other sort of punishments for Agnes other than what's already been shown?

}}

There will. I will generally try to give due warning at the beginning of chapters.

Thanks so much for your comments, you guys! Warms the heart. I'm working on chapter two, but with everything else I'm doing I can't make any promises as to the frequency of updates. Comments and up-votes are pretty motivating, though, jussayin'. ;)

*014*2015-10-06 09:57

{{:

Something about the containment of human freedoms really interests me. Good story. 10/10 - IGN

}}

Same here. It's probably what draws me to most of the fetishes I'm into, without in any way wishing to glorify the realities of it. It's a thin and difficult line to walk when writing something like this. I'm glad you're enjoying the story! :)

*016*2015-10-10 00:41

{{:

I'm loving this! A fantasy/story I've played out in my head is kinda similar to this being an all girls school where the girls are only allowed to pee at certain times of the day and are punished if they wet. Maybe I should write it up.... You have inspired me!

}}

Glad to inspire! Also glad you're liking the story. Next chapter should go up over the weekend. :)

*018*2015-10-13 09:56

So, finally finished chapter 2! Sorry about the wait. Hope you like it! General warnings: This chapter contains corporal punishment and abuse.

###

CHAPTER TWO

Agnes had fully intended to eat her breakfast like a good girl the next day. She’d had enough of punishment and Bible study was excruciating enough without having to pee. But when she sat down for breakfast after morning prayer she only managed to force down a few bites. The last spoonful she ate hardly went down at all, and she was starting to feel a little bit sick. Normally she never ate breakfast.

She stared down at her plate, trying to force herself to pick up the spoon, but it was no good. She could feel Mary-Louise’s eyes on her.

‘Not eating?’ asked the older girl softly.

Agnes looked at her pleadingly. ‘I really can’t.’

With a great sigh Mary-Louise stood up. Agnes stared down at her hands in her lap. She fisted her hands into her dress, dreading what was coming. She could hear footsteps approaching, and then someone cleared their throat next to her. She looked up to find Mr. Portman standing there.

‘I had hoped that you’d learned your lesson yesterday,’ he said.

‘Please, sir, I’m sorry,’ Agnes all but whimpered. ‘I want to eat, but I feel like if I do I’m just gonna throw up.’

‘That’s the Devil inside you,’ said Mr. Portman softly. Then he sighed. ‘Clearly we need to step things up. One glass of water every half hour, I think.’

Agnes stared at him. ‘But . . . I barely managed yesterday!’

‘We do what it takes,’ said Mr. Portman. ‘Mary-Louise, I trust you to keep an eye on Agnes.’ Then he turned on his heel and returned to the staff table.

Mary-Louise sat back down and reached out for the jug of water on the table. She filled Agnes’s glass. ‘Drink.’

Agnes’s stomach churned, but she drank the water.

She began to feel it within an hour, the slight pressure that told her that she should definitely pee now. After her fourth glass of water she could no longer sit still. Her knee was bouncing up and down uncontrollably, and she was holding herself under the desk, trying desperately to pay attention to what Miss Corrine was saying. She felt the first drops slip into her panties at around ten. She had begun to rock back and forth again, and she screwed up her eyes and held back a whimper.

Mary-Louise stood up and fetched her another glass of water. Upon her return, Agnes grabbed her wrist. ‘I can’t hold it,’ she whispered. ‘I really can’t. It’s too much.’

‘You can hold it,’ said Mary-Louise calmly, putting the glass in front of her. ‘Drink.’

The world fell away, bit by bit, as Agnes’s desperation became more acute. It became harder and harder to focus on anything other than the fullness of her bladder, the pressure against her urethra. She held back as best she could, but drop after drop seemed to leak out into her panties, making them damp. At one point she released a loud whimper that caused everyone to look at her, and her face burned with embarrassment.

It happened all at once. Suddenly and without warning, she felt a warm spurt of urine trickle out of her, enough that she could feel it on her thighs.

She stood.

‘Sit down,’ Mary-Louise murmured.

‘I have to go!’ Agnes hissed urgently. ‘I just, I have to, I’m gonna—’ She felt another spurt and whimpered. ‘I’m gonna pee myself, please, I have to—Oh, God, it’s coming out, oh no—’

But it was too late. She doubled over, clutching at her crotch with both hands, but there was no stopping it. Warm piss streaked down her legs and onto the floor, forming a puddle beneath her.

Agnes felt mortified. A murmur went through the classroom as people began to realise what was happening, and they all turned to stare at her. Agnes released an involuntary sob as she tried to stop the stream of piss, but it was coming so hard now, splattering onto the linoleum, and after a few moments Agnes gave up and let it come. The room fell silent around her, the only sounds Agnes’s strained sobs and the hiss of her pee.

When it had finally stopped, after what felt like a lifetime, Miss Corrine spoke. ‘Agnes, clean that up. There’s a mop in the cupboard. Mary-Louise, when she’s done, take her to Mr. Portman.’ Then she returned to her Bible verses, as if nothing at all had happened.

Agnes cleaned up her pee, and then followed Mary-Louise out of the room. They walked in complete silence. Agnes’s socks and shoes were soaked. Her panties were wet through and rapidly cooling, and even her dress had several dark stains where she’d inadvertently pulled it between her legs while trying to hold it in. She couldn’t seem to stop sobbing. The humiliation burned inside her.

Mary-Louise knocked on Mr. Portman’s office door. ‘Come in,’ came his voice from within, and she opened the door and they entered.

‘Sir,’ she said before he even had time to ask what was going on, ‘Agnes wet herself.’

Mr. Portman’s gaze shifted to Agnes, taking in her appearance, from tear stained face to urine stained dress. ‘I see,’ he said after a few moments. ‘Thank you, Mary-Louise. Please go fetch dry clothes for Agnes. You can leave them outside in the hall. Then you may return to class.’

Mary-Louise all but curtsied and left the room, closing the door behind her.

Mr. Portman sighed and stood up. ‘I admit I’m disappointed, Agnes,’ he said sadly. ‘This lack of control confirms my fears and tells me that the devil is far more deeply imbedded in you than I thought. It seems stronger punishments may be necessary.’

He walked around her, examining her. Agnes kept her gaze fixed on the floor, too humiliated and embarrassed to look at him.

‘Please remove your clothing.’

Agnes felt her whole body stiffen, and she inadvertently lifted her gaze to Mr. Portman’s face, utterly incredulous. Had he actually just asked her to take off her clothes?

‘Sir?’ she said slowly.

‘You heard me, little missy,’ said Mr. Portman with a gentle smile.

Agnes blushed crimson. He couldn’t honestly be asking her this.

‘I’ll give you one more chance before I lose my patience,’ he said, and there was an edge to his voice now that sent cold shivers down her back.

Hands trembling, she did as she was told. She pulled her white dress over her head, dropping it to the floor next to her. It had revealed a pale pink camisole and simple white panties, though the panties had bloomed dark with urine. She hesitated.

‘Go on,’ said Mr. Portman. ‘Take it all off.’

Agnes found herself sobbing again. Her vision blurred with tears as she began to remove the camisole, revealing small breasts tipped with pink nipples. Mr. Portman said nothing. He simply stared, a mild expression on his face. Agnes’s hands shook worse than ever as she removed her panties. She couldn’t look at him. Her face felt hot, and she felt vulnerable, exposed and humiliated.

‘Good,’ said Mr. Portman. ‘Please go over to the desk, and bend forwards with your hands splayed on it.’

Agnes couldn’t stop herself. ‘W—What are you going to—’ she stuttered, but he cut her off.

‘Don’t question me,’ he said softly. ‘Simply do as I say. Things will be worse for you if you don’t.’

With faltering steps, Agnes made her way over to the desk, her arms hugging her exposed body awkwardly. She realised with a jolt that she needed to pee again. Her last glass of water had only been a few minutes before she had lost control, after all. Reaching the desk she glanced behind her, eyes wide with fear. Mr. Portman met her eyes and nodded. She placed her palms on the desk and bent over.

She heard him moving behind her, and squeezed her eyes shut on reflex. The sound of a belt buckle being unfastened. It was a sound she knew all too well.

The leather of the belt hit her lower back without warning, and she cried out, more out of surprise than pain.

‘The devil loves pleasure and fears pain,’ said Mr. Portman, before the belt hit her a second time, this time striking her rear. ‘He comes inside you when you sin, finding his way in when you masturbate, when you drink or take drugs, when you have premarital sex, or when you commit other acts of carnal pleasure.’ The belt came down again, and Agnes cried out in pain this time. ‘Once he’s inside you, he makes you wilful. He makes you sin further. He makes you disobey your elders and betters.’ Another strike of the belt, and Agnes could no longer cry out, instead choking on a sob. ‘The only way to drive him out is through pain and discomfort. The greater his hold, the more pain is required.’ He struck again, extra hard it seemed, and Agnes found her voice again, whimpering loudly. Tears were streaming down her face, from eyes still shut tight.

Mr. Portman struck her five times more, before she finally heard him put the belt down on the desk and dared to open her eyes. Her legs were quivering so she could hardly stand.

She felt a hand on her shoulder and flinched.

‘I think that’s enough for now,’ said Mr. Portman’s voice, near her ear. ‘Stand up straight.’

Agnes nearly lost her balance when she tried, but finally she stood again, naked and humiliated, unable to look at the man in front of her. She had felt her father’s belt many times, sure, but he was her father. Mr. Portman was a complete stranger. At least she had managed to hold her bladder.

Mr. Portman opened the door and stepped outside, returning a moment later with a fresh set of clothes for Agnes. He didn’t give them to her, however, but sat down behind his desk, laying the clothes out before him.

‘Starting tomorrow,’ he said, folding his hands in front of him, ‘we go back to one glass of water per hour. You’re permitted to go to the restroom only at mealtimes, and only provided you eat everything that’s on your plate. If you fail to follow any of these rules, or if you wet yourself again, other punishments will be devised.’ He surveyed her for a moment. ‘It’s clear that you need to learn obedience before anything else. Your Big Sister will keep an eye on you. You are dismissed. Get dressed and return to your class.’ He pushed her clothes to the end of his desk and, ashamed, Agnes stepped up and grabbed them, dressing herself as quickly as she could.

###

The rest of the day passed in a haze. Agnes could hardly believe what she had been put through, couldn’t stand to think of the humiliation she had felt. She felt the other girls staring at her, judging her. She hadn’t peed herself since she was four. Doing so at fourteen, well, that just wasn’t acceptable. She knew that. Felt it in her bones.

On top of that burned the humiliation and pain of the beating she had received. She was reminded of it every time she sat down, every touch to her raw bottom pure agony. The one redeeming feature of her situation was that she wasn’t expected to resume her punishment until the next day, and was given leave to visit the bathroom whenever she liked.

She kept her head down, refusing to even look at anyone else and speaking only when spoken to, until five when she went to sit down in the same chair in the common room as the day before. She thought the others must be gossiping about her behind her back, laughing at her, and was ready to yell at them to leave her alone when someone sat in the chair opposite. Looking up, however, she found it to be Maddie, who smiled gently at her.

‘You okay?’ she asked.

Agnes shrugged, looking down at her hands.

‘I’m real sorry they’re putting you through all this when you only just got here,’ Maddie continued. ‘They’re a bunch of sadistic assholes. They don’t deserve your tears, baby girl.’

Agnes looked up at her again, and found Maddie’s green eyes locked to hers. She opened her mouth, but somehow sound just wouldn’t come out. Clearing her throat she tried again. ‘After I . . . w-wet myself . . . he beat me. With his belt, hard. It was . . .’ She looked away once more, unable to continue, and felt tears stain her cheeks.

Maddie leaned forward and put her hand on Agnes’s knee. ‘I know. I’ve been there. Hell, I’m still there and believe me, the punishments keep getting more creative. I’ll tell you something, Agnes. The god that demands girls be punished just for being girls is no god of mine. It might surprise you, but I actually believe god is real. He’s nothing like what they make him out to be, though. My god doesn’t want me to feel pain. He doesn’t hate me for what Eve did in the garden. My god makes no demands of me. He only asks that I do right by other folks, if I possibly can, and even when I fail, he forgives me.’

Agnes swallowed and looked around. No one seemed to be listening to their conversation, so she whispered, ‘I don’t believe in god.’

Maddie smiled. ‘That’s okay. You don’t have to. My god would never punish someone for not believing in him. That would be petty and cruel. No, the folks he’ll punish are folks like Portman. Self-righteous, holier-than-though bastards who take his name in vain by professing to do his work, while all they do is hurt people. Those are the ones he’ll punish. Don’t you believe them, Agnes. There is nothing wrong with you. You’re beautiful.’

The door to the common room opened, and Mary-Louise walked in with three other girls. Spotting Agnes and Maddie she strolled over at a leisurely pace. Maddie stood up when she saw her, eyes narrowing.

‘It’s good that you want to make friends, Agnes,’ said Mary-Louise sweetly, ‘but you really could do much better than her. I worry she’ll be a bad influence.’

‘Given up on me, darling?’ said Maddie, just as sweetly.

‘I’ll never give up on anyone who wants to repent, Madeline. In the meantime, I suggest you don’t go spreading your sinfulness to other girls.’

‘Well, someone’s gotta show the kid some basic human kindness,’ Maddie retorted, crossing her arms. ‘Big Sis.’

Mary-Louise smiled sadly. ‘I’ve suggested they let you go, you know. Some folks can’t be helped. But Mr. Portman is a better person than I am. He’s not ready to give up on you just yet.’

Maddie rolled her eyes. ‘Oh, that man is all heart.’ She looked back at Agnes. Her attempted smile came out as more of a grimace. ‘I should go. It’ll be supper time soon, anyway. Be good, baby girl.’

Agnes watched Maddie walk away, and felt a familiar ache in her chest, the same kind of ache she had felt when she said goodbye to Ava, Lily and Wayne the day before her parents shipped her off to Mary Magdalen’s. She looked over at Mary-Louise, wondering if she and her friends were going to sit down with her, but before she had time to ask, they turned their back on her and went over to one of the couches instead. Agnes pulled her knees up to her chin and tried not to cry.

###

After dinner that night she went straight to the showers. She hadn’t gotten to clean herself up properly after wetting herself, and she had felt pretty filthy all day. Taking off her clothes, she caught a glimpse of her bottom in the mirror. Red welts covered her flesh, and seeing them was almost enough to make he cry again. It wasn’t the first time she had been spanked, but her father had never hit her quite so hard.

Hot water was too much for her sore lower back and rear end, and stifling a whimper Agnes turned down the temperature to just below body temperature.

Feeling clean at least, she changed into pyjamas and crawled into bed. Sleeping on her back was not an option, so she lay on her stomach, hugging her pillow underneath her. With the day she had had, she had thought sleep would find her quickly, but no such luck, of course. Instead she lay there listening to the other girls going to bed, trying hard not to think too much. When Mary-Louise entered the dorm Agnes tried very hard to pretend she was asleep, and eventually she drifted off into an uneasy slumber.

*021*2015-10-13 21:30

{{:

Part of this chapter reminded me of some porno.

}}

Lol! Not entirely sure how I'm supposed to take that... I'm not exactly trying to glorify abuse or anything.

