Post-Tailgate Kate

Author: theman08

*000*2024-06-15 20:17

Hi all, this will be a shorter part 3 to the Kate series. I have one more planned after this, and then a different story I want to do involving messing. I don’t know when those will be, but enjoy this in the meantime.

Here’s the first part of this story:

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="259998" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed6941891447" style="height:206px;max-width:502px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/101114-the-tailgate-and-kate/?do=embed"

The final hour of the tailgate went by without issue. After being what she described as the most desperate of her entire life, Kate was understandably cautious. One seltzer was all she sipped. I was happy to see she did recover well from her accident (the alcohol may have helped) and wasn’t taking it too badly. Her leggings also showed very little signs of wetness— there was certainly some around her crotch and butt, but it could be mistaken for shadows by anyone who didn’t know what they were looking for.

Finally, it was time for the game. We packed up the tailgate, and began the roughly 20 minute walk inside. Kate and I walked side by side enjoying the weather and views of the city. The thought crossed my mind that by this point probably a thousand people had looked at Kate, all not knowing (or at least 99%) she had fully pissed herself earlier.

“I’m going to use this bathroom quick,” Kate spoke up. I glanced to see a portable restroom with a line of only two people, which was really short on a day like today.

”What’s wrong with the one you used earlier?” I asked with a smile.

That got a playful hit from her. Kate joined the line, and five minutes later was inside. As soon as she shut the door, a gorgeous brunette approached.

“Can I please go in front of you? Is someone in there?” she asked with a panic.

“My girlfriend just went in there, and I’m not in line, so go ahead.”

She nodded with one hand holding herself, making no signs to hide her desperation.

“She’s going to be quick right? Like it’s just pee?”

I laughed at the question. This woman was clearly desperate and probably a bit drunk to have such a lack of filter. I nodded, still chuckling, “I think so.”

She nodded. Making no effort still to hide her need. She bounced up and down, held herself, and crossed her legs— all the telltale signs. Two minutes later, Kate still hadn’t come out. The brunette knocked on the door frantically, “Please hurry! I’m going to pee my pants!” she yelled. Now at this point I found it odd that she was still in there. It seemed like she’d normally have been done by now. I felt sorry for the girl waiting outside, and had she not been wearing light jean shorts, I may have suggested she let go as Kate did earlier.

The brunette turned to me “Please have her hurry. I need to go so badly, I haven’t peed in hours. My friends all left without me to go in the stadium. I’m seriously about to pee my pants.”

Finally Kate opened the door. A look of relief washed over the brunette’s face. “You’ll have to be creative, the toilet is disgusting,” Kate told her sympathetically. “Sorry it took me a minute.” As the other girl rushed in, Kate turned to me.

“I literally had to stand and pee in the urinal. Normally I wouldn’t because it can be messy, but, you know…”

”Pants need to be washed anyways?”

She nodded “And it was hard to relax myself… that’s why it took longer.”

We continued into the game. Nothing super eventful happened, but our team won, improving the mood of all involved. We made our way back to the car to prepare our drive home. It was now 6 PM, and we had about a 90 minute drive ahead of us with traffic.

About halfway home, Kate turned to me, “How long until we’re home?” she asked.

”About 30 minutes,” I replied, “you okay?”

She nodded. “Yea, I just was wondering.”

I suspected I knew why she asked, but I figured I’d just leave it be for now. We were making good time, and it didn’t seem to be too urgent for her. The good time piece of that changed when red and blue lights suddenly flashed behind us.

”Shit,” I muttered, “I really don’t want to pay a few hundred bucks for a ticket here,” I said pulling over. Kate looked a bit anxious beside me, nervously looking around. After a few minutes, the officer walked up to my window. “Do you know why I pulled you over?” he asked. “I don’t,” I replied. “You were going pretty fast,” he told me in a straight voice.

“It’s my fault, I really need the bathroom,” Kate spoke up out of nowhere. “I’m sorry I told him to drive faster. I’m having an emergency,” she added with a fully desperate tone. I looked over to see her now fully bouncing with a hand desperately jammed between her legs. The officer looked at her a bit confused. “I understand, well I’ll need registration and your license, I’ll try to be quick.” “Kate, can you grab the registration from the glovebox please?” I asked. Now fully tensed, she leaned forward. After a few seconds, she pulled it out, and began to sit up. Halfway through, she let out a yelp and spread her legs. I looked down to see a strong stream from her leggings, soaking her in seat. “Oh no! I’m so sorry!” she cried out. She then jammed her legs and hands together, now doing anything to stop it. After a few seconds, it seemed she was finally able to regain some control, but she still held herself tightly.

”Why don’t you go get her cleaned up… just try to be a bit more careful,” the officer spoke up. I nodded, “thank you sir.”

He turned around and walked back to his car, while we quickly drove off. I turned to Kate “I’m so sorry. I didn’t know you couldn’t hold it.”

She looked at me, “I could have… butttttt you said you didn’t want a ticket.” I looked at her with shock and confusion. “It worked, didn’t it? Just use the money to get me a nice dinner tomorrow,” she said with a smile.

”You’re incredible,” I replied.

”I know,” she said with a smile, “but now that I stopped halfway through I actually do have to go pretty badly.”

”You can just finish at this point,” I replied, not wondering where the line was with her sudden newfound confidence.

She shook her head, “I don’t want to flood this car, but I’m going as soon as we get home.”

I nodded. I couldn’t believe I’d seen my beautiful girlfriend piss herself twice today. I couldn’t believe she was willing to risk it for me. I was in heaven. All I could think about was how I wished I could watch her accidents again. I wished I could see her at the cooler. I wished I could see her pee right in the seat again. I wished I could relive this day.

We finally pulled into the driveway after the long drive home. Kate would soon be able to release the rest of her bladder. “Okay holding the rest of this sucked. Especially when I’m sitting in a soaked seat. But it’s like pushing to come out.” As we pulled in and parked, Kate immediately stood up and got out. “Oohhh… that made it so much worse. I almost lost it.”

“If it’s that bad, just let go,” I told her. “Rather you do that than leave a puddle on the floor inside.”

“I’m not going to lose control on the floor, I can pee in the toilet like a big girl,” she said sarcastically.

I opened the door to the house, and our laundry room was the first room we’d go through.

”I’m going to just strip down here rather than drip through the halls,” she said with a laugh.

She first kicked her shoes off, then peeled her top, revealing her perfectly perky boobs. As she went to pee her leggings and thong down, she found more difficulty. The wetness and heat had caused them to be quite sticky and difficult to take off. About halfway through pulling on them, Kate got a look of panic. She suddenly reopened the door to the outside, completely naked sans the leggings wrapped around her knees. Luckily for her it was night and we were pretty secluded, but it was still risky. The moment she stepped outside she immediately let go and began peeing everywhere. Much of it landed in her pants, while some splattered around her, creating yet another puddle surrounding her. I stared as my naked girlfriend pissed herself for the third time of the day, this time leaving nothing to the imagination. Despite releasing some in the car, she still continued to produce a solid stream for nearly a minute.

Finally, she slowed her stream to an end. Now facing much less pressure, she peeled off her bottoms, balled them up, and came back inside, tossing them in the wash.

“At least that way the car is the only place you have to clean up.”

