Rarity's Muddy Dare

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2026-01-14 19:29

An Equestria Girls story where Applejack dares Rarity to sit in the mud for three days straight. Of course, she's not going to be able to hold it that long. (And just to be safe, they've graduated from Canterlot High, any stories I make with them they've either graduated or are in Grade 12).

There is a messing scene as well, but I will hide that under a spoiler. If you are not into messing, ignore it and say it never happened in your version of the story.

Rarity's Muddy Dare

Rarity had been going out with Applejack quite a bit since graduation. In a way they found their contrasting qualities endearing. Rarity was prim and ladylike and would avoid getting dirty when possible, and Applejack disliked girly stuff and was not at all bothered by getting dirty, sometimes getting covered in mud like it was no big deal. At least she showered often so as to not make it too unpleasant for Rarity to be around her.

Then one day, Applejack decided to shake things up a bit.

"Rarity, I dare you to sit in the mud puddle in mah backyard for three days."

"Sit in the mud? For three days?" Rarity looked aghast. "Good heavens, why in the world would I ever do that?"

"Because if you do, I'll wear a frou frou dress for three days."

Rarity smiled deviously at the thought of the tomboyish farm girl in a frou frou dress. "Oh, it is on!"

So, Rarity put on a light blue tank top and a short, tight pair of purple shorts, ones she was sure would wash up nicely. They walked into Applejack's backyard. Rarity walked into the mud puddle, getting her shoes all muddy. After a brief moment of hesitation, she sat down in the mud. She cringed at feeling the wet, gooey muck beneath her rear, dirtying the seat of her shorts. But she reminded herself it would be worth it to see Applejack dress up.

"Wow, Rares, I didn't think you'd actually do it," said Applejack, enjoying the sight of this.

As the day went by, Applejack gave Rarity some cider. If the mud looked like it would dry, Applejack would spray it with the hose. She didn't spray Rarity, just around her, the wetness in the mud would spread to her, and she didn't want to rinse her for the three days.

Soon, Rarity's cider hit her, and she had to go to the bathroom. She fidgeted, the mud around her bottom making squelching noises, feeling so squishy under her.

"Does someone have to go to the bathroom?" Applejack asked with an amused look on her face.

"Yes, I do need to go rather urgently," said Rarity with as much dignity as she could muster.

"Well, you can get up at any time. But if you do, the deal's off. You want me to wear that dress, you gotta sit there the whole three days."

Rarity whimpered slightly as she fidgeted. She considered her options. She could get up and use the bathroom to avoid an accident. It would be the most ladylike thing to do. But, she really wanted to see Applejack wear that frou frou dress, and if she had to do something even more unladylike than sit in mud, it would be worth it to her.

She held it until she felt she was about to burst. There was no chance she'd last the three days. There was only one way to win the dare. She stopped trying to hold it, spread her legs, and wet her shorts. She blushed with embarrassment, feeling quite foolish that she was really peeing her shorts in front of Applejack. But she couldn't help but sigh of immense relief at finally relieving herself, and the warm release did feel nice. As well as knowing that Applejack would like it. The wetness spread through her shorts and added to the mud she sat in.

Applejack stared as the girl she liked peed herself. "Hehe, wow Rarity, I didn't think you'd go that far, I gotta be honest."

"You'd be surprised what lengths I'd go to for some things," said Rarity. She finished peeing and sighed again. "Ahh, that's better."

...

When it was nighttime, Applejack said "You wanna back out to sleep in a bed, or you gonna go all the way and sleep out here?"

"I already wet myself," said Rarity. "I think sleeping here won't be much trouble."

"Good girl. Now, just to make sure you don't sneak out while I'm asleep..." Applejack sat down in the mud next to Rarity, dirtying the seat of her jeans, and tied her wrist to Rarity's with a rope. "I tied this knot a certain way. If you untie it, sneak out, then tie us back together, I'll know."

"Oh, it shouldn't come to that, darling. But you do look rather cute sitting in mud. I can see why you wanted me to."

"Hehe, thanks, sugarcube."

So they sat in the mud until they fell asleep. Rarity dreamed that she was putting on a fashion show, but then a mudslide came in, covering her from head to toe.

That morning, Rarity woke up to the sound of the cock crowing. She woke up really needing to pee. When she realized she was sitting in mud, she quickly remembered her bet with Applejack. So, she peed in her shorts (the front of which had nearly dried since her last wetting), sighing of relief.

Applejack woke up. "Good morning, Rarity."

"Good morning, Applejack."

Applejack checked the rope. "Good girl, you've been here all night." She untied herself from Rarity. "Did you go to the bathroom this morning?"

"Yes, I did," said Rarity, blushing lightly.

"Well, I suppose I might as well give you something for lastin' the night and wettin' yourself multiple times." She sighed of relief as she took her morning pee in her jeans.

"Awwww," said Rarity. If there was any shame she felt about peeing herself in front of Applejack, it was now gone.

"I've gotten messier than this workin' around the farm, or havin' mud fights with Rainbow Dash," said Applejack. "And sometimes I don't feel like takin' bathroom breaks. Besides," she chuckled, "this is a might more pleasant for me than wearin' that frou frou dress will be."

Rarity giggled at the thought. Applejack was going to wear that dress in two more days.

...

Messing scene in the spoiler below.

Spoiler

For lunch, Applejack gave Rarity some chili.

"Applejack, darling, you know what chili does to me," said Rarity.

"If you don't eat it, I'm not wearin' that dress," said Applejack.

Rarity sighed and ate the chili before washing it down with cider.

Soon, Rarity let out several wet farts, which sounded wetter and sloppier since she was sitting in mud. Applejack was laughing at how Rarity's farts sounded, and Rarity blushed, but she couldn't help but smile slightly.

It wasn't long before Rarity's farts got wetter and stinkier, her stomach gurgling more loudly.

"Phew, Rarity, we need to get you to a bathroom now!" said Applejack, fanning the air with her hat.

"This will be most unpleasant," said Rarity. "But, I've come this far. I sat in the mud for a day and I wet myself many times. If I back down now, it's all for nothing." With that, she grunted, lifted her legs, and with a loud SPLORCH!, filled her shorts with explosive diarrhea. She sighed of relief and wiggled her messy butt around. "Ooh, this is most unpleasant... but it'll be worth it." A sloppy wet fart made its way out of her and she blushed.

"Hehe, nice one, Rarity," said Applejack. Rarity smiled slightly seeing how much Applejack was enjoying this, and thinking of her reward once this was done.

...

Eventually, Rarity's three days were up. Applejack kept track of the exact minute.

"Congratulations, Rarity," said Applejack. "You win."

Rarity was dissheveled and smelly, especially her shorts and her armpits. She hadn't bathed for three days, she had been sitting in the mud and going to the bathroom in her shorts, but she felt good knowing that she won the dare. She stood up, wobbling around a bit, the seat of her shorts looking very messy. "Well, now that that's done, it is time for your end of the bargain. Go and change before you wash me."

"Hehe, I guess I gotta do it, don't I?" said Applejack, who was still wearing her dirty jeans from three days ago, having sat in the mud with Rarity every night. She walked inside and emerged wearing a pink frou frou dress.

Rarity giggled despite the state she was in. "You look smashing," she said.

Applejack blushed but smiled. "It was worth it seein' you sittin' in the mud wettin' yourself for three days."

"And it was worth that seeing you in this dress."

"But now you need a bath. No offense, Rarity, but you really stink."

Rarity sniffed her armpit. "Ugh. No argument here."

So Applejack hosed Rarity down, especially spraying her rear end to wash all the mess off of her shorts. Then she filled a wooden tub with warm soapy water. Rarity climbed into the tub, still in her stinky shorts, and Applejack washed her all over, rinsing her hair and lathering it with shampoo. Though Rarity was unaccustomed to taking a bath like this, she sighed in pleasure at getting clean, especially as Applejack washed her smelly armpits. She spent about ten minutes washing her butt with soap, which Rarity always enjoyed Applejack giving her behind some attention. Finally, Rarity was sparkly clean and dripping wet, and sat outside on the grass with Applejack as the sun dried her.

"Now remember, Applejack, you have to wear that dress for three days," said Rarity.

"Can I get it messy?" Applejack asked.

"Get that dress messy?" Rarity asked. "Well... we never said you couldn't, so if you really feel like it. And you can lift it up and remove your underwear to go to the bathroom if you want."

"I might do that," said Applejack, though every morning she had woken up beside Rarity she had peed her jeans, which she was wearing under this dress. "But I'll probably get it messy then shower in it."

Rarity rolled her eyes but smiled slightly. She felt that this experience had brought them even closer. Maybe someday she'd do some work around the farm with her.

