It All Started One Halloween Night

Author: throwomo

*000*2019-11-01 03:35

It's my first time writing any kind of story. This might be something I continue so I was going to make the title a little more general, but decided against it. If it continues, it continues. If not, at least the title is representative.

This story is about a college girl being introduced to something she would have never guessed she would have. It starts out as she's getting ready for a Halloween party. The subject matter may likely get mature (adult content). Interested to see what you think.

Chapter 1

Friday night before Halloween

Texting:

###

Amanda: Can you come over later? I'm having a hard time putting my costume together?

Steph: Don't worry about it. I'll be over in a bit. I already picked up some accessories for our costumes.

Amanda: Ugh, I wish you hadn't done that. Everything at the Halloween store is always so overpriced. I could have made out with what I have laying around.

Steph: Geez, calm down. I didn't go to the Halloween store. Barely spent any money. You don't owe me anything.

And I'd be a little concerned if you were able to make due with what you had laying around, haha.

Amanda: You'd be surprised with how many things you can come up with using just a couple of bed sheets.

Steph: Well, this isn't a toga party, you can't just go wearing bed sheets.

Amanda: Whatever. Besides, that's not my concern with the costume. I'm looking through my clothes and can't find anything that I can use. I have a tutu from an old costume, but it doesn't quite convey 'baby'. People won't understand the costume, they'll just think I'm a lazy ballerina.

Plus, it's really short; too revealing.

Steph: It wasn't too revealing when you wore it before?

Amanda: I wore leggings under it. I didn't think they'd go with the costume

Steph: No, they would not. Besides, they'd defeat the purpose of the costume accessories I just bought.

Amanda: How would they 'defeat the purpose of the costume"? (You plan on getting us fake tattoos that spell it out for everyone? At least that'll let everyone know what our costume is.)

Steph: Haha, no. I guess you'll just have to find out.

I'm about to pay, gotta go

Amanda: Ugh, fine. See you in a bit.

###

Amanda continued looking through her wardrobe trying to put together a costume for the party that night.

"Ugh, not this one. This is just a normal outfit. Can I even button these shorts anymore?"

"Hmm, this might work." Amanda pulled out a white t-shirt dress. It was rather plain, but had a pink pink trim and had an overall appearance of being girly. "It's not too obvious, but if I put my hair in pig tails with some ribbon..."

Already standing in her bra, Amanda pulled the dress over her head and removed her jeans, kicking them off to the side. She then grabbed some pink ribbon she had in her junk drawer from previous arts and crafts projects, and tied her hair up in pig tails. She inspected herself in the mirror. Too her surprise, it looked pretty good.

"Not bad! However, this looks a little too provocative to be a baby costume" Amanda was relatively tall and had a slender body. Although her breasts were on the small side, her push-up bra was definitely distracting from the innocent nature of the costume.

Amanda, not wanting to contend with the sleeves of her dress, pulled it off before undoing and removing her bra. She took a moment to admire herself in the mirror. She stood wearing only her white bikini underwear. Her slim frame lacked the curves that many women desired, but her abs still subtly stood out, and her breasts were perky.

She threw the dress back over her head and examined her costume in the mirror again. "Much better" she said. This time, her breasts made only subtle impressions, leaving her outfit to appear more juvenile. She did notice, however, that as she moved around her dress would lay against her and she could faintly see her underwear through her dress. "Shit." She began holding the dress tight to her to further examine the situation. From the front it wasn't too bad. Just a little noticeable over her hip bones. She turned around and held the dress tight against her butt. She bent forward a little to get a better view, and just as did so, Steph barged in.

"What's up!" yelled Steph, as she entered the door. Amanda quickly shot up, releasing her dress and turning to face the door where the intruder just came in. "What were you just up to?" Steph said teasingly. "Admiring yourself?"

Amanda, embarrassed and now red in the face from blushing, replied "No!" perhaps a little too guilitly. "No, I was just seeing how see through my dress is. I just noticed I could see my underwear through it."

"Well, that'll teach you not to wear white underwear under white clothing. You always need to choose nude colors when wearing white."

Amanda blushed even harder, knowing that her friend, indeed, was also able to see through her dress.

"Anyway, It doesn't matter since you'll be wearing these instead." And without warning, Steph threw the package she had been carrying in her shopping bag at Amanda. Amanda reflexively caught the package. Tena Overnight Underwear, the package read.

"You bought diapers?"

To be continued...

