My fictional story

Author: ThoughtsOfLife

*000*2011-06-10 06:24

Okay let's see here one time there was a girl named hasuka

So one day hasuka had a lot to drink during lunch because even though she knows she has a weak bladder she forgot to restrict her drinking. well she was fine through the day and made it home okay... just a little spot was on her panties with a sigh she thought about how badly that could have turned out had she not made it home in time.

Well for the next few days hasuka remembered to restrict her drinking and she had no issues for about a week.

Well she didn't last long that next friday hasuka once again forgot to control how much she drank and around the last class of the day had an accident... "oh no" she thought "everyone is staring at me! im so embarrassed!"... every one started to laugh at hasuka for wetting her self like a little baby "baby girl" they began to call her and other names like "diaper lover" and "little baby" hasuka heard the things they said and she began to cry and this only made everyone jeer at her more and began to chant "crybaby", "crybaby" over and over hasuka had had enough of this and ran out into the hallway and towards the door.

Hasukas' mother heard about what had happened at the school and was unsure of how to approach her daughter about the matter. she asked hasuka what she thought they should do about this so it didn't happen again. hasukas mother suggested that she wear a diaper to school and her daughter immediately rejected the idea but then thought about how when she had her accident she was laughed at by everyone and finally agreed to wear a diaper to school well no one ever noticed these diapers and soon the whole event was forgotten.

Hasuka thought to herself. i kind of like these diapers they re warm and puffy and soft when i sit down.

One day she was feeling adventurous and thought she should on purpose have an accident in her diapers so she could keep wearing them because her mom said as long as she had accidents she would wear the diapers as a precaution so she went to school and drank as much as she could during the lunch break and repeatedly between classes she would drink from the fountain and during the last period of class she was near to bursting so she tried to hold it as long as she could and finally she felt the warm pee squirt out of her like a hose it felt warm and wet and she sat there in ecstasy at what she had done there was so much it practically filled the diaper with urine.

When she got home her mother saw the diaper and asked why she wet herself and she replied that she liked to wear diapers and would continue to have accidents until she was allowed to wear thwm whenever she liked and immediately went #2 in her diaper as well she was shocked she was able to do this and was turned on by all of her rebellious wetting and was from then treated like a baby in her household.

The end. B)

