The Pony Omorashi Collection

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-11-21 07:33

"It's all right Rainbow Dash," said Applejack, and she helped the pee-soaked mare get to her feet. "Let's get you home."

They boarded the train that went back to Ponyville. There were no other ponies in the car. Rainbow Dash sat in her wet shorts, still feeling ashamed.

"I'm sorry ah wouldn't let you go before," said Applejack.

"It's all right," said Rainbow Dash. She was still embarrassed, but she had secretly enjoyed the feeling of peeing herself, and now she knew Applejack wouldn't think any less of her for it.

"Remember our deal. You can have all the cider you want today."

Rainbow Dash was feeling much better already.

When they reached Ponyville, Rainbow Dash flew high in the air to Sweet Apple Acres, avoiding being seen. Afterward, she drank 20 cups of cider.

When Rainbow returned to her house, she felt she needed to pee again. Though not nearly as badly as last time, she sat on the toilet, without pulling her shorts down, and began peeing.

Fluttershy's Desperation

Fluttershy chugged down glass after glass of water.

It was a hot summer day, and she had just finished a game of buckball with Rainbow Dash and Applejack, with Pinkie Pie on her team. So, naturally, she was very thirsty. Applejack poured several cups of cider from a barrel she brought with her, and they all drank several cups of cider. Fluttershy drank ten glasses of water and six cups of cider.

After shaking Rainbow Dash's hoof, Fluttershy returned to her cottage to feed her pets, and see that they were all doing all right. This took about a half hour.

Once she was done, she made her way to the train station, for she had volunteered to enter Rarity's fashion show in Manehattan. She felt nervous about going onstage, but at least this time she knew there would be many other ponies onstage with her, which was a lot easier for her, since she didn't have much difficulty with the fashion show alongside her friends for the dresses Rarity designed for the gala.

Fluttershy and Rarity sat together on the train as it started its journey to Manehattan. Only a few minutes into the train ride, did Fluttershy realize she needed to pee. She realized that she had forgotten to take her morning pee today, and all she had drank after the buckball game had gone through her. She held it in, too shy to tell Rarity she needed to use the bathroom, and hoping she'd get the chance at Manehattan.

They reached Manehattan, and went to the building where the fashion show was taking place. Fluttershy glanced toward a bathroom they walked by, but was too shy to ask Rarity to stop.

Rarity showed Fluttershy and two other mares the outfits they were to wear. The other two mares picked their outfits first, leaving Fluttershy with a skintight sparkly purple bodysuit. Fluttershy put it on with difficulty, concealing her need to pee.

Rarity's team would be going onstage last, with four other sets of ponies going before her. The fourth of which was Suri Polomare's team. As Suri walked by Rarity after her turn, she sneered at her and said "Your stupid outfits will never beat mine." She kicked Fluttershy in the butt, nearly causing her to lose it, but she held it in.

Fluttershy and the other mares went onstage. Fluttershy was very nervous. She knew the attention would be shared with the ponies on either side of her, but if she peed in Rarity's outfit onstage, it would be unbelievable humiliation for her!

Soon, she walked off the stage, and Prim Hemline declared Rarity the winner. As Rarity took her trophy, Fluttershy seized the opportunity and ran to the nearest bathroom. Once inside, she saw to her dismay that the stalls were all full. Fluttershy didn't want to keep Rarity waiting, so after waiting for about half a minute, she ran back outside to rejoin Rarity.

Fluttershy was very uncomfortable for the train ride back. Rarity didn't notice, because she was too satisfied at having won the fashion show, and Fluttershy was concealing her desperation, trying hard not to fidget.

"Fluttershy, darling, you can change out of that outfit if you want," said Rarity. "It is a hot day."

"Um..." Fluttershy hadn't removed it because she was afraid she might pee if she tried to take it off. But, she wanted to hide her desperation. "I want to wear this all day as a symbol of how amazing your fashion designs are."

"Aw, that's so sweet."

Fluttershy bit her lower lip. She had always been too shy to say when she needed to pee, resulting in her holding for extended periods of time. Usually she could hold it for a long time, but one time after a cider drinking contest with Rainbow Dash three years ago, she had peed in her bunny costume after passing up numerous chances to go due to her bladder shyness. Fortunately she had been right next to a river and deliberately fallen into it, so that no one had ever known. Her holding capacity had increased since then, but she wasn't sure how long she could hold for.

Finally, the train arrived at Ponyville. Fluttershy ran toward her cottage.

"Fluttershy!" came a voice. She turned to see Rainbow Dash. "Wanna do an aerial relay with me? I'm racing against Spitfire and Soarin at Cloudsdale!"

Fluttershy didn't want to race. She wanted to find a bathroom. But she couldn't disappoint Rainbow Dash, and she was too shy to say why she refused. "I... I'd love to."

Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash flew to Cloudsdale. Fluttershy trying her hardest to hold it in.

"Why are you wearing that outfit?" said Rainbow Dash.

"It was for Rarity's fashion show," said Fluttershy. "And she won. I'll wear this with pride for the rest of the day."

"Suit yourself," said Rainbow Dash.

They reached Cloudsdale, and stood at the side of the arena.

"There's still a few minutes before the race," said Rainbow Dash. "I have to go to the bathroom." She ran into the bathroom.

Fluttershy wished there was another bathroom close by so she could go without making a fuss.

Once Rainbow Dash was out, she said "Do you need to go to the bathroom too?"

"I..." Fluttershy blushed a little. This was her chance, but... "I'm fine."

"All right, then let's go!" said Rainbow Dash, flying to her starting position.

Fluttershy flew to the start of the race beside Soarin, regretting her decision to not use the bathroom.

"Ready... get set... go!" said the announcer.

Fluttershy and Soarin took off. Soarin was a Wonderbolt, one of the greatest flyers in Equestria, and most ponies wouldn't be a match for him, especially Fluttershy.

But Fluttershy needed to pee really badly. Desperate to finish the race and find relief, she flew faster than she usually would, and was only slightly beside Soarin when she reached Rainbow Dash and gave her the horseshoe. Rainbow Dash won the race.

As Rainbow Dash claimed her trophy, Fluttershy sneaked off to the bathroom, only to find it was lined up with ponies that had been sitting there for over an hour waiting for the show. She stood in line for a bit, but upon seeing Rainbow Dash fly back with her trophy in search of her, she walked back over to her.

"Wow, you flew pretty fast," said Rainbow Dash.

"I... I knew you really wanted to win," said Fluttershy. Her outfit was soaked with sweat, but she knew it would still be noticeable if she peed herself.

Rainbow and Fluttershy flew back to Ponyville, and by the time they arrived, the summer heat had evaporated all the sweat off Fluttershy's outfit. Fluttershy ran toward her cottage, hoping to get to the bathroom this time.

"Surprise!" said Pinkie Pie, jumping out with some balloons and streamers.

Fluttershy was startled, and nearly wet herself there, but she just managed to hold it in.

"I'm throwing a spontaneous and random party at Sugarcube Corner, and you're invited!" said Pinkie Pie, giving an invitation to Fluttershy.

"When it this?" said Fluttershy.

"Right now!"

"All right." She really needed to pee, but she didn't want to disappoint Pinkie Pie, and would probably have a chance to use the bathroom at the party.

They walked to Sugarcube Corner, and the festivities of the party began. Or rather continued, since Pinkie had noticed Fluttershy walk by and ran over to invite her.

During Pin the Tail on the Pony, Fluttershy quietly tiptoed to the bathroom, but found it occupied. She sat in view of the bathroom door, fidgeting a little as her need to pee grew by the minute.

Lyra Heartstrings came out of the bathroom, and Fluttershy was about to go next when Shoeshine ran into the bathroom. Fluttershy waited for her to come out, feeling the pressure grow more.

"Hey, Fluttershy!" said Pinkie Pie. "Wanna try some cake?"

Fluttershy couldn't refuse. Pinkie cut a slice of cake for her, which was delicious, but she couldn't fully enjoy it with how badly she needed to pee. Once she was done, and she noticed Shoeshine in the room, Fluttershy made her way to the bathroom again, but it was occupied once more.

Before whoever was in could come out, Pinkie called her over to Twilight Sparkle reading a Daring Do book to them. Once she was done, the party was over.

Fluttershy decided she would run back to her cottage and use the bathroom there, for she wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it for.

"Fluttershy," said Twilight, "I'm going to Canterlot to preside over an animal event. Would you like to come?"

"An animal event?" said Fluttershy. She couldn't say no. "I'd love to!"

They boarded the train for Canterlot, and once again Fluttershy was too shy to use the bathroom on the train. So she held it in and hid all signs of her desperation from Twilight.

When they reached Canterlot, Twilight led Fluttershy to the garden. Fluttershy wasn't sure of what Twilight was doing, or what the event was about, but Twilight told her she could play with the animals. Fluttershy did so for about five minutes, until a jolt from her bladder reminded her how badly she needed to pee. She ran to the nearest bathroom, but once again, all the stalls were full.

She returned to the animals and played with them for another half hour, having fun and forgetting her need to pee for a while.

Until she leaked a bit into her skintight outfit. Fluttershy let out a small whimper. She knew she couldn't hold it much longer. So, she walked up to Twilight, positioning her legs so that the damp spot on her outfit wasn't visible.

"Um... Twilight... there's something I forgot to do back at my cottage. I hope it's all right if I leave."

"Sure," said Twilight. "You can always come back when you want."

Fluttershy quickly ran to the train station. The train wasn't coming for another five minutes, and Fluttershy waited impatiently for it to get here, pee dancing. About a minute before the train's arrival, she remembered the train station had a bathroom, and ran to it, but found it occupied.

Then the train arrived, and Fluttershy ran onto it. With no one to tell of her need to pee, she quickly ran to the train's bathroom, but to her horror it had the dreaded "Out of Order" sign on it. Fluttershy whimpered and sat back down. No one else was on the train so she fidgeted hard with her legs crossed tight. She really needed to go.

After what felt like hours, the train reached Ponyville, and Fluttershy ran to her cottage.

"Fluttershy!" came Applejack's voice. Fluttershy turned as Applejack ran over to her.

"Yes, Applejack?" said Fluttershy, trying to ignore the throbbing in her aching bladder.

"Some damn beavers are making a dam at Sweet Apple Acres," said Applejack. "Can you get them to stop?"

"Of course," said Fluttershy, feeling very uncomfortable. She leaked a little more when they reached the dam, at the sight of the water there.

Fluttershy walked over to the beavers.

"Please stop making the dam at Sweet Apple Acres," she said, trying to keep the desperation out of her voice. "It really doesn't go a lot of good for the ponies living there."

The beavers cursed at her.

"I SAID STOP!" said Fluttershy. She put both her hooves over her mouth, but the beavers took down their dam and ran.

"Thank you kindly, Fluttershy," said Applejack.

"Don't mention it," said Fluttershy, and she ran.

She raced back to her cottage as fast as her legs could carry her, dribbling the whole way. The crotch of her outfit was wet, but not soaked, as she finally reached her cottage.

Just as she was making a break for her door, a humongous dragon flew by just above her.

Fluttershy froze. This dragon meant no harm, and was just doing a peaceful fly-by, but Fluttershy was still terrified of big dragons. She trembled with fear as she began peeing herself uncontrollably. She could feel the crotch and back legs of her skintight bodysuit become soaked, and within seconds she was standing in a huge puddle.

She peed for just under two minutes. The dragon was long gone, and Fluttershy sighed of relief, both that the dragon was out of sight, and that her bladder was empty.

It then hit her that she had wet herself. Again. Her outfit was soaked and she was standing in her own puddle of piss. She sat down in her puddle, blushing beet red with shame, and began to sob.

She quickly pulled herself together, reminding herself that no one had seen her accident. It was hardly the first time, and she'd gotten over that too. She allowed herself to enjoy the relief of her empty bladder after holding it in for so long, and then entered her cottage, made her way to the bathroom, and started a bubble bath.

She'd make sure to wash this outfit thoroughly for Rarity, and she'd tell her that she wanted it to be completely clean because it had gotten a little sweaty during her race with Rainbow Dash. For it had been, and Rarity was fussy about that. She felt much better knowing that no one would ever know.

And, a part of her had secretly enjoyed wetting herself.

Pinkie Pie's Desperation

Pinkie Pie was hanging out with Discord at Sugarcube Corner, for they both found each others' antics to be fun.

"Wanna try the cake?" said Pinkie Pie, handing him a huge cake.

"It looks delicious!" said Discord, as he took it.

He was about to bite into the cake when it exploded, showering him with frosting.

"Gotchya!" said Pinkie, who had rigged the cake to explode.

Discord chuckled, for he found it amusing.

"But there's cakes that aren't gonna explode in the pantry over there."

Discord walked over to it and opened the door, but a bucket of water fell on him. Pinkie fell on her back and laughed harder. Discord laughed a little more too.

"Wanna try some cupcakes?" said Pinkie, holding out a tray.

Discord stuffed one cupcake into his mouth and swallowed it whole, and immediately started breathing fire, for Pinkie Pie had put hot sauce on the cupcakes instead of frosting. He quickly drank some water, and laughed with Pinkie at her latest prank.

"Your pranks are really sneaky, Pinkie Pie!" said Discord. "I'm gonna have to top that sometime!"

...

The next day, Pinkie Pie put on skintight teal shorts and a yellow tank top, and began exercising.

She took a break, dripping with sweat, and as she was about to start again, a sudden urge to pee hit her. Was this the five sodas she had drank this morning? It didn't matter - she needed to go!

Pinkie zipped into her bathroom, and paused. She must have ran into the wrong room, for instead of a bathroom with a sink, bathtub, and toilet, there was an open field with a running waterfall. The sound of running water made her uncomfortable, but she decided she'd just go for a swim and pee in the water. She ran toward the river at the bottom of the waterfall, but hit an invisible barrier and fell on her butt. She banged on the barrier for about a minute, and, realizing she wasn't going to the river anytime soon, exited the room.

She looked for her bathroom, feeling her need to pee increase every minute, but she couldn't find it. It had to be the first door she checked. Someone had changed her bathroom into... she didn't know what it was, but it definitely wasn't a bathroom anymore!

She left Sugarcube Corner to look for another bathroom somewhere, and then ask Twilight to fix her bathroom. She found an outhouse, and tried to open the door, but it was locked, as the outhouse was occupied.

Pinkie didn't want to waste more time finding an outhouse. She was close to the train station, and she could hear the train coming in, so she boarded the train, deciding to use its bathroom.

As soon as the train took off, Pinkie zipped toward the train bathroom, but to her dismay it had an "Out of Order" sign on it. Pinkie returned to her seat and fidgeted, crossing her legs.

By now the sweat had evaporated off her outfit.

Pinkie was so focused on how badly she needed to pee that she hadn't been paying attention to where the train was headed. The train arrived at its destination - Appleoosa! Pinkie raced out of the train to find an outhouse. She ran toward the spot where she knew the nearest outhouse was, but it was lined up. Pinkie stood in line, doing the pee dance, but the ponies in front always took between three and five minutes, and there were ten ponies in front of her at the start.

By the time there were only five ponies in line besides her, Pinkie felt a jolt in her bladder. She didn't want to wait in line, so she ran toward the next closest outhouse. She was relieved that there was no lineup - but when she got close she saw an "Out of Order" sign.

She ran to the third outhouse in Appleoosa, and felt a little better seeing there was neither a sign nor a line. However, she found that the door was locked. It was occupied.

Pinkie would have to find a bathroom somewhere else! She quickly ran back onto the train, feeling more desperate by the second. She ran to the train's bathroom again, hoping it would be available this time, but the "Out of Order" sign was still up. So she returned to her seat and fidgeted even harder, crossing her legs as tight as she could.

After a VERY uncomfortable train ride, the train arrived at its next destination - Manehattan.

At a speed to rival Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie zipped to the nearest outhouse. To her immense relief, the door opened. Pinkie entered the outhouse - only to find that there was no toilet inside.

"WHAT?!?" exclaimed Pinkie Pie, feeling ten times more uncomfortable now that relief had been snatched from her at the last second.

She decided to go to a restaurant. It would have a bathroom, and she was feeling a little hungry. And thirsty.

Entering the restaurant, Pinkie ordered her meal, and a large glass of soda. She didn't care how much it would make her have to pee later, for she could use the bathroom right now.

Once the waiter left, Pinkie ran into the restaurant bathroom. All the stalls were empty, much to her relief. She was finally going to relieve herself and there was nothing that could stop her.

Pinkie entered the stall, sat on the toilet, and began to pee.

She had just peed for three seconds, and was about to sigh in relief, when suddenly the toilet disappeared, and Pinkie fell on her butt. She quickly stopped peeing and looked around. "Hey, what gives?"

She pulled her shorts back up and checked the other stalls. All their toilets were gone. There was something very fishy going on around here, but at the moment she didn't care what was causing it - she REALLY needed to go!

Pinkie returned to her table, fidgeting the entire time. Her meal of hay burgers and cake arrived, along with her soda. After wolfing down her food, she guzzled her soda in one gulp. She knew she'd regret it later, but she was really thirsty.

After paying the bill, Pinkie ran to the next outhouse, but found about eleven ponies in line for it. She wasn't sure she would make it if she stood in line that long, so she returned to the train.

Again, she found the train bathroom to be out of order. During the train ride, she could feel her need to pee increase drastically. The soda had already gone through her. Pinkie was more desperate than she had ever been in her life, and knew she was going to have an accident if she didn't find relief soon!

The train arrived in Ponyville. Pinkie wasn't sure what she could do. Her bathroom wasn't working, but there was always the hope there would be an outhouse available.

"Hey, Pinkie Pie!" said Rainbow Dash as she, Applejack, and Fluttershy walked up to her. "The three of us were just saying we should play some buckball with you, just for fun! You in?"

"You bet! Sounds like fun!" Pinkie had briefly forgotten how badly she needed to pee, because she loved playing any game with her friends and was never one to miss an opportunity to do so. She instantly regretted this, but felt it was too late to turn back now!

They made their way to a field. Pinkie Pie was on Fluttershy's team as usual, but Pinkie's extreme desperation prevented her from playing to her full potential. The pressure in her bladder grew heavier and heavier as the game progressed, and the pee sloshing inside her was very uncomfortable. At one point, she hit the ball with her rump, causing her to leak a bit.

"Pinkie Pie, what the hay is going on?" said Rainbow Dash. "You're usually so good at this!"

"I really, really, REALLY need to pee, like, REALLY badly!" said Pinkie. Her shorts were damp with sweat, and a little damper on the crotch where she had leaked.

"Why didn't you say so?" said Applejack. "There's an outhouse over there."

Pinkie ran into the outhouse without a moment's hesitation, only to find something that left her both puzzled and frustrated.

In place of a toilet was a hologram of a fountain. The sound of its running water made her leak a little more.

Pinkie ran outside the outhouse.

"That was fast," said Rainbow Dash.

"There's no toilet in there!" said Pinkie.

Applejack looked inside the outhouse. "Yes there is."

Pinkie ran into the outhouse again, but the fountain hologram was still there. She ran back outside and found a bush. She ran behind the bush and tried to pull her shorts off, but for some reason they wouldn't come off! She pulled as hard as she could, but it wouldn't work. Maybe it was how sweaty she was, though her shorts were only damp, they were far from soaked, and it would be very noticeable if she wet herself.

Pinkie leaked a little more, and she let out a frustrated groan and ran back to Ponyville.

Applejack watched her run. "Ah don't know what's gotten into her."

"She's just being Pinkie Pie," said Rainbow Dash.

Fluttershy giggled.

Pinkie decided to use a bathroom in Twilight's castle. It would be cooler inside, and the sweat had evaporated off her by now. Twilight, Spike, and Starlight were away at the time, but this was partly her castle too.

As she ran, she felt like she was about to burst. She couldn't hold on much longer.

She ran into the nearest bathroom in Twilight's castle, but its toilet was gone. She ran into the second bathroom, but in place of a toilet was a boulder. She ran into the third bathroom, and saw the toilet there. Feeling relieved, she made her way toward the toilet, but it suddenly turned into a miniature tree.

Pinkie could hold it no longer. She began wetting her shorts, sighing in relief at the feeling of the warm wetness soaking her crotch and her back legs. Rivers of pee gushed down her legs and a puddle rapidly grew under her.

It felt a little embarrassing to pee herself like this, but Pinkie had done lots of weird things, and she really enjoyed this feeling. She also took great pleasure in the immense relief at letting go after holding it in so long. She even felt a little aroused.

She peed for just under three minutes, and was almost disappointed when she was done. "Ahhhhh, that's better."

In a flash of light, Discord appeared. "Gotchya!" he said, and the tree turned back into a toilet. He also made Pinkie's puddle disappear, but her shorts and legs remained wet.

"I don't get it," said Pinkie.

"Your sudden need to pee? All the bathrooms either being lined up, occupied, out of order, or toilets missing? How you couldn't get your shorts down? I was behind it all! It was all a prank, to try to top yours!"

Pinkie giggled. "Well, you sure did! It was pretty funny!"

"Should I do it to Rainbow Dash sometime?"

"Go for it! She will try to hit you with bigger pranks in return."

"Bring it on!"

"But, never, ever, EVER do that to Fluttershy!"

"Of course I won't. I'd never do that to her." And he meant it, for he knew how sensitive Fluttershy was. "Want me to dry you off?"

"No, I'm fine," said Pinkie, and she cheerfully bounced back to Sugarcube Corner, not caring how many background ponies saw her.

Twilight's Desperation

Twilight Sparkle woke up one morning. She remembered today was reshelving day, so she immediately got out of bed and started to reshelve them. She was so fixated on this she had forgotten to take her morning pee.

Once she was done, she looked at the clock. It was just time for her and her friends to race.

Rarity had insisted they wear lovely sporty outfits of her design for the race, so Twilight put on a sports outfit consisting of skintight black compression shorts and a dark blue shirt, and then made her way to the racetrack.

She hadn't had anything to drink today, and it was a hot summer day, so she drank five glasses of water before the race.

The racetrack was not circular - it was a long path, similar to the Running of the Leaves, and Spike waited at the finish line to see who would win.

Twilight ran, initially walking at a steady pace, until she was sure the race was about to end, and then she ran faster. The track was longer than she had anticipated, so she ran at maximum speed for about ten minutes. Rainbow Dash still won, with Applejack second, and Pinkie Pie third. Twilight did overtake Fluttershy and Rarity before crossing the finish line.

Exhausted, dripping with sweat, and very thirsty, Twilight drank about 20 glasses of water, and ten mugs of cider provided by Applejack.

"Congratulations, Rainbow Dash," said Twilight. "What time is it?"

"It's about time for the big event in Canterlot."

"Right, the one where I have to just stand and smile and wave."

Spike hopped on Twilight's back and she flew toward the train. It was a pretty long flight with how long their racetrack was. Twilight didn't fly too terribly fast though, relaxing after such a tiring race. During the flight, her sweat-soaked outfit dried off.

They boarded the train just as it was about to leave. Early into the train ride, Twilight realized she needed to pee, since she had drank a lot today. She got up and walked to the train bathroom, but to her dismay it was out of order. So she returned to the seat and sat down, fidgeting a little.

They reached Canterlot, and Spike stood at Twilight's side. She stood on a balcony, and important ponies walked by. Whenever they did, Twilight would smile and wave, though she really did not feel like smiling OR waving. Her need to pee was becoming greater, fast! She hoped this event would not last long so she could find a bathroom before the next event she had planned for the day, a buckball game in Appleoosa that she was to attend.

At one point, Twilight forgot to smile and wave, until Spike slapped her butt, and she smiled and waved at the pony that walked by.

The event lasted an hour, and Twilight held it in the entire time, becoming more uncomfortable each minute. Once the event was done, Twilight looked at the clock. The Buckball game was about a half hour away - the length of the train ride there.

Twilight returned to the train with Spike, and decided to try the bathroom again, hoping it was working again. Sadly, the sign was still there. Twilight moaned in extreme discomfort and sat back down, fidgeting more.

"Twilight, are you OK?" said Spike.

"I'm fine," said Twilight. "Why wouldn't I be?"

"You look like you really need to go to the bathroom!"

Twilight blushed. "I can hold it."

"I hope so," said Spike. "It would be SO embarrassing for a princess to wet herself!"

After an uncomfortable journey of fidgeting, the train reached Appleoosa, and Twilight sat at the guest of honor position in the bleachers while Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy played buckball against Braeburn's team again. Both of them had had a lot to drink after the race, yet neither of them were showing any signs of discomfort, and they were playing as well as they usually did. It was obvious they had found an opportunity to use the bathroom.

Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy, and Snails won, and Twilight immediately ran to an outhouse, only to find it lined up. She didn't want to wait in line; she had more things to do, such as stock up on items she needed at the store.

Twilight and Spike returned to the train. Twilight checked the train bathroom again. Still out of order. She crossed her legs and fidgeted harder. She really needed to go, but she wasn't about to find relief anytime soon!

Upon reaching Ponyville, Twilight raced to the store. She picked out a cart, and saw the bathroom just as she entered. She was sure she could spare a minute or two to go to the bathroom here before buying her supplies. She entered the bathroom, but found each stall to be full. She waited for the sound of a toilet flushing, doing the pee dance the entire time, but when the flush never came, she ran out of the bathroom.

"Well?" said Spike.

"I can hold it a little while longer," said Twilight. "Let's get what we need."

She found the items she needed and put them in her cart, including many quills and scrolls. Once she had picked up the last item, she walked to the checkout, deciding that she would use the bathroom before checking everything out, leaving Spike to guard the cart.

Until she saw a big line at the checkout. Twilight groaned. At this rate, she couldn't spare a second or she'd be late for a trade exchange in Fillydelphia she was to preside over. She wished she hadn't offered to take up the job, and let Luna take it instead.

Twilight did the pee dance the entire time she was in line, her desperation growing each minute. She had to pee so badly, and she didn't know how much longer she could hold it.

After what seemed like hours, Twilight reached the front, and paid for her items. After dropping them off at the castle, she quickly raced to the train, which was just about to leave.

She checked the train bathroom again, and groaned loudly when it was still out of order. So, she sat with her legs crossed tight, squirming the entire time.

She reached Fillydelphia just as the exchange was about to begin. She stood on the podium, overseeing the trade exchange and waiting for a pony to come to her with a complaint, which they never did. She wondered if princesses usually wore sports outfits to exchanges like this, but she had been too busy - and too desperate - to change out of it.

"How long is this exchange again?" said Twilight, unable to keep the desperation out of her voice.

"Three hours," said Spike.

Twilight moaned, and stood for the full three hours, initially keeping her desperation hidden, but after the first hour, she was frantically doing the pee dance, waves of pee sloshing around inside her.

"You know," said Spike when there were only 30 minutes left, "no one's coming. You can go to the bathroom here."

Twilight raced around the exchange and found an outhouse, but it was occupied. She ran back to the podium, and Spike could guess what was up from her continued discomfort.

"Was it occupied or out of order?"

"Occupied."

"You can just wait until it's unoccupied."

"What if someone wants to settle an unfair trade before I get back?"

"They won't."

"But what if they do?"

"I'll tell them you'll be back."

Twilight felt another jolt in her bladder. "All right. I'll be right back!"

She ran toward the outhouse again, but it was lined up with five ponies this time. She waited for her turn, doing the pee dance, but by the time there was only one pony in front of her, she didn't want to stay away too long so she ran back to the podium.

"What was it this time?"

"A line. It was too long! I couldn't wait that long!" She continued pee dancing.

Eventually, the exchange ended, and Twilight and Spike got back on the train, finding the outhouse to be out of order again.

After a long fidgety ride, the train reached Ponyville, and Twilight ran to her castle as fast as she could.

"TWILIGHT!" came a voice.

Twilight looked up as Rainbow Dash flew over to her.

"The flyer's competition in Cloudsdale is about to start, and Princess Celestia would like you to preside over it!"

"Can't she do it herself?" said Twilight. "I REALLY have to go!"

"I could tell her, but then she'd get there late."

Twilight groaned, and flew to Cloudsdale with Rainbow Dash. The pressure in her bladder grew heavier during the flight, and she was afraid she could wet herself at any second. She wished she had used the bathroom immediately at the trade exchange.

What's the point? Twilight thought. We all know Rainbow Dash is going to win! Why do they even need a princess there?

As they reached Cloudsdale, Rainbow Dash said "It's still a few minutes before the show. You can go to the bathroom now."

Twilight ran toward the nearest bathroom, but it was lined up. She frantically danced around while waiting for her turn, but just as there was one pony left in front of her, she could hear the announcer say the competition was about to begin, so she reluctantly flew over to her seat in the bleachers.

She fidgeted the entire time, barely able to pay attention to the competition. She sat in her extreme discomfort for an hour. Rainbow Dash was number 15, and she performed the Sonic Rainboom, winning first prize. Twilight would usually take in how lovely the Sonic Rainboom was, but she had to pee too badly to appreciate it.

"Rainbow Dash is best flyer once again!" said Twilight, and she immediately flew back to Ponyville, hoping to get to her castle and use the bathroom NOW!

As soon as she reached the castle, Starlight came out. "Twilight, there you are! Ember and Thorax are already here."

Twilight groaned. She forgot she was scheduled to attend a summit with Ember and Thorax at her castle. She entered the castle and made her way to a room where Ember and Thorax were sitting at a circular table, a little smaller than the map.

They talked about pony, dragon, and changeling affairs, and their alliances, for about an hour, while Twilight continued to squirm, in desperate need of a bathroom.

Her desperation was easily noticeable.

"Twilight," said Ember, "if you have to go, just go! We'll be waiting till you get back."

Relieved, Twilight immediately ran to the nearest bathroom, just as Pinkie Pie was walking out.

"I wouldn't go in there," said Pinkie Pie. "I just clogged the toilet!"

Twilight groaned and ran to the second nearest bathroom, but it was locked. She knocked on the door.

"Give me a minute," came Starlight's voice.

Twilight did the pee dance more frantically for about a minute, until she decided she had been away from Ember and Thorax for too long. She didn't want to be late for her next event. Hopefully the summit would end with enough time for her to relieve herself before the next - and last - item on the agenda.

She rejoined Ember and Thorax at the table. "I can hold it," she said, although she wasn't sure she could.

Before long, it was only a minute until the next train to Canterlot - the one that would arrive just in time for Twilight's last scheduled event, a meeting with the other princesses at Canterlot.

"This has all been wonderful, but I have to go to Canterlot right now!" She didn't mean to say it like this, but Ember and Thorax understood how desperate she was, and nodded.

Spike stayed behind to catch up with Ember, while Twilight boarded the train, Twilight hoping with all her heart the train bathroom would be fixed, but it wasn't. Her need to pee became even greater, and she could not believe she had held it this long.

Twilight reached Canterlot, and looked at the clock. The meeting was about to begin, so there was no time to go to the bathroom. She raced to the castle as fast as she could, and burst into the room where the meeting was taking place. Celestia, Luna, and Cadence were sitting around a table.

"I'm here!" said Twilight, sitting down in the only empty seat.

"Right on time," said Celestia. "Now, as you know, the Summer Sun Celebration is coming up."

As they talked about plans for the Summer Sun Celebration, Twilight squirmed harder than ever, whimpering a bit as she leaked into her shorts.

"Twilight, do you need to use the bathroom?" said Celestia. Stupid question - it was pretty obvious.

Twilight nodded her head, still fidgeting.

"You can go to the bathroom if you need to," said Celestia. "We're in no rush to finish this."

Feeling immensely grateful, Twilight ran to the nearest bathroom. As fate would have it, all the stalls were full. The ponies inside were taking their sweet time. Twilight did the pee dance more frantically than ever for five minutes, leaking at one point, without hearing the sound of a flush. She decided, again, to return to the princesses' side to avoid wasting their time.

A toilet flushed as soon as she was out of the bathroom.

"Feeling better, Twilight?" said Celestia once Twilight had returned.

"No," said Twilight. "But I can hold it." The princesses hadn't noticed the wet spot on her shorts, likely because they were black.

The other princesses avoided saying too much to Twilight, deciding that Celestia and Luna would mainly be in charge here. Twilight was grateful to this, for she didn't think she'd be able to catch whatever she had to do when she needed to pee so badly.

At long last, the meeting was over. Twilight ran to the bathroom, but by chance the stalls were full again, so with a frustrated groan she returned to the train.

The train bathroom was still out of order. Twilight sat with her legs crossed tighter than ever, fidgeting as hard as she could, for she was about to burst.

As the train got near Ponyville just as the sun was setting, she saw a pony walking back with the "Out of Order" sign in his mouth. At last, the bathroom was working again. Twilight immediately ran to the bathroom, but found it occupied. She waited just outside the bathroom, pee dancing as usual, but the train arrived in Ponyville before the pony inside was finished.

So Twilight immediately took off toward her castle. Once inside, she ran to the nearest bathroom, only to find Spike using a plunger on the clogged toilet. She had hoped this would be taken care of already. She started to run to the next bathroom, but leaked a little more. Not wanting to run all the way to the next bathroom, she quickly returned to the bathroom Spike was inside.

"Hurry up!" Twilight said, frantically pee dancing.

"Really, you still haven't gone to the bathroom yet?" said Spike. "I never knew a pony could hold it in for almost a whole day!"

Twilight just danced more frantically, dribbling a bit into her shorts.

"I think it's done!" said Spike about five minutes later.

Twilight couldn't wait, for she was at her limit, and her shorts were already a little wet.

As Spike flushed the toilet to be sure it was usable again, Twilight lost control. Another leak made its way out of her, which turned into a steady stream that only grew stronger and stronger. Twilight tried to stop, but she couldn't. She was peeing herself in front of Spike. Spike couldn't help but laugh, while Twilight blushed with embarrassment.

The warm wetness soaked her shorts, flowing in torrents down her legs, and forming a massive puddle under her. Twilight sat down, still peeing, and hanging her head in shame. The relief felt so wonderful, and something about the warm wetness felt a little good too. She would have enjoyed this if it wasn't such a humiliating situation.

She peed for about a minute and fifty seconds, and by the time she was done, her skintight black shorts were completely drenched, and she was sitting in a huge puddle, her face beet red.

"Maybe next time you won't plan so many events so close to each other!" said Spike.

"You're right," said Twilight. "I'll try to space them out a bit more next time. And take my morning pee. And not run a race like that at the beginning of such a busy day." She stood up, still a little embarrassed but feeling better, partly because of the relief and how much she had secretly liked the feeling.

"You did look kind of cute wetting yourself like that," said Spike, chuckling a bit and patting her pee-soaked tush.

Twilight blushed, but giggled a bit and went into her main bathroom to take a long bubblebath.

...

Whatever you do, DON'T quote the original post in the reply, cause it'll be really long!

*003*2017-11-21 21:43

So many people fetishize the ponies all the time, just in different ways, so why is it so rare for people with omorashi fetishes to be interested in the ponies?

Also, did you have a favorite story, or were they all equally good?

*006*2017-11-22 02:58

Finally a second audience member. Glad I was able to hit a particular fetish with this.

I was feeling really down today but this comment cheered me up.

*007*2017-11-22 23:32

I know I said I'd write a story about four anime girls next, but I changed my mind. I don't feel like writing anymore.

*009*2017-11-24 00:04

{{10 hours ago, bedwetter33 said:

I'm also kinda into this stuff. I like the story you wrote. And I was going to say please write more but I read your comment on your not writting. Still a good fanfic though.

}}

Actually, I might write again. But maybe not for a bit.

*011*2017-11-24 20:29

{{11 hours ago, bedwetter33 said:

Take your time if you think of writing again. I don't mind waiting. Do what you can with it.

}}

Is it pony stories you want me to write more of, or just to write more in general? I was thinking of a story with four anime girls next, which, if I don't write it today, I won't get a chance to until maybe after Christmas

*013*2017-11-25 02:17

I just wrote one more, before I get back to other stuff. I'll still check in and comment.

*015*2017-11-25 09:01

{{4 hours ago, garageguy said:

I've been more into needing to pee alot and maybe losing control than specifically peeing into clothes, but ponies are frequent characters. Only read the Twilight one. Mostly because she was the first character I did with the above mentioned thing. Liked it alot (meaning: for a story that was somewhat off what I usually have liked, and I have been known to be picky on what I do and don't like, this was very enjoyable)! Great story, though I may not read the rest of them.

}}

Well, it would at least appeal through the "needing to pee a lot" section which makes up the majority, right?

*017*2017-11-27 00:24

Well, I'd say write whatever you want and maybe someone would be interested in it. Give it a shot and if no one reads it, it's only taking up one space.

*019*2017-11-27 03:46

You don't have to if you don't want to, especially if there's that high a risk of anyone finding out. (Maybe put it somewhere where no one would look)

I know the feeling though, I almost didn't submit my first fetish story to fimfiction.

*023*2018-01-06 20:41

@garageguy

Sorry for the late reply, I was busy with other stuff and didn't have time to check here

I'm not sure how to turn it into a story. Plus, if you've noticed, it doesn't interest me if they're not wearing something when they're peeing (or if they're wearing a diaper), though I could make some sort of case for Luna putting some bodysuit, shorts, or even panties on.

Maybe you should try it first. If you can't get it to work, let me know and I'll see what I can do.
