The Desperate Law Student

Author: theman08

*000*2024-05-08 18:12

Been on this site for a while, but I thought I would finally share a story for myself.

This happened during my last year in college. I was finishing up my degree, while my girlfriend, Kate, was finishing up her first year of law school. This was a super stressful time for her, but I was extremely proud of the work she’d put in. We’d been together for about two years at this point, and I’d loved pretty much every second of it. She was super smart and sweet, but also a bit shy. I also found her super cute— she was about 5’2” with brown hair, a big butt from sports in high school, and small boobs that I absolutely loved. On this day she wore a green crewneck and a tight pair of light blue jeans— wow did she look great.

Now on this day, Kate had her second to last final of the year. It was one she felt pretty sure of, but still, she’d put hours of study in. I wanted to be there to support her no matter what, so I’d made sure to get her a coffee ahead of time. When I came back to our apartment (she lived with me at the time) at around 8, I delivered her the drink and was met with a smile. I gave her a kiss and told her how great she’d do before leaving her to finish her last minute studying.

I walked with her about halfway to the building. Her test began at 9 and went until 12. A long test to be sure, but they all were. I gave her a hug and told her she’d do great. She smiled, finished her coffee, and thanked me. With that, I headed back to my place, while she went to her test.

At around 11, I told her to let me know when she was on her way back and to let me know how it went. Now one important note is that although we lived together, this was technically just my apartment. Our leases didn’t line up perfectly, so I’d bought the place myself until she could move in. I know this technically isn’t how it’s supposed to be done, but it had never been an issue.

Finally, at 12:05, I got a call from her. I picked up the phone “Hey Kate, how’d it go?” expecting to hear the standard “fine” or “okay.” She immediately responded “Fine. Are you home right now?” I was. “I need you to come to the lobby and let me in as soon as I get there.” This was new to me, normally she was fine texting me at the door and waiting for me to make my way down. “Everything okay?” I asked. “Yea,” I immediately noticed the stress in her voice “I just really need to pee. My laptop wouldn’t connect to the network at first, so I started a few minutes late. The professor gave me a few minutes extra time, which was great, but it meant I was the last person to leave, and there were already long lines at the bathrooms by then, so I’m just going to come back.”

Now this was entirely new to me. Kate is *extremely* pee shy. She hardly ever goes if I’m around, and she rarely ever brings it up. I knew for her to be saying this it must be bad, so I made my way downstairs as requested. After a couple minutes I saw her approach. The first thing I noticed was how rigid her walk was. I could tell she was doing everything to hold on. Her core was tight and her strides were kept short to help keep pressure.

When she arrived I met her with a smile and joke “Gonna make it?” I said pretty lightheartedly. “Please get the elevator,” she replied. Now Kate and I always joked around, so that right there told me she was in a bad spot. For the first time I really wondered if she would make it. Quickly, I pushed that thought out of my head. I’d never seen her have any issue before, so surely she could make it a few minutes.

We arrived to the elevator— the only one in our building. Kate pressed the button, hoping the doors would immediately open and she’d be lucky enough to have it left on this floor, but this was not the case. This was extra rough for her because this elevator was slow. “It’s only to the third floor,” I told her, “do you want to take the stairs?” She looked back at me “I don’t think I can.” Oh my god. She was actually full. This was a real situation.

Finally the elevator arrived. As the doors parted, her eyes were met with horror as she saw why it took so long. Being the end of the semester, people were moving out. In the elevator was a couch, tv stand, and three other boxes. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing take place. Poor Kate. I knew I had to help her. “Here guys let me help you with that.” Now to them I looked like a helpful stranger, but I knew at this point seconds were like hours to Kate. I moved as quickly as I could to clear the space out, but it still took roughly a full minute. The moment I did Kate dashed in the elevator and pressed 3. I followed right behind her, and immediately noticed how tight she was. Her fists were balled, jaw tight, and thighs pressed together so hard I thought they may merge into one.

The elevator dinged for 3, and the doors slowly pulled apart. “Door’s unlocked” I told her. Without saying a word she dashed out. Unable to fully stride due to the pressure in her abdomen, she took short, choppy strides out. Now in a rare stroke of good luck on this day for Kate, my door was right off the elevator. I saw her dash through the entrance, and I soon followed behind. As I saw her head through the doorway, I expected the next time I’d see her would be in a couple minutes after she’d found her relief.

I was wrong. As I entered in casually, I heard a faint voice from the other side where my master bedroom was. “Come on… please… come on.” I quickened my pace to see the commotion. To my surprise the bathroom door was still open, and there stood Kate, frantically trying to undo her jeans. Her hands shaking, she made multiple attempts to undo the button in the few seconds I stood there. It was at this point I noticed her swollen bladder— the jeans were always tight, but at this point there was absolutely zero room for movement. No wonder she couldn’t undo it. She looked up at me with tears in her eyes and despair in her voice, “please help.”

I quickly made my way over to her. I knew I’d have to be quick. I promptly got one finger inside her waistband on each side and one thumb on either side of the button. In one swift motion I slid it out. “Got it!” I exclaimed. All Kate had to do was slide the zipper down, pants herself, step forward, turn, and sit… and relief was hers. To my surprise, she did none of these things. Instead she took two steps backwards into the shower. Her eyes locked with mine. “It was too much,” she said shakily. I watched as her once light jeans became half dark in a split second. Down her inner thighs, back down her butt, up and around her crotch, the fabric became absolutely soaked. We both watched as she continued to go. And go. And go. It felt like an entire minute she sat there… peeing her pants for all of it.

When she finally finished, I knew she’d be in a sensitive spot. I immediately grabbed her hand and looked her in the eyes “it’s okay, don’t worry about it.” She said nothing. “Let’s get you cleaned up.” Still nothing, but a slight smile. “Honestly, impressed you held that for that long.” She laughed. I knew she’d be okay. I helped her out of the shower so I could turn the water on. I peeled off her jeans and thong, both somehow even more soaked than I’d initially thought. I quickly rinsed them under the shower water before tossing them in the laundry. Upon my return, I took her hand and walked in the water with her. I held for a minute and told her it was okay. I felt her wet butt against me and slowly ran my hand along her body in a comforting manner.

“Ready to get cleaned up I asked?” She nodded. I decided she’d been through enough already, so I grabbed the soap and got to work. I started on her top half, working my way down. I got on one knee, “I’m going to make sure your legs are especially clean, okay?” She nodded understandingly. I ran my hands along each leg individually, wiping away any remaining liquid from before. I rubbed her butt with my soapy hands, enjoying it more than I should. After ten minutes, I felt she was clean. She looked down at me, “I kind of need to pee again,” she said softly. “Nothing I or this shower hasn’t seen,” I replied. With that I playfully grabbed her ankles one at a time to spread them shoulder width apart. “Go ahead.” A few seconds later, a delicate stream with a tinge of yellow was added to the dozens already surrounding us.

*001*2024-05-15 22:51

Please let me know if you’d like to hear more or if you liked this.

*005*2024-05-17 03:16

{{9 hours ago, BarneyOMO said:

As a law graduate, this is too real - many of my friends and female colleagues had close calls working long hours in the library.

}}

Would love to hear more about these experiences. Planning on writing more about Kate soon.

