On The Edge

Author: Tempest

*000*2014-03-15 02:07

Author's Note: The first 10 paragraphs are 100% true from my 9th grade class, down to the room number.

It was Block One on a dreary Monday morning. A young man trudged to Room 129 for his first class of the day - English. He took a seat in his normal spot and wearily got his book on his desk, turning to the end of a chapter he read the night before. The other students filed in, and with a ring of the bell, class began as usual. The classroom was set up in two sets of three rows of desks, with each set of three facing the other across the room, with an expanse of drab gray carpet in the middle. He doodled idly on the top of his homework paper and his eyes began to wander to the other side of the room.

The other students seemed just as disinterested as he was. With glazed eyes he scanned the first row of desks across from his, in the first row as well. His eyes settled on the girl directly across from him, and he made every attempt not to stare. Her name was Ashley, and was certainly a sight to behold. She had blond hair, fair skin, blue eyes, and wore a light sweater top and a denim skirt with a brown belt. She wore flip flops and his eyes widened at how thick the bottoms were. He turned his eyes slowly down to his book at an attempt to look focused, but not before noticing that her right leg was crossed over her left, and she rhythmically shook her right foot so her sandal would patter repeatedly against her heel. Her toes were curled upwards, and kept her sandal from falling off.

He looked at the clock and sighed as only fifteen minutes had passed. He began to space off again as he turned his page to the start of a new chapter. This began the reading portion of the class, and the students took turns reciting paragraphs of a dull story. He paid just enough attention to catch his turn when it came, and quickly lost interest once his participation was fulfilled. He looked casually across the classroom at the girl again. She sat with both feet planted on the floor, and she was leaning forward in her seat. Her eyes appeared to be closed and he yawned in agreement at the idea of sleeping the rest of this Block away.

Suddenly, she pursed her lips and her eyebrows scrunched up. He perked an eyebrow at her and placed his hand on his forehead like a visor to shield his gaze. She leaned forward even more, then quickly sat upright and flapped her legs against each other slightly. He eyed her smooth and tan legs eagerly, and looked back down at his paper. She opened her eyes and looked around the classroom, as if to identify any onlookers. Indeed she did have one, but he remained unnoticed. He looked around as well, but his classmates were staring blankly at their books instead of anything else.

From underneath his hand he resumed watching her. She had once again leaned forward in her desk, both feet on the ground, with her eyes closed. Curiously, he stared entranced, until her expression strained again, her eyes still closed, and she flapped her legs together again, this time, more quickly and her legs opened slightly wider. He wasn't quite sure what she was doing, but whatever it was, he hoped she wouldn't stop.

His attention was diverted as the teacher moved on to a new lesson. This was the lecture portion. The professor took up a marker and began writing, as the other students began taking notes. He wrote the title of the lecture on the top of his page, and immediately shielded his eyes to watch the girl again. She had the end of her pen in her mouth, and appeared to be lightly nibbling the end of it, occasionally running it along her lips which had a sheen of lip gloss on them. He watched her intently and felt a jolt of excitement in his chest as she once again leaned forward in her seat and closed her eyes.

She shifted slightly this time, and her mouth opened partially. After about fifteen seconds of leaning forward, she once again quickly sat upright, and flapped her legs together. This time, he saw a quick glimpse of her light blue panties as she re-positioned herself in her seat. He felt a throbbing run through his manhood and slid a hand in his pocket to readjust the impending erection. As she leaned forward and closed her eyes again, he abandoned all hope of paying attention to the lesson. He leaned forward on his elbow, still shielding his eyes. Her legs were slightly apart this time, and by tilting his head, he saw a sliver of her panties between her thighs. She bit down on the end of her pen after a short moment, slid a hand between her legs, and flapped them together once more. This time, the skin on skin contact between her shaved, soft legs could barely be heard.

His mind raced and he felt his breath quicken as he came to realize what she was doing. She was desperate for the toilet, and was repeatedly relaxing her bladder muscles until the tingle of an impending wetting was upon her, and just when she was about to leak she would constrict her muscles and purse her legs together to relieve the sensation. By leaning forward each time she was putting extra pressure on her bladder, and behind closed eyes she could avoid distraction and the possibility of a legitimate accident.

His excitement was interrupted once again by a change in the lesson. The teacher began passing out sheets of paper that prompted a surprise quiz on the previous sections. He sighed with frustration and thought for sure this would be the end of his little show. He wrote his name on the top and began the test. He finished quickly and was glad he had been paying attention prior to today. He turned his paper over and sat quietly, looking over at the clock. Fifteen minutes remained in the session and he sighed again, resting his chin in his palm. He gazed dreamily over in the girl's direction, and to his surprise, found her leaned forward with her eyes closed. Her paper was flipped over as well, and he became excited all over again.

She was hunched forward quite precariously this time, with her hands folded on her lap. He put both hands to his forehead and watched her intently. Slowly, she slid her legs apart so they were open about six inches apart. From his perspective directly across from her he saw the entirety of her crotch beneath her short jean skirt. He twisted in his seat as his manhood responded immediately to the sight. After a short moment, she pressed down on her lap and flapped her legs together vigorously. The other students, still involved with their test, didn't notice her at all.

She opened her eyes and looked around the classroom intently. He flipped his test back over and started to pretend to double check his answers, still keeping her in his peripheral vision. When he saw her begin to lean forward again, he flipped his test back over and carried on watching her. Her legs were spread apart slightly, and she was bouncing both her legs up and down alternatively, her hands still pressed down in her lap. She leaned forward and closed her eyes. His gaze transfixed on her crotch, he held his breath when her legs stopped bouncing. She leaned up slightly out of her seat, and suddenly ran out of composure. Her eyes remained closed but she bit her lower lip and grasped the corners of her desk. To his surprise, a quarter-sized dark spot between her legs appeared as a hot jet of pee stained her soft cotton panties. She sat down and shoved both hands between her legs, looking around the room frantically.

Meanwhile, across the room, he had a hand shoved in his pocket and was stroking his manhood as inconspicuously as possible. He could feel the pre-ejaculate seeping through the lining of his pocket, making his hand warm and damp. His eyes darted back to her. She was now sitting on her right heel, her sandal resting on the floor by her desk. She was still leaned forward, grasping either side of her desk. She shifted slowly but rhythmically on her foot. He could only imagine the sensation as she pressed her damp cotton panties against her crotch with her heel. Knowing that he could not stand another moment, he shifted his manhood in his pants, and stood up just as the teacher asked for the collection of papers. Eight minutes remained in class.

He couldn't wait that long, however, and as he turned in his test he asked if he could go to the bathroom, citing an emergency, and promising to be back before the bell rang. He was allowed to, and he walked briskly out of the classroom towards the men's bathrooms. His manhood throbbed in his jeans and demanded relief from the sight he had just witnessed. He slowed his pace as he got closer, and rounded the final corner to the bathrooms. Before entering through the door, he heard the distinctive padding of flip flops at an almost running pace behind him. With one hand pressed against the door as to not look suspicious, he stopped short and looked intently behind him.

Much to his surprise and excitement, Ashley appeared, frantically walking to the woman's bathroom, adjacent to but beyond the men's. She was hunched over slightly, her legs pressed tightly together. He smiled pleasantly to her as she looked up. She had a flustered and panicked look in her eyes when she saw him, and breathing heavily, said only "I really have to go". A lump rose in his throat and he said in return, "I know. I've been watching you all class". She stopped in front of him and stood up straight, looking slightly embarrassed. "Oh..." He put a hand on her shoulder gently. "I see you didn't quite make it all the way either". She looked down at the ground as he continued. "But that's alright, it felt good, didn't it?" At this, she looked back up at him and smiled nervously. "I didn’t think anyone would notice…" He grinned at her. "I did. And it looked like you were enjoying yourself as much as I was."

She began to giggle, but immediately doubled over and crouched down on the ground, wincing. She took in a sharp breath through her teeth. "Ooh, I really have to go..." His manhood throbbed at the situation, and he eyed the janitor's closet directly across from the bathroom he was standing in front of. She glanced up at him, and then to the direction of his gaze. Saying only, “Alright, but hurry!” in a breathless, frantic voice (and much to his bewilderment), she grabbed his arm and they darted towards the closet and inside, closing the door quickly behind him. As soon as they got in, she turned on the light and began looking for a place to relieve herself. She made a beeline towards the sink and stopped short, glancing down at a drain in the floor. She crouched down again and, lifting her skirt, she held herself with both hands. "Ahh, I'm going to have to do it here", she whispered loudly as she looked up at him.

He had his hand buried in his pocket since walking in, and was stroking himself vigorously, and without shame. She looked down at the floor, and then up at him. "If you're going to do it, I want to watch." His heart skipped a beat as she gingerly took one hand away from her crotch to pull him to her. She began to tug at the waist of his jeans as she bounced repeatedly on both her heels, still crouching above the drain. Not willing or able to hide his intentions anymore, he slid his jeans down around his thighs, exposing his manhood. The tip of it glistened with pre-cum and much like her, he was unable to take a hand away from the area. She grabbed at his jeans again and he looked at her inquisitively. "I can't go, you have to come here." Puzzled, he crouched down in front of her, awkwardly shuffling around with his pants halfway down, the heat of the situation combining with the risk of being caught sending his heart beating furiously.

"Sit down, hurry", she commanded. He did as he was told and sat on the cold tile floor of the closet, sliding his pants down further. "No, come -here-", she pleaded urgently. He inched himself to her, his erection at full height. She kept beckoning him closer until he was directly below her, almost sitting on the drain. She hovered over him and lifted her skirt, exposing the entirety of her panties. The stain of the front had grown considerably since the first spurt of desperation. 

She reached down, struggling to balance on her trembling legs, and began to stroke the wetness of her panties with his manhood systematically. “I told you I can’t go unless I rub myself,” she said in almost a whisper, her cheeks completely flushed. She had to go so badly that her muscles had completely seized up and didn't allow any natural flow. He moaned with pleasure as the head of his manhood grazed the warm wetness of her crotch. He looked up at her and her eyes were closed, expression twisted up like before.

Suddenly he felt a stinging warmth down his shaft and a heard a sharp "Ahh!" escape Ashley's mouth. He immediately looked down and saw the remaining drips of pee falling on his throbbing erection. She rubbed herself with the head of his penis more rapidly, suddenly stopping and letting another jet of pee spurt through her panties and onto him. He reached down and began stroking himself, but she bat him away. "I'll do it", she breathed heavily, and ran a fingernail up the underside of his shaft, which made the hairs on his neck stand.

"We have to do it now", she whispered urgently, and he raised an eyebrow at her. He looked down as she took her hand off his manhood and slid the crotch of her panties aside, revealing a freshly shaved and glistening pair of slightly reddish lips, tinted with excitement. She slid her index and middle fingers between her legs, parted her lips, and descended onto him. They gasped in unison as she slid easily onto him, slick with a blissful mix of juices and urine. She leaned back on both her hands and vigorously and repeatedly thrust herself down on him.

It wasn't fifteen seconds before she began spurting on him. He moaned loudly as he felt spurt after spurt of her hot pee bathe his cock, with a steady stream flowing down his thighs into the drain below. With a violent thrust she suddenly fell fully down on him and began peeing unconstrained with his cock deep inside her. His nails scratched at the tile floor as the audible hissing of her pee streamed frantically down his legs. He felt the distinct tingle and in return shot several heaving and equally hot jets of his own juices deep inside her. After what seemed like several minutes, she raised herself off of him and hobbled over to the sink to clean herself up. He sat still on the floor, his manhood still throbbing, and the last remnants of his ejaculate dribbling lazily down his shaft. The jolt of the bell rang, and he snapped to, standing up.

She walked over to him with a clean rag from the supply area that she wet with warm water. She handed it to him as she walked past him to leave. With one hand on the door, she turned around, and with her free hand, lifted up her skirt, bending backwards to expose the warm wet patch of her panties that she was still wearing. "I guess I'll be wet all day", she smiled, and with a wink, she cracked the door open and walked into the crowd.

*003*2014-03-15 22:23

{{

The ending caught me offguard as I was thinking (hoping, maybe) that it would end differently, but it was a pleasant surprise.

}}

Yeah, I have about half and half as far as stories that don't go sexual. This is actually the first of 3 I've posted here that end like this. The main thing for me is if I'm going to do an ending like that, is to still center the majority of the story and content around the desperation/wetting elements, which hopefully I did well. I feel like anyone can write something sexual, but only someone who is really into omorashi can describe the experience fully. Thanks for reading!

