Car Accident (Ianthony)

Author: TobiasChwan

*000*2013-04-03 17:03

Ok, so I was reading through some Omo on deviantart and found this and though I could tweak it. Tweaked from: http://hiccupfangirl11.deviantart.com/art/Ianthony-A-Trip-to-the-Beach-Omorashi-361590467

Which is tweaked from: http://lovemcg99.deviantart.com/journal/trip-to-the-beach-OMORASHI-ianthony-361385579

Tweaked here a little~

"Hey, Ian. It is a beautiful day out. Do you want to go to the beach?" Anthony asked Ian, heading for the car.

"Sure, why not? When do you want to leave?" Ian replied, smiling. He felt like he needed some sunlight anyway.

"I actually wanted to leave now so we don't hit traffic," Anthony said, opening the trunk of the car and putting some towels and such-like in it. Then both Anthony and Ian got in the front seats and began driving off.

They were 30 minutes down the road when Ian had felt something that he didn't want to. "Hey, Ant, do you think you could pull over?" Ian had asked his friend, shifting around a little. He had chugged three large bottles of water for a video of theirs and he hadn't gone to the bathroom, and he was beginning to regret it.

"Why do you want me to pull over Ian?" Anthony asked, not taking his eyes off the road.

"Please Anthony just pull over?" Ian asked desperately.

"Not unless you tell me why. Because if it is a stupid reason, the answer is no." Anthony replied. Ian nearly had his legs crossed.

"Anthony, please!" Ian pleaded.

"Ian, I had told you no, unless you tell me why." Anthony said, feeling a little bit dominant over his boyfriend at the moment.

Ian whimpered slightly but stayed silent, looking out of the window and trying to ignore it the best he could. Another 10 minutes passed and Ian sighed, knowing that he would barely make it by the time they got to the beach, and he imagined relaxing and the long stream, but his thoughts snapped back to reality as he realized how desperate he was by receiving a firm nudge from his bladder, making his hands shoot straight onto his crotch and he groaned.

This got Anthony's attention, and he looked at Ian, suddenly turning a bright red. "Oh..." Anthony said, nearly licking his soft dry lips and laughing.

"Sh-shut up!" Ian said, almost shouting but that would put more pressure onto his bladder. Anthony couldn't help but chuckle a little bit.

"I said SHUT UP!" Ian snapped, but then whimpering as he lost a tiny spurt.

"Ian, we are almos-" Anthony's sentence had cut short when he realized the traffic was bumper to bumper. "Oh shit... Ian, do you think you can make it? Because we are stuck in traffic..."

This is were my part comes in~

"WHAT? You got to be fucking kidding me! Ugh, it hurts..." Ian said, grabbing his crotch tightly.

"Okay, just keep trying," Anthony had said, trying not to sound turned on, but failing a little. Luckily, Ian was too busy trying not to wet himself.

"You don't happen to have a bottle, do you?" Ian asked, his voice sounding very desperate. "Sorry, I don't," Anthony replied, honking at a car that wouldn't move. "Dumb asses..."

"Oh... It hurts, Anthony... I-I can't hold it," Ian said quietly, desperately grabbing his crotch. This made Anthony even harder.

"Okay, you know what? Just go. I don't want you to hurt yourself," Anthony said, resisting biting his lower lip.

"NO! I can't do that, it will be everywhere!" Ian replied. Anthony really want this to happen, because seeing Ian desperate was always turned him on.

Anthony tried to hold the bulge he had in his pants, but picturing that was turning him on.

"Anthony... Is that what I think it is!" Ian said, seeing Anthony's boner.

"Sorry, Ian, I'm trying not to be turned on by this whole thing..." Anthony replied, blushing a little.

"Anthony, how could you be turned on like this!?" Ian yelled, groaning at the immense pain. "S-shit..." he whimpered and bent over, one hand on his bladder and the other hand giving himself a tight squeeze so that he wouldn't piss himself.

Anthony bit his lip, crossing his legs so that he could keep both hands on the steering wheel, and then the traffic began to move again. He slowly picked up speed so that he could get there faster, but he hadn't seen a bump coming. The bump lifted them both out of their seats slightly.

"Aa-ah! Anthonyyy!" Ian whined, losing a 4 second spurt. The whine made Anthony even harder and he was finding it hard to keep his hard-on under control.

"Stop being turned so damn horny and pull over!" Ian demanded.

"I'm sorry Ian, but we both know I can't..." he said, trying to sound sorry although he knew he could if he really wanted.

Ian sighed and whimpered, looking out at the cars that were passing and trying to take his mind off of wetting. Anything, apart from wetting. However, Anthony was doing the opposite. All he could think of was how hot it'd be if Ian actually pissed himself in his car! He fidgeted in his seat too and as his trousers rubbed against his groan he had to suppress a groan of pleasure.

"Great, so here I am about to piss myself and all you can think about is your dick! What's so 'sexy' about this anyway!?" Ian demanded loudly, but then he whimpered as he lost another spurt. He now had a semi-big wet patch on his groin. "It hurts, Anthony..." he said, quietly.

"I know, Ian, how long can you hold it for?" Anthony asked, feeling ashamed of himself whilst avoiding the question.

"N-not long..." Ian replied in a whisper.

Anthony slowed right down as they went over another bump, but as each wheel went over the bump Ian felt his bladder spasm and he continuously spurted. "A-Anthony! I-it's happening! P-please stop!" Ian begged, tears of desperation welling in his eyes,

Anthony couldn't move in case he gave himself more pleasure, but he sighed. "Just go." he said.

"W-what!? No! It'll go everywhere! Just STOP! NOW!" Ian yelled angrily, groaning as the spurts continued and his wet patch grew.

"No, just go in the seat. I won't mind." Anthony replied, finding it extremely hard to keep his eyes on the empty road.

Ian couldn't protest any more, it was too late. Sweet relief coursed over his body as the warm yellow-ish liquid forced itself out of his body, the wet patch increasing in size extremely quickly. "A-anthony..." he whispered as his jeans overloaded with the liquid and the pee began to soak into the seat as well, the hissing noise extremely distracting in the silent car.

Anthony's boner was so overwhelming it was painful, and he crossed his legs tighter and had to stop himself from head butting the steering wheel. Eventually (after a good few minutes) the hissing noise died down, leaving the soaked Ian sobbing lightly, his trousers soaked along with the seat. Anthony gently rubbed his back, unsure what he could do.

"There, isn't that better?" he asked nervously.

"No... Now your car is ruined..." Ian said quietly.

"No it isn't, I was planning to get new seats anyways." Anthony reassured.

"I just pissed myself in front of my best friend, in his new car, Anthony. Leave me alone." Ian continued.

Anthony took his hand back and sighed, extremely ashamed at how turned on he was as they made their way to the beach anyway.

TO BE CONTINUED...

