One run too far...

Author: ThreadbareOmo

*000*2023-02-28 16:13

This is a work of fiction based on a real scenario that might've ended up going in a different, wetter direction.

Living in a ski resort town has plenty of perks, and my friends and I were certainly willing to take advantage of them. This particular winter was a busy one for us. Fresh out of high school, we had all worked for the ski resort one year or another, so every one of us had either a season pass or a serious discount on lift tickets. Every weekend was another adventure for us, and while the mountain was pretty tame, especially for an East Coast one, we never grew tired of it.

We had a lot more stamina in those days. It was nothing to us to spend all day on the mountain, from just after sunrise to well beyond sunset. On Saturdays, the lifts even ran all night.

One particular Saturday was more memorable for me than any other. It was another marathon session for us. The weather was fair, if a bit cold at the summit, but trail conditions were perfect. To all of us, that meant not wasting precious time in the lodge. While the rest of the group had taken care of business at various points during the day, I wanted to have as much trail time as I could manage. I had decided to skip out on the lengthy rest room line after we ate earlier in the evening. I always had the biggest bladder amongst our group and felt justifiably confident in my own mind that I could make it the rest of the night if I needed to. After all, it was a short ride home, right?

That entire day went without incident, and our luck stretched well into the night (as well as my hold). Some time before midnight, we decided together to put a bow on our day before it got too late...and settled on three final runs to finish it all off. While I could feel the growing urge in my bladder, the double chairs at the bottom of the mountain ran smoothly and took you to the drop-off point halfway up the peak rather fast. Sitting in the chair would make the urge grow, but skiing down the easier trails had a habit of putting any bladder thoughts to the back of your mind.

The Grand Finale, of course, was a triple-chair run to the top of the mountain, where we'd decide which of the three double black diamond trails we'd choose to cap off the night. While the sun had gone down hours ago, it was the weekend of school vacation, so plenty of other people were around to take advantage of the late night. The triple-chair line was dozens deep, and while the wait was long, people were in good spirits. Well...most of us.

My bladder started really feeling the strain of several soft drinks over the course of the afternoon, plus a can of Red Bull that was given out as part of a free promotion. I would have estimated myself to be sitting at about an 8 on the scale (if you're a numerically-inclined person) and that was rapidly increasing as my kidneys kicked into overdrive. I was filled with a listless, nervous energy...every muscle in my body quivering as I restlessly rocked in line. I didn't know if it was due to the cold, the anticipation of getting one final run in, or my fatiguing bladder that was behind it. Perhaps it was all three? Nonetheless, I felt sure that if things went well, I would make it through one final run with no problems. Either way, once we were deep in line there was no point in trying to leave.

The queue moved slower than normal. Tired legs made it harder for people to get on the chair without incident, so every handful of boarding attempts went awry, forcing the lift to stop briefly while the attendant got everyone situated. Every now and then the lift would stop with no issue on our end...doubtless they were having some trouble unloading at the top as well. If you've ever gone skiing or snowboarding you probably know the drill.

Finally after what must've been about 20 minutes in line, it was our turn to snag a lift. The five of us had divided ourselves into two chair groups, so my friend Jess and I paired ourselves off and took our designated spots and waited for the familiar thump on our butts that would let us know we were safe to sit down and patiently wait out the ride to the top.

We both boarded without a hitch, and for a bit it seemed like people behind us had the same fortune. I must've let out an audible sigh of relief because Jess asked me if I was alright. I was way too shy to explain my predicament to her, so I'm pretty sure the only reply I gave was a muffled grunt, while my legs anxiously bounced up and down, occasionally tapping the safety bar in front of me.

We made it roughly a third of the way up the mountain before the lift lurched to a halt, leaving us dangling back and forth about 20 feet above the packed snow below. At this point, it was impossible to tell if the trouble was ahead of us or behind us, but I suppose it wouldn't have mattered anyway. Not like you can do anything about it.

Very rarely does the lift stop for more than a minute or two, and sure enough we were on our way up again, and not a moment too soon for my liking. My bladder loudly announced its displeasure from the rocking and dangling, and I knew I would've had to make this last run a quick one to escape the evening dry.

Jess and I chatted idly as we ascended the mountain. I did my best to hide my discomfort, but I'm sure now that I was probably sounding a little impertinent as the air grew colder and my bladder continued to fill to capacity.

I'm not sure what we were talking about, but our conversation was interrupted by another abrupt stop. We'd made it another third of the way up the mountain, to the point where the chair lift was situated highest above the double black diamond beneath our feet. The view of the town below from this spot was quite beautiful, especially at night, but I couldn't have cared less in the moment. All I wanted was to feel solid ground beneath me, and my skis gliding me ever closer to a bathroom...or at the very least a quiet and shady spot off the trail.

A minute passed by, then another, and another. Eventually it became clear that this wasn't another routine stoppage. Infrequently, someone either loading onto or unloading from the chairlift would get themselves so bound up that they managed to hurt themselves. Sometimes it was someone young and inexperienced, sometimes it was someone older and uncoordinated. It was really anybody's guess from where we were situated.

So we sat there dangling in the air again. Eventually the other riders became restless as the stoppage carried on much longer than anyone anticipated. Boredom lead some of our neighbors along the line to rock their chairs vigorously, which caused other chairs in close proximity to rock as well. Under normal circumstances this would've been mildly amusing, but the increasingly dire situation in my belly was exacerbated by the swaying.

I was beyond a 9 at this point. I knew that there was little chance of me making it back down the mountain, and my only salvation would be found somewhere on the summit. It felt like there was a boulder sitting inside me below my naval. I pulled off the glove from my left hand and tried to furtively slide it below my ski pants, and physically clamp down at the base of my cock in a way that wouldn't garner attention. From there I could feel how stout my distended bladder was. My breathing became more ragged and I started biting my lips in anguish and frustration.

Somewhere in the distance we could hear a snowmobile revving, almost surely a sign that ski patrol had to help someone away from the scene. Jess offered her best guess as to what was going on, but I was entirely focused on my own emergency. It was clear that if we didn't get moving again soon that I was going to have an accident right there on the chair.

A few more moments passed, and mercifully the lift jerked to life again...but not without consequences. The sudden movement caused me to spurt uncontrollably into my bottoms before I was able to stem the tide again. The sudden warmth came as a shock to me after sitting so long in the frigid air. I withdrew my dampened hand and tried to clench my legs together as tight as I could. There was little relief, but I hoped rather naively that it would be enough to get me to the top without further damage.

The lift kept going, and finally we could see the unloading point ahead. I was almost there. Ten chairs left. Nine chairs left. Eight chairs. Seven. Six. With each person ahead of us competently disembarking, I grew more confident that things would work out okay.

The lift halted once more...and once more was enough. The warmth I felt before paled in comparison to what was washing over me now. A cascade of hot urine escaped my overworked bladder in a hurry, some of it splashing down my legs, and still more of it settling beneath my seated butt. Ugh...it was so warm!

I let out a sharp gasp and tried my best to keep the rest of my pee inside me, but the fatigued muscles would not respond, and all I could do was whimper as my piss soaked everything beneath my ski pants and collected in my boots.

I would've almost described the entire ordeal as soothing were it not for the fact that I was left dangling in a chairlift next to one of my female friends, drenched in my own fluids. Jess asked me once more if I was alright, her concern growing. It was clear that I was not, but how do you respond in that situation? I was 18 years old and I had wet myself like a kid. I don't remember exactly what was said in the moment, but I'm pretty sure it was a curt *I'm fine!*

It wasn't a long wait before the lift moved again...not that it did me any good at this point. I did my best to gather my focus, and stepped off the lift without any issue. Once upright, I slinked away from our group and unceremoniously emptied the rest of my bladder into my gear in silence. I had no idea if any of it was showing through, but luckily the lighting at the top of the mountain was not especially revealing, and before long we were making our way back down. Guess I wouldn't need the bathroom after all.

I didn't bother sticking around to banter with my friends. After a quick goodbye, I went directly to my car and put my jacket down on the seat in case any pee seeped through the ski pants. Once I took my boots off, I realized how bad the situation was. Pants, socks, underwear...the faint scent of urine permeated all of it. The liner of the boots would also need a good cleaning.

After a short ride alone, I was back home. I tossed everything I could into the washing machine and put the boots aside for the moment. I'd have to tackle them at some point, but my first task was to wash the day's events off my skin. Sitting under the showerhead, I was left wondering if Jess knew exactly what happened next to her...

