Nyssa's Desperate Day Off

Author: theMoose

*000*2025-08-30 20:18

**Quick warning: this story contains a lot of messing in addition to wetting, if that's not your thing, don't read the final act, I included wetting beforehand intentionally to make it an easier read. This is also my first work of omorashi fic, I hope it holds up to some of the greats on this site**

Nyssa Thorton was glad to have a proper day off tomorrow. She'd been working herself to the bone recently as an assistant manager at her storefront, so busy she'd had to eat on the go, take only brief showers at home, and hadn't had the chance to take her routine poop in the mornings at work. Skipping once would be trouble enough, so missing all eight days she had worked had proven to be disastrous on her insides. She hadn't been this constipated since her high school swim team's trip out of town. Having heavier bowel movements and longer pees throughout her life, she'd developed a strong and shy bladder.

The thought of pooping in the shared bathroom at their hotel had mortified her and she didn't go the entire weekend and had had to rush to a rest stop bathroom on the bus ride home. That had been traumatic enough to make the idea of pooping at work impossible on a normal day, let alone her recent week from hell, so she was as constipated as could be. Two days before she had stopped by a pharmacy to pick up some psyllium husk supplements and had take two with her 8pm dinner in the hopes of moving things along on her day off.

The converse side of her shyness in public bathrooms had led to the development of her kink when in the privacy of her own home. She knew her recent constipation gave her an event to look forward on her day off, granted that was only if she could get everything moving.

Having just clocked out of her retail job, she made her way down the street toward her favorite pizzeria. The walk was only about a quarter of a mile, and she wanted the exercise to move things along. The cool autumn night was refreshing compared to the stuffy storefront she'd been cooped up in all day, and she felt a sense of excitement and relaxation for the first time in over a week. She approached the pizzaria, having placed an order over the phone, knowing it'd be ready when she got there. She walked in and the owner Hughie greeted her warmly.

"Nyssa! We've missed you this past week, is everything okay?" Hughie asked.

"It is now, Hughie. We had a sale and two callouts with the flu this week so I had to cover and work eight days in a row." She replied.

"Ouch! I understand though, we had a call-out the other night because of the flu. Rough time of year to be working in service." He said sympathetically.

"I'll live," she responded. "Especially with my dinner tonight, I live for your pizza."

"Perfect timing then!" Hughie grabbed the serving tray and brought it over to where Nyssa was seated. "Combo with extra olives and a large soda, just how you like it."

She thanked him and reveled in the food and company. They commiserated with one another for the next half hour as she nearly inhaled the entire 10 inch pizza. Hughie made for good company, he reminded Nyssa of her ex-partner Josh. They'd parted on good terms, he had just wanted to move across the country for a job opportunity and Nyssa was too comfortable where she was. When they realized the commitment wouldn't work they understood they'd be better as friends. She felt bittersweet about the whole affair but she took solace in her friendship with him and Hughie.

At around 9pm she felt a rumble in her stomach. Taking that as her cue to leave, Nyssa thanked him again for the pizza and conversation, grateful it had been a slow night at the pizzaria. She brusquely departed and sped walked her way home, cramps threatening to halt her progress, and a nagging feeling in her bladder.

The stoplight and crosswalk were not in her favor tonight. With each slowly reached "walk" signal from the crosswalk readers, she ran across each street, barely concealing the hand she'd pressed to her nether. The needling pangs had become a loud and aching knock on her bladder, and the pressure was nearly unbearable by the time she potty danced up the steps of her apartment.

Throwing the door to her apartment open she rushed to the bathroom, barely remembering to shut her front door. She didn't bother with the bathroom door and slammed her rear onto her toilet, a spray of gold splashing into the porcelain. She moaned in ecstasy, almost climaxing from the relief.

"That's what I get for drinking a large soda." She thought. The last drips having fallen from her with a glorious sigh, she decided to start pushing to see if she could make progress on her behind problem.

"Hngh, ergh, unh!" She strained and strained for ten minutes, but no such luck, only a symphony of gas. She have up and settled down for the night, hoping tomorrow's morning coffee would break the barrier that had built up in her colon.

As she slept that night, Nyssa dreamt of Josh. They were grinding against each other in their old bed, he was kissing her neck and chest, his hands gripping her thighs and wandering all over her. In her dream she climaxed, and in a head rush of sensation wet her bed and all over Josh's stiff groin. In response he groaned in arousal and started grinding harder. Nyssa had never told him about her kink in real life, so it was a pleasant surprise to see him react like this. He gripped her ass and pushed hard against her. Nyssa almost finished again but then woke up.

She sat up suddenly in a cold sweat and cursed. She had wet the bed. Looking at the clock, it was 3:30 AM. Frustrated but the unsatisfying interruption of her dream and the state of her sheets, she opted not to get up to change them. Instead she pulled her vibrator out from her nightstand for some fun. She did miss Josh, and for right now this was the closest she could get to feeling him again. After a few minutes of masturbation, she settled back down to sleep, satisfied, but with a dull thrum at her anus.

When Nyssa woke to her alarm at 8am, she knew today was the day. She rushed into the kitchen, excitedly waiting for her espresso to brew. A double shot should do the trick. She downed it in a gulp and got out some bread to toast. Her recent state had left her with little appetite, and she knew she'd overeaten the previous night. With the toast and jam and coffee, that should be enough to move this mountainous beast out of her unforgiving bowels.

The pressure on her backside began almost instantaneously, a knock that sent waves across her body. It was time for the real task, and the real fun.

With the relaxation of her muscles, a stream of gold jumped out her spraying onto her kitchen floor. She was glad it was linoleum, cleaning would be a cinch (hopefully). She moaned in relief and pleasure, reveling in the naughtiness of her plan. Before she had finished peeing, she pushed with a grunt, which intensified the stream into her pajama pants and the growing puddle below her.

She squatted down and with a cry of exertion the first of her log was pushing into her pajamas. Josh had bought them for her, they were her favorites but she didn't care if they were ruined. She had to get this titan of a dump out of her one way or another. Straining so hard she was flushed, Nyssa expelled the hard lumpy poop into her cotton pajamas, and the real beast began to move, forming an angular sag in her pants. Standing from her squat the beast she wrestled threatened to push her pants off of her. Once the softer mess began settling it did push her pants down with the weight of it, and the loose pajamas slipped down around her ankles as the majority of the solid beast slithered onto her kitchen floor. With a final grunt of effort she forced the monstrous turd from her: "unnnnngh!" And it landed with a plap onto the floor and the waistband of her pajama pants. She felt a slight rumble and let out a loud, resonating fart that echoed through her tiny apartment.

She stepped out of her pajamas pants fully and marveled at the mess before her, her puddle was running down along the bottom of her cabinets and the mountainous turd sat in the middle, a triumph of her messing. Nyssa almost felt lightheaded, but was deeply proud of what lay before her. In her sudden deep arousal she pulled her pants up around her, squishing the titan against her rear and she masturbated furiously. In a final act of curiosity she weighed the poop on her bathroom scale, its waves of heat still present ten minutes after she'd expelled it to the prison of her pajamas. Almost a pound and a half! It was miraculous she got it out of her at all, but Nyssa knew this would be a day to remember.

After her long and detailed cleanup, she eagerly checked her work schedule, this promised to make things much more bearable in the future.

