Company Dinner

Author: tw1nk

*000*2022-05-18 21:13

When things are offered to me, I can never find it within myself to decline. Normally I would think of it as a habit of politeness or formality, but right now, it was a curse.

Drink after drink after drink was placed onto the table in front of me. After cup three the waitress had stopped asking if I wanted a refill and instead just wordlessly got me a new one. I scolded the Earth under my breath for not making loose sweatpants qualifiable as buisness casual, and squirmed as naturally as one could squirm against the infinitely tightening belt pressing up against my bladder. If I were to stand up right now, no doubt my stretching core would push out into a very visible bulge; and so, out of such fear, I continued to sit.

As my colleagues continued to talk for what felt like eons, I began to worry whether the heat in my crotch was from sweat, getting turned on, or even worse, my own pee. The clocks ran slower and slower still as I searched eagerly for an opening to excuse myself to the restroom. When I finally found that opening, my bladder sobbed silently as the waitress put another full glass in front of me; I couldn't leave my spot when just given a new glass - I would have to drink it first.

The drink felt like syrup as I forced it all down, liquid needles racing to pop my bladder before I could make it to the restroom. I thought I might moan aloud when the glass was finally empty - in fact, I'm still not fully convinced I hadn't moaned as the cup touched back down to the table. I excused myself from the group and stood from the table, forgetting to push my chair back in as I practically darted to the restroom. It was a single stall unisex restroom, and there was only one in the entire facility accessible to patrons. I didn't think to knock once in arms-length of the door - not that it would have mattered, since whoever was inside was wise enough to have locked the door.

Tears were beginning to well up at my eyes and I finally gave up on trying to behave with formal etiquette. Like a child, I gripped down onto my crotch and crossed my legs as tight as they would go - which in hindsight was a terrible idea given the sensitivity of my massive pee bulge - and leaned my free arm up against the door for support. Although only mere seconds had passed for the man inside the bathroom, it felt like I had been at the door for over a year waiting for it to open.

The door unlatched, and so my bladder immediately followed.

I tried to shove past him in time to get to the toilet, but it was pointless once realizing I still had my belt secure around my waist. I let myself cry in the center of the restroom as hot piss streamed down my legs and soaked past the fabric of my business casual slacks. The man, initially shocked by my desperate accident, now found himself glued to where he stand and watching lustfully as I sank to the ground in a puddle of my own urine. I couldnt tell which of our faces was more red in the moment that I locked eye contact with him, and I probably could have figured it out if his wife hadn't rushed over so soon to usher him away from the crying adult pantswetter.

(this is my first attempt at omo fiction! feel free to leave thoughts/feedback on it ^^)

