After-camp Camping Weekend

Author: TopCat31

*000*2024-02-08 18:35

Emma and Grace each crawled into their sleeping bags. They had spent the previous week as leaders at a kids camp, both were really glad to get some time to themselves.

They knew the week was going to be tough and planned a few days in a glamping pod afterwards to relax and just have time to themselves.

It didn't take long before they were both asleep, their weary, aching minds and bodies glad of the rest. Unfortunately, it also wasn't long before they were both awake. Emma was lying awake silently resting. Grace was wide awake and needed to pee but stayed still and silent.

Emma was lying on her side curled up in a fetal position, one hand under her chin in a fist. Moving slowly Emma straightened her wrist, uncurled her fingers and slipped her thumb into her mouth. Gently closing her eyes and slowly taking a big breath through her nose. She was very careful to move slowly so Grace wouldn't know she was awake.

Grace was lying on her back enveloped in her sleeping bag. Her bladder was full and keeping her awake but she really didn't want to move. Carefully she looked over at Emma, seeing she was curled up facing away from her and fast asleep. Grace felt mischievous and the thought of peeing in her sleeping bag wouldn't budge.

Being very careful not to wake Emma or even show any indications she was awake in case Emma suddenly woke up, Grace shifted weight off her bum and onto her back and ankles. Once she was in position Grace glanced over at Emma and listened hard, no movement and the only noise was her heartbeat in her ears.

Gently closing her eyes and forcing her muscles to relax, instantly Grace felt a warm wet spreading between her legs. Sucking her lips in relishing the feeling of relief and trying to keep silent, she steadied the flow. Her pj shorts did an ok job at absorbing the pee but there was alot more to come.

As Grace let out a steady flow it felt as if a single drop was running down her bum, gliding between her cheeks until it hit the waistband of her shorts, where the warmth spread out across her bum. The feeling was too much and Grace let out a few gasps feeling her bladder empty and the warm, wet spread around her.

Once Grace was empty, and rather exhausted, she lowered herself back onto her bottom, closed her eyes and was not long before she was fast asleep.

To be continued, sorry to cut it short

