Kate Reaches Her Limit

Author: theman08

*000*2024-07-01 18:18

Hey everyone, this is the last Kate story I had planned out. It’s a bit long and will probably be a couple parts. I do want to do another one with new characters that goes into messing more. Let me know if you’re interested in that or prefer this, or thoughts in general.

It was midday on a Sunday. I sat alone relaxing, a far cry from last weekends adventures. Kate, now really getting into the swing of things at work, had took the opportunity to get ahead of her weekly tasks as well as catch up with some old school friends. Now that they were done with classes, the girls and her rarely saw each other. Knowing the school would be open and not too crowded on a weekend though, her former study group decided to plan a reunion. A couple “yes’s” and a few “maybes” later, and it was set.

Kate told me she expected to be gone about two hours. Four had gone by since she’d arrived. Although I was sure she was fine, I reached for my phone to check in on her. Right as I started that, I heard the door open. Kate soon walked in, an uncomfortable look on her face. “I did something bad,” she said with an uneasiness in her tone.

Kate woke up later than intended. With thirty minutes until the agreed upon start time, she still lay lazily in bed. As she groggily checked her phone, she became aware of her mistake. She quickly sprung up and made her way to the closet. Discarding her pajamas, Kate was left in nothing but her birthday suit. Her perfect and petite boobs and athletic butt both were left bare to anyone who may have been lucky enough to see. Deciding that wasn’t the most school appropriate outfit, Kate grabbed a white thing, light blue jeans, and red t shirt. Quickly getting dressed, she headed out the door, determined not to be too late.

Since she clearly wasn’t on her A game, Kate decided for a quick coffee to hopefully boost herself going forward. As she pulled in line for the drive through, she clearly wasn’t the only one who had the thought. Four cars sat ahead of her, and another one quickly came behind her. As Kate waited, she came to an unfortunate realization: she’d skipped her morning pee in her haste. She felt her body begin to wake up, and unfortunately this brought her bladder along with it. The situation was far from an emergency, but Kate’s confidence had been shaken by the wet events of the past few weeks. She contemplated leaving the line, but saw she was trapped. “I can hold it,” she said to herself.

As the line slowly moved, Kate allowed a hand to travel for support. She bounced her leg absentmindedly, praying the line would move fast. Had her recent mishaps not happened, Kate would have been unworried. She still sat confident she’d make it, but she’d have felt even better if her muscular ass was surrounded by porcelain rather than denim and leather.

After ten minutes, Kate made it to the window. Despite the urge in her bladder, she ordered a large iced coffee. It made sense in her head-she’d be there for a while and needed to have something to sip on. Plus, she could pee soon anyways. She debated using the store, but decided to wait until school. Those would be cleaner, and the urge wasn’t that bad. As Kate was handed her coffee, the coldness and moisture of the cup sent a spasm to her bladder. Kate jammed her legs together to prevent any mishaps. Gaining control after a few seconds, Kate drove to school. She’d pee right away.

By the time Kate parked, her bladder had reached an 8.5/10. Not leaking or flooding herself, but not far off. As she stood up and grabbed her bags, the need immediately rose above a 9. With a slight legs cross and a sharp breath, Kate kept it under control. She just needed to drop her stuff off and take the short bathroom walk. Had she not peed herself three times in the last few months, including twice the last week, she’d have felt fine. Now a bit of doubt crept in. Kate approached her friends, ready to head to the bathroom momentarily. She saw three girls, Alexis, one of her good friends, Sydney, another friend, and Lynsey, a more friend of a friend that Kate wasn’t a huge fan of. “Kate! Glad you’re here, we have a question for you,” said Sydney. Kate’s heart sank. She wanted to help, but she had to pee, but she was also pee shy. Not wanting to risk anything weird, she spoke up, “Sure, I just need to use the bathroom quick.”

“It’ll only take a second!”

Kate was filled with dread. Did she dare admit she was bursting? She could probably hold it… but what if she didn’t? Any leak would show on her jeans, and her bladder confidence wasn’t high by any means.

“Sorry… I uh… kinda need to go pretty bad. I’ll be right back.”

Kate felt her face burning up. Admitting to her friends how badly she had to go was extremely embarrassing, but she just couldn’t justify the risk. Kate placed her things down and turned around. The bathroom was simply around the corner and down a long hall. As Kate rounded the corner, her relief came into sight. Seeing the bathroom caused her urge to increase again. Kate knew it was mental, but she just couldn’t help it. The time after finals, the tailgate, the car (that didn’t really count), and her laundry room mishap all were on her mind.

It felt like someone was constantly pouring liquid into her bladder. Now a handful of steps from the toilet, Kate felt another wave hit. She no longer told herself she didn’t need to go badly—all her focus was the room ahead. She estimated in about 20 seconds the flood would commence, like it or not. Despite being a few steps away from the bathroom, Kate began undoing her button and zipper. She panicked as her hands began working. This was the cause of her first accident. Had it gone differently, maybe she wouldn’t feel like this right now. Maybe the panic wouldn’t be there. As she tried to slide the button out, her hand slipped. The surprise of that caused a jolt to Kate. Feeling another urge, she crossed her legs as tightly as possible. Unfortunately, this came after a little leak. This couldn’t happen.

Taking a deep breath and focusing her energy. She tried again on the button: Success. She tried the zipper: success. A passerby would now see a glimpse of her white panties, but she didn’t care. Besides, no one was around anyways. She just couldn’t handle any more delays. She reached for the bathroom door and pulled… open. She dashed inside, praying one of the stalls would be open… they all were. Still a few steps from the stall, Kate began to pull her pants down. Had another person been washing their hands, they’d have been greeted by the top half of her butt, but no such person existed.

Kate entered in the stall and immediately locked it. Pulling her pants just below her knees, she turned around and sat. The sound of her stream filled the room, only accompanied by a small moan of relief. Any delays and she’d have been soaked. She felt embarrassed about that fact, but also relieved she made it. Well, almost. She looked down to inspect her leak. A golf ball sized golden wet patch was present in the crotch of her panties, but nothing showed on her jeans. With a sigh of relief, Kate grabbed a few squares of toilet paper to dry the fabric as best she could. As she finished going, she took a deep breath and wiped herself clean. It had been an eventful morning, and she was ready to get to work.

*002*2024-07-05 15:18

{{On 7/1/2024 at 8:37 PM, WiiGuy86 said:

Amazing start and I'm already eagerly awaiting the next part!

}}

Thank you! I’m hoping to this next week, but if not hoping the week after. It will depend on schedule!

*004*2024-07-14 20:52

Here is the next chapter. It’s not as intense as the other ones, but that’s coming. Hope you enjoy.

@@With her bladder emptied, Kate composed herself and approached her friends. She hated when people knew she’d used the bathroom, so she felt awkward as she came into view. She tried to play it off normal, “hey everyone, what can I help you with?” she asked, hoping to steer the conversation in her direction. “Lynsey is taking an extra class just on contracts to get prepared for the topic,” said Sydney, “we got it though.” Kate nodded, understandingly. “Besides, it didn’t seem like as much of an emergency as your bladder was,” piped Lynsey, “you practically sprinted out of here… did you make it?” she said with a laugh. Kate felt her face burn up. She was sure she turned red with embarrassment. Was it that obvious she had to go so badly? She felt like she had to play it off somehow, saying “Yea I did. And sorry about that, I hadn’t gone today and the urge just kind of hit me.” Lynsey laughed again, “well, it’s a good thing you didn’t have this outfit on. If you did, your boyfriend would probably be bringing you new clothes right now,” she said gesturing to her outfit with a hint of meanness in her voice. This is why Kate was never a huge fan of Lynsey— she just always seemed a bit mean and nasty. Kate herself was pretty innocent and sweet, and most of her friends were too. Maybe Lynsey just thought it was funny, but interactions like these weren’t uncommon, and it certainly wasn’t something Kate wanted to hear right now. Despite this, Kate would never tell her off or anything. She’d just hope it went away or she could joke it off.

@@Kate also thought about what Lynsey said about the outfit. Lynsey wore a light blue floral romper that tied in the back and was pretty tight all around. She may not have liked Lynsey, but she knew there was no denying she was an attractive woman. With flowing blonde air, a round ass with muscle from her days as a volleyball player, and boobs that were probably a C cup. Kate wished she had a body like that, but she also knew she was by no means unattractive. She just wasn’t on the level of Lynsey, where guys would routinely hit on her at bars and in school. From her time with Lynsey, she knew she had no issue with that development. Even today, her romper showed ample cleavage, and as Kate looked closer, it seemed like she wasn’t even wearing a bra. An interesting choice, Kate thought. Even though her boobs were right across from Kate, it was on the other side that she couldn’t shake. The tie that Lynsey teased her about, implying that Kate would have had to deal with much worse than a leak had she needed to solve that in her desperate state. The thought worried Kate, but she did her best to put it out of her mind. After all, she wasn’t wearing that outfit, and she did make it. She just felt lucky there were no wardrobe malfunctions this time.

Kate pulled out her laptop and began to work on her upcoming reports and cases. The girls talked among themselves for a bit and caught up on life. All three of her friends found themselves busy with various projects and life work. They commented on the weather and summer, and how it was unseasonably warm out still. “It’s great to see everyone, I cleared my schedule all day for this,” said Alexis. The girls all smiled, “I did too,” added Kate, “it’s great to see you all.” Sydney also pointed out that no one else was in the school, which surprised them a bit. “I guess they aren’t as dedicated as we were and are,” she said. With life catching up to all of them it became harder and harder to see her old friends, so this was a welcome event. As they talked and worked, Kate became thirsty, and reached down to grab her large water bottle. Grabbing it and taking a sip, she felt refreshed.

“Careful, Kate. We don’t want you getting in any more trouble,” she heard Lynsey pipe up. Kate’s ears burned with embarrassment. She was annoyed, but it wasn’t her personality to respond with anger. Instead, she tried to stay calm. “I won’t, thanks. And you guys have those big teas with you,” she said motioning to their drinks. The girls all had a 24 ounce sweet tea from the vending machine in front of them and were sipping them intermittently. “Yea, but we don’t have those issues. Plus they’re so good,” Lynsey responded. Shrugging off “those issues,” Kate just dropped the conversation and continued working.

After about 45 minutes of working, Kate felt her bladder begin filling. As she reached for her cup, she realized why— she’d already finished her 24 ounce water. This was pretty quick, but not a huge surprise. She tended to mindlessly sip when she worked, and the weather was warm in general. Between that and her coffee from earlier, it wasn’t a shock it filled up this quickly. The urge wasn’t bad yet, but she didn’t want to find herself in another tricky situation. However, she also didn’t want to get up so quickly and draw attention to herself and her bladder. She decided to hold for a bit longer and work some more, her shyness getting the better of her.

@@As Kate kept on reading, she couldn’t get her mind totally off her bladder. The pangs of it in the back of her mind stayed present no matter how hard she tried to focus elsewhere. She began tapping her leg to try and get her mind off of it, but it was useless. She had to pee. She wouldn’t do good work until she did. There was no hope of waiting long enough that no one would notice. Gathering her courage Kate began to rise. She pulled her phone out in unison, hoping to maybe have her friends say nothing. “You okay?” asked Alexis. Damn, Kate thought. “Yea, I just need to use the bathroom quick,” she said quietly. “Didn’t you just go?” Lynsey asked with a chuckle. Kate sighed. She knew it looked weird. She wished she could hold forever, but she couldn’t. “Yea, I did,” she replied, “but I finished my water and coffee. I’ve been trying to stay hydrated.” Sydney and Alexis barely acknowledged it, sensing that Kate wasn’t proud of it. “Well don’t let us stop you then, we know it can be tight,” said Lynsey, again with a hint of meanness. Kate was annoyed at her comment, but moved past it. Approaching the bathroom with much less stress than last time, Kate opened the door to find it empty again. Going in the same stall as last time, she undressed and sat down. Her stream softly trickled down before soon picking up with more power. As Kate relaxed, she was surprised by how much she held. As lame as it sounded, it felt good for her to have a time where her bladder was full, but she wasn’t desperate. She enjoyed her time with the group, even if Lynsey was getting on her nerves. She could shrug it off for now, and maybe she was just trying to be funny, Kate thought to herself. Roughly 30 seconds had passed since Kate first sat, and she felt her stream begin to die off. With a quick wipe and flush, she redressed, and headed towards the group.

*007*2024-07-18 23:40

{{12 hours ago, rfthawne said:

Part of me does hope we also get to see Lynsey desperate and getting a little comeuppance. Great story so far!

}}

Who knows, will have to wait and see 🤷‍♂️

*008*2024-11-05 23:37

Sorry for the delay, but here is part 3! I think there will be one more part, and a possible epilogue after. Enjoy!

Kate made her way back towards the group, now feeling relieved with an empty bladder. As she approached the group, she noticed Lynsey was gone. This was a bit of a pleasure for Kate to see, as she looked forward to not having to be teased about her bladder anymore. The thought crossed her mind that she could just be a bit sensitive, but she brushed it off. “Did Lynsey leave?” Kate asked, with a bit of hope in her voice. “No, she just went to get another one of those teas,” responded Sydney, “but you did miss our new discussion… what’s the most embarrassing thing that could happen to you in a trial?” 

Maybe it was the comfort she felt with her friends, maybe it was her trying to make light of the situation, maybe it was just Kate answering truthfully to a fault, or maybe a fundamental misunderstanding, but with a slight hesitation Kate responded, “Like peeing my pants in court?” 

Sydney and Alexis looked at each other for a brief moment before bursting out laughing. “Kate we meant like forgetting a reference or not remembering evidence,” said Sydney through a laugh, “you’re so funny though.”

Kate definitely felt a little embarrassed, but laughed at it as well. “You have to admit it would be pretty bad,” Kate said, defending herself, but also chuckling along with it. Alexis spoke up next, saying “Yeah, but like how would that even happen? Think of all the long hours and days we had at school. You never had that happen that whole time, right?” The question caught Kate off guard. On the one hand, she didn’t want to admit to her post finals accident, but on the other hand she didn’t know if she could lie to her friends convincingly enough. “Well… like not really…” Kate started, unsure of what to say or how to say it. She could still remember the day of the test and the events leading to what had been her first accident in years. The delays in the test room, the elevator, and her zipper had all formed the perfect combination to leave her with a full on accident for the first time since she was a kid. The embarrassment of that moment once again caused her to go red in the present day. “It like, wasn’t really my fault,” she said uneasily. A voice spoke up from behind her, “What wasn’t your fault?”

Kate was thankful she was sitting on a completely empty bladder. The shock of the voice behind her had startled her, and given the embarrassment she was already feeling, likely would have caused a leak. Kate spun around to see Lynsey, unsure of how to respond. Kate opened her mouth but nothing came out, unsure of what to tell Lynsey. Her friends knowing was one thing, but given Lynsey’s earlier rude comments, Kate felt worried about what would happen if she knew. Unfortunately for Kate, Sydney spoke up, “Did you know Kate peed her pants during finals??” 

Kate felt her face burn up with embarrassment. She didn’t necessarily blame Sydney for saying anything, but she wished it had been kept private. She surely didn’t know that the topic was a bit sensitive, and she definitely didn’t know that the cluster of accidents were weighing on Kate additionally. Lynsey immediately burst out laughing, making Kate want to disappear. ‘Maybe she should laugh,’ Kate thought. ‘After all, I’m literally an adult who can’t hold her pee.’ Her thoughts were interrupted by Lynsey, who had yet to stop laughing, barely spitting out “Kate, oh my goodness. You really do have pee issues. Now I really don’t blame you for going earlier! How does that even happen??” 

Kate didn’t know what to say— on the one hand it was true. She shouldn’t pee her pants. On the other hand, she felt like she needed to defend herself. Speaking up meekly, she said “I don’t know I just was focused on the test, and then there were delays getting back, and I don’t know it just happened. It could happen to anyone.” Still laughing, Lynsey shook her head, “No Kate, it can’t. When I need to pee I hold it. Then I use the toilet like any normal adult.” Kate tried to speak up, but the words wouldn’t come out. She began to feel like maybe Lynsey was right. Maybe she should be embarrassed by it— had she held just a few seconds longer on that day she’d have already forgotten about it. “Look let’s just talk about it later, it was dumb,” Kate said, trying to change the subject. Seemingly in support, Alexis quickly agreed.

“Fine,” Lynsey said with a chuckle, followed immediately by her snapping a photo of Kate. She could tell it had been meant to be subtle, but Kate noticed the move and subtle click.

“What is that?” she asked annoyed. “One second,” Lynsey replied, typing away. Soon after, Kate’s phone buzzed. She looked down, seeing a snap message to a group of roughly 12 law students in their class. She opened the message and immediately saw the picture of her, captioned ‘The face of a girl who peed her pants to pass finals.’ Kate felt her face burn red with embarrassment. Immediately she began to see replies, mostly from Lynsey’s friends. 

“OMG no way!”

“Hahahaha this year?”

“That’s awful but lowkey worth it! Respect.”

Kate continued to burn up inside. She was supposed to be a sophisticated adult, not some girl who couldn’t handle her bladder. Of course she still felt she was, but now it felt like everyone else didn’t think that. And now people she wasn’t even close with would know about it. It should’ve just been her and her boyfriend, instead it was broadcast to the whole school (basically) now. “Why would you post send that?” she said with anger and annoyance.

“Because Kate, it’s funny! Come on, if it was such a big deal, you could have just held longer. I’d hate to have an accident, so I just don’t,” she said with a laugh, then adding, “Lexi, Sydney, I got us another tea. I just hope we can avoid a dreaded pee accident,” still laughing.

Kate again rolled her eyes and felt a sense of embarrassment, however, she realized that protesting would only make it worse. She really wanted to believe that her recent accidents were no big deal, but she was beginning to second guess herself. Trying to get her mind off of it, she opened back up the materials for her case and resumed work.

For the next 30 minutes, nothing super eventful happened. The girls made light conversation and worked on their various cases/projects. Lynsey continued to work on her assignment from earlier, and Kate sympathized. Having taken the class last year, she knew it was a tough and long task. 

Kate herself took notes on an upcoming case, and she felt as though she’d found a couple of pieces that could maybe put her side on top. Sydney and Alexis worked on cases themselves, and it seemed everyone was doing well for themselves at the moment.

“Lynsey, I just wanted to let you know how cute your romper is!” spoke up Alexis, “where did you get that?”

“My sister actually made it custom for me! She works as a clothes designer in kind of a freelance role. Honestly, her stuff is normally pretty expensive, but it was a gift from her,” Lynsey replied. Kate had to admit that the romper did look pretty cute, and she enjoyed the style of the look. In fact, she’d actually been wondering herself where she’d gotten it earlier on. “Tell her I think they’re super cute,” Kate said, “maybe after I win a couple of cases I can get one.”

“I’ll let her know, and yea just—“

“Oh shit!” piped up Alexis, “look what we just got sent Syd,” she said as she showed her phone to her. Sydney sat for a second reading the phone, before rolling her eyes. “Great…” she said as she began packing up. “Sorry girls, Lexi and I have to head out. Apparently our whole floor had a pipe burst and now emergency maintenance needs to go room to room to inspect the damage and fix everything. It was great to catch up with you though.”

The girls hugged each other as Sydney and Alexis packed up. Kate was sad her two favorites of the group were leaving. She felt tempted to pack up herself, but she knew that would be kind of rude and transparent to Lynsey. Plus, she had work to do still. With a wave and a smile, the girls exited, leaving just two behind.

“Well that would suck,” Lynsey said. Kate nodded in agreement. “Do you think you’d be able to help me with a couple questions on this assignment?” she asked Kate. Always willing to help, she nodded, “sure, just let me know when you have a question and I’ll do my best. It’s a tough class for sure… I hated it. But yea I’ll work on my case and you do that,” she replied kindly.

For the next thirty minutes, both girls worked in coordination with each other, continuing to make progress while sipping their drinks. Kate helped Lynsey intermittently, and while she was disappointed her friends left, it wasn’t a bad day overall.

“I’m going to the bathroom. Those teas are dangerous.” she heard Lynsey say quietly as she got up from her seat. Kate largely ignored the comment, giving a slight nod. She had only two pages to get through on one of her documents, and she was focused in on it. It was a lot of reading, and once it was finished, she could focus more on the writing, which was much more enjoyable.

A few minutes later, Lynsey returned, “Kate, I have a question.” Kate just had a paragraph to go, and was focused almost entirely on it. With just a couple sentences to go, she nodded, continuing to read. “So like… what happened when you peed your pants exactly?” Too focused to get annoyed by the question, or even register it completely, Kate kept her head down. “Which time?” She responded, mainly focused on what was now the last sentence. Lynsey nearly choked, and with the text now finished, Kate immediately realized her mistake. “Oh my god! What do you mean which time?!?” She practically shouted, “There was more than one!!!” She was barely even able to speak through her laughter. 

Kate burned up hotter than the sun. ‘I can’t believe I just said that,’ she thought to herself. ‘How am I that stupid??’ Her mind immediately shifted to damage control. “You don’t understand, both times I had a couple drinks, and I had to go multiple hours without a toilet, and neither time was my fault, I couldn’t do anything about it!” She said with panic and embarrassment oozing through her voice. “Wait,” said Lynsey laughing still, “two hours and two drinks makes you piss yourself?”

“No, I can hold it if it’s just that!” She said desperately defending herself, “It was literally just because other stuff happened with it. Like my zipper got stuck or the line was 30 minutes and I was drunk! And it’s not that easy even. You peed twice today too!” Kate could barely believe the words coming out of her mouth. Here she sat talking about her most embarrassing moments with a woman she borderline wasn’t even friends with in the middle of school. 

“So you’re saying you can hold it for two hours easily? Even if you have two full waters?” Lynsey asked with curiousness, and a smile. Kate felt unsure of what to say, but believed she could. With slight hesitation, she nodded. “Let’s see you do it then, Kate. Two hours to prove you’re not incapable of controlling yourself,” Lynsey spoke with a touch of contempt. Kate’s jaw dropped wide open, shocked at what she was hearing. “Absolutely not! Why would I do that?” She said quite firmly. Lynsey, still seeming to have a touch of arrogance, replied “if you do it I’ll get you one of these custom made, free of charge.” Kate was surprised to hear that. 

“I thought you said they were expensive? Like over $100?” Nodding, Lynsey replied, “They are. But I get one for my birthday every year. I already have a handful. I’ll tell her it’s for a friend. Seems more than fair, right?” Kate was shocked what she was hearing. It… actually kind of was. She genuinely did love the look of them, and the value for just two hours was hard to argue. She was actually kind of considering it, as crazy as the idea was. “And… what if I can’t last that long?” She said, barely able to believe the words coming out of her mouth.

“Then you finish my assignment for me. Already doubting yourself?” She said smiling. “That assignment takes forever! I’m not doing that whole thing,” Kate replied strongly, “I mean if I can’t do it then I’m not.” Lynsey shrugged, “fine, you have to work on it until I pee again. Since you just called me out on it myself, I’ll show you the difference between us. I’ll even drink the first two bottles with you.” Kate couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Was she really considering this? On the one hand, she didn’t really feel like getting into a holding contest.

But on the other, she could win something she really wanted, AND shut Lynsey up. As she thought about it, she thought of her bladder. She’d finished another water, and it had been roughly 90 minutes since she’d gone. She could feel a slight pang, but it wasn’t desperate. Surely she could handle another water and 30 more minutes total, right? After a couple seconds of thinking, she made up her mind. “You get our drinks. I haven’t gone in a while, so I’m going to pee since you just did. We can start when I get back, but we need to work during it.”

“Deal!” Lynsey said with a sly smile, extending her hand. Kate shook it— still slightly in disbelief it was getting to this point. Kate began her journey to the bathroom, while Lynsey went to get drinks. A short walk later, she entered inside and strolled to the first stall. Pulling her pants and thong down, Kate saw the slight patch with a golden tinge from earlier, now mostly dried. With a deep breath she relaxed her body, her stream soon following. She couldn’t believe she was to this point— now having to prove to her classmate she had any sort of control. As her stream echoed in the bowl and splashed down, she began to think about the next two hours. She felt she could do it, but felt nervous about the fallout if not. With a deep sigh, she felt her stream taper off. Pulling up her pants, she returned to the lobby— ready to upgrade her wardrobe.
