[Borderlands] Lilith gets off real quick

Author: thebeatgoeson22

*000*2014-02-21 04:04

So here's my super short fanfic of Lilith from Borderlands. Those of you who have played will probalby recognize the scenario. This is a real short one, not my favorite, I think I was drunk when I wrote it, heheheh. Again, I'm more in to the naughty aspect of it than the pure desperation. Hope you like it, and as always, feedback is welcomed!

"Ugh," thought Lilith. "This douchebag Erik-or-something is paying me to find his porn?!"

Erik had told her she would be finding his "vauleables", which had accidentally gotten trashed. As she stood here, looking at the hardcore mag, she was a little disgusted. She wasn't object to porn, necessarily, but... the pages were... sticky... She frowned. On to the next one. How many were there? Six? "Gross..."

After fighting her way through a mob of sythid, annoying slug-like creatures, she was pissed. Suddenly she realized she needed to piss. "I haven't gone all day!" She said, suddenly aware of her very full bladder. "I guess I could just go right here... No, seriouly, I'm in the middle of nowhere, I've just killed everything in sight, and, well... mmm, I am in the mood... ...just fuck myself... right here and now..." the idea echoed in her mind, her legs squeezing together unconsciously, her pussy becoming wet. Then she had an idea.

"Oh my god," a wave of adrenaline washing over her as she formed the thought. "I should pay this asshole back, I should piss on one of these gross things. Fucking asshole!" She thought. Some of the pictures had actually caught her eye, "maybe I can kill two birds with one stone here," she thought, and laughed hornily. She selected one of the less sticky mags, and opened to a random page, where she was met with an erotic pose of a large breasted brunette, spread eagle and perfectly revealing her delicious looking vagina. Lilith was taken aback. She was suddenly aware of how wet she was, and that the idea of wetting all over this magazine was turning her on immensely.

"Oh god, I'm gonna do it," she said, quickly looking around as she unbuckled her belt. She climbed on top of the dumpster lid, and set the magazine next to her. Looking around nervously once more she dropped her pants, sliding one slender leg out so she could spread herself wide. Her breathing quickened with the idea of what she was about to do. "Oh fuck, I'm gonna piss all over this girl, so hard," she thought. She imagined turning the mags back in to Erik, "Yeah, sorry, happens in a dump" she'd say. And the pervert would probably still use it, she thought. That made her even more excited, the idea of this jackoff jacking off to a picture covered with her girl pee.

She rubbed a finger over her pink little clit and shuddered with pleasure. "Oh fuck, oh fuck," she thought, looking around one last time. She glanced down at the magazine, with the beautiful brunette's pussy just below her own, both their legs spread identically wide, both of their naughty naked slits wide open to be seen by the world. Lilith could almost come already. She positioned herself, spreading her swolen pink shaved slit over the pages and began to relax.

A little squirt came and she gasped at the feeling of releasing somewhere forbidden. Her pussy slit hissed as a small jet began to escape, growing in to a thick but relaxed stream of hot golden girl pee. "Unnnnhh," she gasped, at the sight of her pee spraying down on the pages, all over the brunette girl's pussy, her tits, her face... "Oh GOD," Lilith moaned, "oh fuck..."

She was so full, just leaking, she needed to pee more. "Mmm, pee, mooorre... yeah," she thought, lost in her naughty act. She rubbed her pussy gently and pulled her lips apart a little as she pushed, a great jet of yellow piss hissed out over the mag.

ShhHHHHHHHHHHHSHSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhsssss

She relaxed for a second, her flow returning to a slow trickle from her slit. She paused for a second, and climbed down, picking up the magazine by the corner and holding it in front of her. "Time to finish this," she giggled.

She squatted and held the magazine between her spread legs, and resumed wetting. Her little red pussy hissed and squirted her girl pee for what seemed like a blissful eternety, spraying her legs and her hands with her warm piss was only making her more horny for what was about to come. As her flow ran out, she tossed the dripping magazine back up on the dumpster and opened it to the page with her brunette piss buddy on it, and began to rub her clit hard.

She stared at the girl, at her well rounded breasts, at her naughty little girl part. "Mmm, just like MY naughty little girl part," she thought as she masturbated her hot pussy. "I'm gonna cum. Oh god I'm gonna cum. Right here, oh fuck!" She grabbed the magazine and held it to her pussy as she bucked once, and came hard, eyes rolling back in to her head, her knees weakened, and her slit contracted, sending a forceful spray of girl cum all over the brunette's spread. She stood in shock for a moment, before pulling up her pants, giggling, and heading back to the car.

