Apex Legends: Valkyrie's Humiliation

Author: Tisiphopee

*000*2026-02-13 01:12

Needed to write a quicker story after spending so much time on nothing but buildup in my other work! Had a request for a girl in a flight suit, but I got to pick who, so I went with Valk from Apex, who I've always had a fiery crush on - probably because she liked girls too! I've not proofread this one as much, having not spent nearly as much time with it, so I apologise if there are any errors :>

///

Apex Legends: Valkyrie's Humiliation

It was about twenty minutes into the match when Valkyrie noticed something felt a little wrong. She had just leapt from the window of Bonsai Plaza, and when she gunned her thrusters to break her fall, she felt a funny feeling in her lower abdomen. Touching down, she flipped the controls from her hands and touched her stomach. After a moment of thought, she realised it was the feeling of liquid sloshing around. She'd had two tall glasses of water in the dropship, but that was to balance out the buzz she had from the Moscow Mules someone shared around before takeoff. Mirage, probably. She frowned with worry.

'Is everything okay?'

Kairi flinched with surprise. She'd been teamed up with Natalie today, and the woman had appeared behind her. 'Uh, yeah. Fine. What's up?' She replied casually. Kairi wished the callsigns were more for the press than for the games. It felt impersonal calling her friends another name on the field. Also, calling her "Wattson" only encouraged the woman's electricity puns, Kairi thought.

'Hehe, "Watt's up!"' chuckled her squadmate. Case in point. 'But nothing exciting. People really don't want to go upstairs today.' Kairi recalled the three or four fences that had been set up on the archway to each zipline in the Towers, which the women had trained their weapons on for a while before deciding anyone below had left. 'Shall we get moving? The Ring closes in two minutes. Do you have burn?'

Kairi didn't really want to fly them. While Natalie was talking, the woman's thoughts kept returning to the feeling in her bladder. Her jumpsuit featured two straps that wrapped around her inner thighs, and she wished there was a third one going up between her legs right now. Whenever she leans on walls, her jetpack tugs on the straps a little, and picturing the pressure that a centre strap would apply to her crotch only made Kairi's need feel stronger. Beads of sweat started appearing on her forehead, and she clenched her muscles as subtly as she could. Her ultimate was ready. She could fly them.

'Sorry, burn's not ready yet. We could go on foot?'

'If you want a little more charge, I could help you out? I have a few-' Kairi could already see her removing an Accelerant, and blurted out 'No thanks! I'm alright. They're better with you anyway.' Natalie returned the Accelerant to her pack with a hint of sadness, like a kicked puppy, and Kairi felt a twinge of guilt for not letting her be helpful.

'Okay, no worries. Let's surge ahead!' She laughed, and clapped her hands. Kairi smiled through gritted teeth. She was anxious to let the woman find somewhere to castle up already. Normally she hated being caged inside, away from the sky, but some time sat down is exactly what she needs right now. She wished the games weren't televised. She'd seen toilets in the Estates before.

'Aha, parfait! Get in, slowpoke!' Kairi heard the rev of an engine that wasn't her own, and realised that Natalie had found a Trident. She grimaced at the idea of holding onto it as the woman drove, but she had no choice, grabbing on as Wattson excitedly sped up. 'Whoooooo! I can see why you like flying!' she exclaimed, the wind whipping what little hair was sticking out of her hood.

Kairi was gritting her teeth. Every bump sent another jolt through her lower body, and she cursed the fact that she was having a bumpy ride on a vehicle that doesn't touch the ground. Nat was speeding up whenever she went uphill, going flying off the top, then hitting the ground hard. As the Trident came down once more, one of Kairi's feet came loose from where she had them, and her leg slipped off the vehicle for a moment. A cold panic seized her for a split second, and she quickly pulled herself back up.

However, the damage had already been done, as the control she had been maintaining over her abdomen briefly slipped, and a spurt of pee shot out of her. Kairi's eyes widened with panic, and she immediately rammed one hand between her legs, not caring about appearances in favour of needing to hold it NOW. The combined efforts of her hand and the renewed tightening of her muscles managed to stem the flow, but under her suit Kairi could feel the pee that escaped being slowly absorbed by the white cotton of her panties. This was rapidly becoming an emergency.

Just then, she saw the wall of the Estates. Had Nat been driving in circles for fun? How they hadn't been shot at yet mystified her. Still, she had to say something. 'H-here. Stop here.' She realised her voice was shaking. 'Pourquoi?' Kairi knew she couldn't tell her squadmate. The humiliation would be too great. Her hotheaded personality couldn't take it. 'It's near the middle of the ring. We can fence up inside To prepare.' 'Oh, good idea!' The Trident's engine roared as Wattson veered towards the housing complex. Kairi's breath caught as she felt herself get close to leaking, and she clenched as hard as she could. She couldn't lose control. She had to hold it.

Just then, they came to a stop, and Wattson dismounted. 'You were right to say no back there, by the way. That might have been better than flying!' Kairi wanted to fire back a retort, but her mind couldn't conjure one up as she dismounted the Trident. She felt so exposed in her desperation, like everybody could see. It was as if her jetpack and flight suit had been stripped off of her and she stood naked in this open field. Her chest was heaving, and her thighs were being drawn together almost unconsciously, the effort to hold it in had become so great.

'You f-fence up in there, I'll catch up, kay?' She managed, gesturing to the central building. 'Okay!' the cheery Legend replied, not questioning why Valkyrie may want some time alone as she skipped up the stairs of the house. As soon as Wattson had passed out of view, Kairi rammed both hands between her legs as a new wave of desperation hit her, unable to bite back the noise that came with it. 'Ngh, ah-!' It was like a cry for help. She gripped herself through her flight suit as hard as she could, feeling the dam just barely holding on. Stumbling into one of the houses, Kairi's eyes settled on a toilet, just how she remembered. It wasn't in the most private location, but she cared so little right now. 'Haah, haah, yeah, fuck yeah,' she exclaimed with intense relief, already fumbling with her- her suit. Her suit.

Her flight suit, attached to her jetpack, all of which she kept on for the full duration of the games. It would be unbelievably difficult to remove during a game, and her chances of not getting caught in the process were close to zero, and the humiliation of that situation was almost too much for Kairi's imagination. Not to mention she was only wearing a bra and panties underneath the suit.

Suddenly, the biggest wave yet crashed into her, and the sight of the toilet was weakening Kairi's mental defences against the incredible pressure. Another spurt shot out of her, this one passing through the crotch of her panties and raining onto the inside of her flight suit with a soft patter. 'N-no,' Kairi exclaimed, unable to stop herself. 'Is everything okay?' It was Nat on the comm. She had to play it cool, she needed to. 'A-all good, d-don't, a-ahh, don't-!' She was cut off as she lost control again. There was a soft hissing sound as Kairi peed into her panties hard for a full second before clamping both hands between her legs, pushing the uncomfortable wetness into herself. She was completely panicking. She didn't know what to do. Fuck being seen, the humiliation of peeing herself would be just as bad.

At this point, any viewers of the games watching camera #0584 would have seen Valkyrie begin unbuckling her jetpack, her hips and thighs squirming in all directions as the woman was now unable to use her hands to hold herself. Kairi was sweating, her legs clenching as hard as they could, but a small stream of pee was slowly trickling out of her as she began to lose the fight. A wet spot was forming on her flight suit. Kairi finally got her jetpack off, and it hit the floor with a crash. 

Immediately she began working on the zipper at the nape of her neck, but as soon as she brought her hands to it, it forced her bladder to contract as she jutted out her torso, and in spite of her valiant efforts to continue clenching as hard as she possibly could, pee exploded out of the woman. Kairi yelped with surprise and instantly returned her hands to her crotch, squeezing so hard it hurt. She had to hop from side to side to hold it now, and her bladder was throbbing in painful waves. Tears were forming in her eyes now, but somehow she managed to cut off the stream one final time. She knew now that she wouldn't be able to reach her zipper without peeing herself completely.

'Help...' She whimpered, hoping her comm was still on.

'Hm?' There she was. 'Get over here, Nat, please, if you could, I'm- I need- I have to-'

'What's that?'

'PLEASE NATALIE COME HERE I NEED YOUR HELP I HAVE TO PEE AND I'M GOING TO GO IN MY SUIT PLEASE' Kairi lost all composure, she was so wild with desperation. Wattson gasped, racing out of her fenced position and leaving the building, jogging to Kairi's estate. 'What is it that you need?!' 'ZIPPER UNDO MY ZIPPER PLEASE' Kairi couldn't move. She hoped Nat was close. Her gloves were wet.

Suddenly, the woman appeared in the house's small living room, past the divider separating the bathroom. The reality of Kairi's situation fully dawned on her. 'Ah, I - I see. Is it on your back?' Kairi couldn't look at her, the shame was too great. Her cheeks burned from the embarrassment, but her salvation was so close. 'Y-yes, mmMMM- at the top,' she managed shakily. Wattson quickly circled around her, the desperate woman bouncing in place. 'Yes, I see it!' Wattson tugged at the zip enthusiastically, and a lingering bit of static electricity that had been lurking in her clothes and gloves passed through the zip and into Kairi's body. 

'Aah- !' She recoiled from the small shock and felt her tired muscles let up their grip, while her hands had jerked away from her thighs. Finally, the dam broke. 'No! Please- mmhn-!' Pee sprayed out of her for a full three seconds, entirely soaking her panties and creating a wet spot on her thighs. Her muscles were spasming now, the stream stopping and starting. Kairi needed Nat to not be here, not see this. 'I'm sorry I can't hold it I- I can't hold-' She wanted to run away, but the toilet was right in front of her, she had nowhere better to go. Finally, her tortured bladder could stand no more, and Kairi lost all control. 

'No, Nonononono-!' Hot pee shot out of her, totally flooding her flight suit having soaked her panties beyond repair. The stream was coming through the suit between her legs now, splattering onto the hardwood floor, more pee running down her legs in the suit, soaking her socks and forming a puddle. Kairi desperately tried to work her zipper the rest of the way down, pee spurting in all directions as she squirmed to reach her zipper, the flow stopping and starting as her thighs contracted. She managed to push herself out of her suit at last, letting it fall to the floor and pool between her legs, where her pee continued to rain down on it through her white bikini panties. She was sobbing by now, utterly humiliated.

She had been peeing for over thirty seconds by now. Wattson hadn't moved, stunned into total silence by her squadmate's accident, the whimpering girl now stood only in her underwear, a stream of sizzling urine arcing cleanly through the fabric of her soaked panties and splashing on the floor in front of her, while smaller rivulets ran down the woman's toned legs. Having managed to remove her suit, Kairi tried to sit on the toilet for what it was worth. She tried turning around to sit down, but slipped in the growing puddle of her own urine. Her soaked suit was wrapped tightly around her legs and feet, so she couldn't regain her balance, falling to the floor with her knees spread, the suit keeping her ankles held together. She stayed there until the pee stopped coming, her stream arcing into the air less and less until it was only a dribble through her panties, which had been saturated so greatly that they were doing very little to protect her modesty.

Neither woman said anything. The silence was broken only by Kairi's sniffles and the sound of pee dripping onto the floor. She suddenly felt unbelievably exposed, and her arms began drifting towards her bra to cross over her chest. Wattson looked away immediately, breaking out of her trance. Kairi slowly stood, blushing furiously at the sound of her pee-soaked clothes squelching as they rustled. She tried to pull her flight suit back up but it was sopping wet with urine, so she let it fall to the floor with a splat. 

Now she was only in her underwear and socks, which were wet with pee. 'You can turn around,' she said quietly. Slowly, Wattson turned back, her eyes darting downwards for a moment before she forced herself to make eye contact with her friend. 'Can we just... drop out?' Kairi asked her. 'I wanna go home.' Wattson thought about making a joke about wanting to go "Ohm", but decided it wasn't the time. 'I think so. I can keep a secret, by the way,' she said instead. 'You fucking better. Please.' Came Kairi's shameful reply.

