Serena's school holding

Author: tumbin

*000*2017-03-07 15:34

Hi guys just posting another Pokemon story. It is gonna be different and more of trainers instead of Pokemon. I would be making more stories soon. And thank you guys again and I hope you enjoy.

Serena was walking home from school. After being a successful Pokemon performer, she wants to learn more so she studied at a school in Hoenn. During this particular day, Serena hasn't used the bathroom because she was late, again. And as a punishment she would be doing more work. But Serena was someone who doesn't wet themselves. She had a bladder of steel. But of course, everybody has a breaking point.

Serena hasn't felt the need to go since recess. A friend of her who is attracted to her so much has noticed Serena fidgeting all morning. He knows that she had to go but he is aware that here bladder is made of steel. Luckily he had an idea. He offered Serena a glass of orange juice, before giving it to her he placed dieuritic drugs that makes a person go. And after recess it was physical education. So he placed more drugs in her 1000ml water bottle and watch her need to go. Plus they were gym partners and the teacher was not allowing them to leave because they might try to cut classes.

Once recess was over, everyone headed to the gym wearing gym clothes. He was wearing ball shorts, a pair of Jordan's and white shirt. Serena was wearing mini shorts and a white uniform shirt. Now the waiting game begins.

Serena was fidgeting like before they had recess. But she keeps drinking from her bottle. So she will be filling up real soon. Around 20 minutes was left in class, she fidgeted even more. She starts bouncing up and down. But the teacher stopped her and made her do 16 jumping jacks. After doing most of it, Serena tried to ask if she can leave and use the bathroom. Just the teacher was about to say yes, the bell rang. And everyone headed up to their lockers to change. After changing everyone headed to class. Their lesson was not easy for Serena to concentrate on, water type moves. Their professor started with watergun. Serena's seatmate is enjoying the show. He watches her bounce up and down and move left to right. Then Serena paused and grabbed her crotch. It was clear that Serena had leak her panties. Because a stream just escaped and fell on her shoes.

An hour passed and Serena still hadn't gone to the bathroom. She was starting to pee pee dance in her seat. She couldn't concentrate on the lesson or she might piss herself. After classes was over, she grabbed her things and headed to the bathroom. One thing came up when she got to the entrance, a line. She would stay in line that eat and have to go more. She waited there for half an hour. Fidgeting and pee dancing in her place to stop any flow as possible. When she finally reached the stall door, the bell rang. As much as she hates it, she had to come up. She had to wait 3 hours until school ends to use the loo.

With 2 hours left, Serena felt herself leak again. Living a visible mark on her skirt. Once the bell rang, Serena rushed to relieve herself only to find that the janitor closed it early. That means she had to use her own restroom at her dorm. It was a 20 minute walk to her dorm from her school. Luke, serena's seatmate, decided to follow her. He wanted to see a girl have an accident with his own eyes. When Serena reached her dorm, she found out the door was locked. She remembered she left her keys in her locker.

Before Serena rushed back to her school a stream of pee escaped. Serena couldn't hold it in any longer. Another gush of pee escaped. Her skirt darkened quickly and her socks was soaked. She had completely wet herself. And Luke was there to see the whole thing. Serena had to go back to school in other to unlock her door. She was humiliated when her friends saw her wet skirt. This was something that made Serena want to return to kalos.

