(11) Harry's detention

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-24 14:49

Harry turned around and saw professor Snape standing in front of him.'Nothing, sir...' Harry answered quickly. 'I'm already late for class...I should go...'Harry wanted to leave but Snape grabbed him.'Not so fast, Potter! Do you really think you can just sneak into my office without getting caught?'Harry looked down.'I don't think so!' Snape answered his own question.'Follow me.'He opened the door of his office and pushed Potter inside.'Sit down.'Harry didn't say anything and sat down on the chair, Snape sat down behind the desk in front of him.'I give you one more chance.' He said then.'If you tell me what you were doing here, I'll leave it like this.'Harry looked down at his feet, then at Snape.'It was Draco...' Harry answered quietly.Snape raised his eyebrows.

'Mr. Malfoy? Can't imagine what he was doing here...''It's true sir. He was...crying...' Harry answered. He knew he shouldn't tell Snape about this but he wanted to help Draco. This was the only thing he could do.'Crying.' Snape answered.Harry looked at him.'Yes he was crying. Because of his father...I don't know exactly what had been going on but sure Draco was upset.'Harry didn't tell about Draco's father hitting him. He had to keep it safe.Snape looked at him and it took a while before he said anything.'Curious. I must say you have a great imagination, Potter. But it's a no from me. You can stay for detention after class.'Snape got up and wanted to walk away.Harry turned around in his chair and looked at him.Was he being serious? He just told him the truth!'But sir...I...''No sir, Potter. Detention!'Harry sighed. Great.

Harry was sitting in Snape's class next to Hermione and surprisingly Ron came to sit next to him.He wasn't feeling very comfortable around him since what happened with Malfoy earlier that week. Harry tried his best to pay attention but he kept thinking about Draco. He wasn't in class. He was probably laying in bed again, crying. Harry felt bad cause he felt like he caused this. He shouldn't have started talking about his mom. How could he know that she passed away?Thinking about this made him wonder how though...'You're going to work in pairs and make this potion.' He heard Snape say.

'Make sure it's decent and it's done before the end of class.' He continued. Then he started pairing the students and he looked at Harry.'Potter and Weasley. And lastly Hermione and Pansy. Good luck.'Hermione turned her eyes. She didn't like the Slytherin girl at all.Harry sat there, uncomfortable and looked at Ron. They hadn't talked since the incident at The Three Broomsticks.Ron looked in his book.'I guess we should start...' He looked at Harry.'Yeah...ill get the ingredients.' Harry said while getting up.

It was really awkward since they both didn't know how to act. Harry wanted to be nice to him again but he was still waiting for Ron's apologies... They were halfway into the Potion lesson and Harry and Ron were working together pretty well.Harry was cutting a unicorn hair when Ron suddenly started talking to him.'Did you hear anything about Malfoy lately?'Harry was surprised. He stopped cutting and looked at Ron.'I mean...he's been absent quite a lot.' Ron continued to make sure it didn't seem like he actually worried about him.

'He's not feeling that good.' Harry answered simply.'Oh. So he's sick?''Kinda.'Ron looked at him.'Since you're with him a quite a lot, next time you see him, tell him I'm sorry.'Harry looked at him confused.'About that you know..fight.' Ron answered.'Ohh. Yeah. I will.' Harry answered.Somehow he wasn't mad at Ron anymore. He kinda missed hanging out with him.Ron smiled at him.Suddenly Snape passed and looked at them.'Don't forget to have too much fun.' He said annoyed.Ron gave him an annoyed look and he smiled at Harry again.Harry smiled back kinda shy.He now noticed the pressure in his bladder. He needed to use the bathroom soon...Not the right moment. Definitely not since he still had detention after this class...

Harry tried his best to ignore his bladder's signals and concentrated on making the potion.When they were done, Snape came to check everyone's potion. It was 10 more minutes of class left. Harry sat down next to Ron and started squirming a little. He really had to go...Snape now walked up to Hermione and Pansy to take a look at their potion, which was because Hermione of course very good. Harry only got more nervous when Snape walked up to him and Ron.'Potter and Weasley.' He said while looking at them.

'Let me see your potion.' He took a look at the purple liquid and didn't say anything. Ron looked at Harry kinda scared. Harry didn't say anything and crossed his legs when he felt a wave of desperation hit him. Not now please...Not when Snape's standing right in front of me...'I must say this looks pretty good.' Snape said then, surprised by it. Ron smiled and looked at Harry who forced a smile just to please Ron. In fact he didn't feel like smiling at all, his bladder was filling pretty fast and he really began to worry.'Well done, boys.' He said before walking to the next table.Ron looked at Harry with big eyes.'Wow. Is he sick or something? How can he suddenly be this nice?'

'Maybe he's in a good mood.' Neville, who sat behind them joined the conversation.'Looks like it.' Ron said turning around at him.He was clearly happy. Harry wished he could be but his bladder was making it very hard for him. Ron kept talking to Neville and when he noticed that Harry wasn't participating he looked at him.'What's wrong, Harry. Why are you so quiet?'Harry looked down and tried his best not to squirm.'Nothing....''Maybe Malfoy made you sick as well.' Ron said then. 'You shouldn't kiss him anymore for now...' He started laughing at his own joke and Harry didn't think it was funny at all but he forced a smile.'Just kidding, Harry. Anyways, what's wrong?'Harry couldn't help it and moved his legs nervously.'I need to use the bathroom...' He whispered, embarrassed to admit it.

Ron looked at him.'It's only five more minutes before class is over so....'Harry looked down.'I wish.''Huh?' Ron didn't get it.'Snape gave me detention.' Harry answered sad.'Why? You didn't do anything wrong, did you?'Harry didn't want to tell about Malfoy who was crying in Snape's office so he had to find out something else...'I eh..forgot to make my homework.' He answered.'What homework? I didn't even know we had homework.' Ron answered giving him a confused look.Oh no...'No but eh...he gave me some extra work...since I'm not that good at potions...' Harry lied. He felt himself getting more and more nervous. He didn't like lying.'Ohhh now I get it.' Ron answered, totally not aware that Harry wasn't telling him the truth.Harry did his best to smile at him.

After five minutes all of the students got out of the classroom as fast as possible.'Good luck with your detention.' Ron said to Harry before he left.Harry looked at him.'Thank you.'It didn't take long before the classroom was completely empty. Except for Harry and Snape who had now closed the door and walked up to Harry. He sat down right in front of Potter's desk.'So...lets see what we can do for you...sadly the classroom has already been cleaned by house elves this morning so can't let you do that....' Snape looked around.Harry closed his eyes and tried to not think about how bad he needed to pee, by now but he just couldn't ignore it. There was so much pressure on his bladder, he really didn't know what to do...

Snape suddenly looked at him.'Open your eyes! What do you think you are doing? Sleeping during detention? Just as arrogant as your father!' Snape yelled while he got up.Harry felt himself getting angry.He couldn't help it.'My father wasn't arrogant. Neither am I.' He answered calm.Snape raised his eyebrows.'Well well well. Not shy either, aren't we Potter?'Harry didn't say anything. He felt how he started peeing a little. Oh no please...'Maybe you can...'Harry knew he was about to have an accident if he didn't hurry now.He crossed his legs tightly and squirmed nervously in his seat.'Eh sir...''Don't interrupt me, Potter!' His teacher yelled.'But sir...I need to...'

Just at that moment someone knocked on the door.Snape gave Harry an angry look and then looked at the door and said: 'Come in.'The door opened and Harry turned around to see who it was. A tall man with long white hair came in.'Lucius.' Snape said then while getting up. 'Good to see you. Didn't expect you this early.'Lucius just smiled at him. Then he looked at Harry. He looked at him like he was something really disgusting. It only made Harry more mad. Not to talk about how bad he needed to pee. It really hurt.'So...you're not alone I see. Mr. Potter is your company for this evening?'Harry tried his best to sit still, which was really difficult since his bladder was about to explode.'Actually Mr. Potter had detention.' Snape said then.'Ohh. How sad.' Lucius said sarcastically while giving Harry another look of disgust.'He definitely needs to be punished for what he did to my son.' He continued. 'But maybe not now, Severus? You know, I have a lot to tell you.'

Snape looked at Lucius, then at Harry.'Right. Potter, it's good for now. You can leave since I have other things to do right now. More important things...but eh don't forget: you will get your punishment...later.'Harry didn't believe it. They just let him go?Thank God! Even though he was mad for what Lucius just said but he was just happy that he could leave. 'Come on, get out!' Lucius said then when Harry didn't get up immediately.'Yes...eh sorry...' Harry got up and hurried out of the classroom. He had to run to the bathroom cause he seriously was about to wet himself. Luckily he got there in time and got into the closest stall to relieve himself.It felt so good....Harry washed his hands afterwards and looked in the mirror. He felt good that he could leave but at the same time he was very worried about Draco. Maybe he could go to his room now Snape was busy with Draco's father?.... 

