Tales of Wet Horror: Chapter 1: Don't Go into the Englund house

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-07-08 20:45

Okay the prologue wasn't really scary or anything, but this part it's started. So if you're easily scared or whatever...keep reading.

Tales of Wet Horror

Don't go into the Englund Home

It was around 3 weeks ago, me and a few others were messing around outside the old Englund house and-

“The old haunted one?” Kim interrupted

“No..the toy store. Of course the haunted house. Now stop interrupting.” Robin replied, much to her annoyance.

We were all stood outside the creepy ass house, staring up at it. It was one of the old wooden houses we see in movies, the one with the small porch out front and the wire mesh door. You know the kind I'm talking about. I stepped out to the front door and looked left and right before entering. On my left there was a hanging wooden couch and on my right was some pots with dead plants inside. Everything looked dead....it's hard to believe this place hasn't been flattened and turned into a shopping mall. I pushed the door open and walked into the hallway.

The first thing I saw upon entry was a large wooden staircase that looked like it could collapse any second. I wondered how far I had to go in, to find this legendary post of names. It was tradition to go in and write your name upon the pole. Not many people got there, but those who did, often said it was a big lie and nothing would happened. Those who didn't get there would run out screaming about the horrors of which they saw.

Becky was watching the house with interest. “How do you think she's doing?” She asked Sarah.

“She'll be fine. Everybody is just paranoid about that place. There's nothing even scary about it.”

Sarah replied into a monotone voice.

“I give her five minutes either way.” Becky said.

“I give her ten.” Sarah replied, grabbing some drinks out of the bag she brought with her. “Want one?

Becky accepted the drink and began sipping on it.

I pushed open a door to the right of the stairs and began to walk through, what was formally a living room. I looked around and saw a recliner chair, slightly reclined and a television which was...still on. I moved in closer to investigate and found not only was it plugged in but it also had a modern sky box plugged in. But the house was abandoned in the 70's...I stood and walked away from it. I was gonna find this pole and get out of there quickly. I stepped to the north of the room and opened a door to what was a kitchen. I looked on the counter and saw something wrapped in a plastic bag. It had flies surrounding it and smelled of rotten meat. I wanted to leave the room and find this god damn pole but, curiosity got the better of me and they say curiosity killed the cat...it almost got me killed.

I couldn't take my eyes of the bag as I moved closer to the counter. Dread gripped my heart more and more, squeezing and oozing fear from it. I had ignored it to this part but I felt it in my bladder as I got more nervous, it was telling me I need to pee, like you do when you're hiding from someone. I was now at the counter. I looked down and tried to peak into the bag. It was too dark, I couldn't see inside it. I put my hands on the edges of the bag as I prepared to pick it up and move it into the light, the smell forcing it's way into my nostrils, causing my nose to twitch. Throughout this I'd never looked behind me, so I failed to see the 6”6 giant in the hood, stood behind me, until he slammed my head off the counter.

Big guy found dis girl wanderin' around our home. He got her on deh back of her noggin' an' slammed her head off the side, was a great watch! Haha! So we decided we gonna bring her up the stairs an' make her dinner. Well make dinner outta 'er. Haha. On the way up, the stairs startin' creakin' again. Had to tell the big guy to watch where he were standin'. He's good but kinda stoopid.

“Ahahahaa!” She laughed. Completely oblivious to what was going on inside to her friend and unaware to what the men inside were planning to do to her after. She sat there drinking with Sarah. Waiting for their friend to return. If she ever did.

I woke up tied to a chair with...oh god what was that. It was cold, wet and slimy. I tried to move only to feel a wincing pain in my bladder. I looked around and found I was backed up at a wall, with a window to either side of me. It seemed it was an upstairs room and I heard peoples voice nearby. I scooted the chair forward a little and felt an intense pain on my back. I turned my head to the side as far as it would go and saw it. I had a hook sticking out of my shoulder! It was digging into the meat of my shoulder. I started weeping when I realised I couldn't move.

Me an' da big guy were workin' wid my old man to prepare dinner for deh next couple 'a' days. He'd picked up some girl stoopid 'nuf to wander into our home. She wuz probably part of dem kids who always try 'nd write dere names all over our walls! Hate 'em but dey feed us so, can't complain too much. We were preparin' deh greens and suddenly me and da' big guy hear dis sobbin', bitch musta woken up. “gimmie a sec guys. I'll go deal with 'er”

I suddenly hear footsteps and look up. I saw this short guy in dungarees, they had...oh god was that blood? That was blood. I felt my bladder squeeze again and I bent over. Trying to contain the liquids threatening to burst out of my bladder and ruin this skirt and my underwear. Why am I even thinking about my bladder when I'm in this situation? The short guy got closer and I got a look at his face, he had stubble and his hair looked like it had never been cut. It was all over the place and he obviously didn't floss his teeth.

“'ello. You made dah mistake of comin' into dis house. So. We gonna let you go if you promise to not tell anyone 'bout us, got it?” He said with a toothless grin.

“Yes! I swear to god I'll tell no one, Just let me go!” I screamed. Sobbing. My bladder was throbbing so much, I swear if someone put their hand there they could feel it, but I just didn't care. I just wanted to get the hell out of that house!

“Good. Now, one more thing we gotta do” He said. He took out a coin. “Now dis is my grandfaders lucky coin. Dis thing survives a couplea wars an' was with him up to the day he died. God rest his soul.” He quickly made a cross on his chest. “Now. If it's heads, then we gonna let you leave. If it's tales, then you gotta stay and you gonna be here for dinner. Hehehe.”

“But you said-”

“Yeah, well I ain't tyed to a chair. So shut up and lemme talk, bitch!” He suddenly said with such angry eyes. I don't know who scared me more, him or the guy who attacked me.

“Now den. Let's do it.” He gripped the coin and got prepared to flip it, balancing it on his finger. He suddenly flipped the coin into the air and caught it with his other hand, he started performing tricks with the coin, rolling it along his knuckles, throwing it in the air, catching it in his mouth and spitting it back out. He was playing with my fate. He suddenly caught it on the back of his hand and took a peep under.

“OOOOH! Girlie.” He said with a grin. “Guess what?” He stood and got in close to my ear.

“It's tales.”

I saw him reach back and grip an old fashioned razor. My heart was beating so fast I thought it was going to wretch itself free and burst from my chest. “Please don't. Just let me go, I'll tell no one!” I suddenly felt my bladder let go. It started off with a long spurt, spraying into my panties and dripped back under my ass. I let out a small yelp as another spurt shot out, further wetting my panties. The second spurt started a stream as it sprayed through my panties and began forming a puddle around my ass and onto my denim skirt. This crazy man must of heard it because he suddenly stepped back and began to watch. This could be the chance I needed. I braced my stealth as I started rub my hands together trying to push these slimy bonds from my wrists.

Urine continued to spray out of my red panties, it's now falling off the edge of the chair like a waterfall and he can't take his eyes off it. I suddenly feel one of my hands get free. Okay good. I just have to keep forcing pee out. I look to the window and see he's left his razor there. I need to make my move. I force out a little more urine before grabbing the razor and throwing myself forward, I feel to the hook rip out of my shoulder and it hurts so badly. An intense pain as I feel blood dripping down my shoulder. I quickly slash at the man and feel it connect. He screams and his hand grabs his eye. I must have gotten him there. I take another swipe and get him on his wrist, severing his wrist causing blood to spray out. He falls to the ground wailing in pain and I hear heavy foot steps. It must be the big guy! I reach down and wince in pain as I feel the chunk of flesh missing in my shoulder. I slice the bonds at my ankles.

I sprint out of the room and down the stairs. I quickly jump down 4 steps at a time and sprint out of the door. Despite big a massive muscle bound man, he's incredibly fast and he's carrying a large axe or something. He starts running down the stairs and suddenly. I hear this crack and hear the steps collapsing! He's fallen through them. I'm home free! The big guy was tall enough that he could pretty much jump out of the stairs but instead he just kicked through them. I ran out screaming.

Sarah and Becky were still sat in the field, laughing and drinking.

“Oh god. I've gotta take a massive piss.” Becky stood and began to walk nearer to the woods. “I'll be right-”

“Run! Fucking run!” The two saw Robin running towards them, being chases by the massive muscle bound man. The two decided to take her advice and sprinted away from the house. The big guy was so fast! Her sped after them holding this massive axe! He was so close to Becky, she just couldn't help it. A large patch started appearing on the inside of her right leg and dripped down into her shoe. She knew that both her neon green panties and her favourite jeans would be ruined but she had more pressing matters at the second. Like the axe wielding giant running behind her. She suddenly heard a large thud and took a glance behind her. The big guy had slipped and was lying in the dirt. He stood and a terrifying roar burst from his lungs, it could probably heard from miles away.

I slowed down when we reached the other side of the woods.

“Oh god.....” I fell to the ground, gripping my shoulder.

“What the fuck just happened!?!” Sarah ran up behind me and saw my shoulder. “Oh my god, your shoulder...”

Becky sped up behind her. I saw her pants were soaked “What the fu-Oh my god your shoulder...”

“I have just had the weirdest night of my...” I felt my pants leg. It dawned on me. My pants were lighter. I was missing something. “oh god....”

“You both pissed yourselves by the way.” Sarah said. “Oh god? Oh god what?”

“They have my wallet.” I said. “My address is in my wallet!”

She flopped to the ground before Becky joined her. They both sat, scared with wet pants.

“The end.” Robin said.

“That...wasn't what I expected” Cassie said. Slightly shocked. “Did you ever tell the police?”

“Yeah they went there. House was empty.” Robin replied.

“That was pretty damn scary” Liz whimpered, Jessica nodded in agreement.

“Okay. Who's next?” Robin asked.

“That would be me.” Cassie raised her hand. “Mine took place-

“Wait!” Kim yelled out.

The other looked at her. “What?”

“How did you know about the parts you weren't there for?” Kim asked, a glare on her face, directed at Robin.

“I have the scar to prove it before you even start doubting me.” She quickly showed the scar.

“Okay. My turn. It started when I went to the carnival last month. Remember the real dirty one that comes through once a year?” The other nodded. “Well. It started lie this....

To be continued....

I hope you guys don't mind me posting two parts in one day. I'm in the writing mood. Chapter 2 will probably be out tommorow depending on the amount of time I have or by the end of the week.

