A Romantic Getaway

Author: Tom Hayfield

*000*2022-03-01 14:09

'We're finally here'.

Sarah breathed a sigh of relief, though that ironically caused her some discomfort; as she rubbed her overfilled bladder. Carefully sliding out of the car, she began to squirm subtly on the spot, her legs rubbing together, as she impatiently tapped her foot. Forty-three, with gold-brown hair and the hips of a woman ten years younger, she was rocking middle age with the kind of confidence that most people can only dream of. Her wife; Milly, watched her lovingly as they made their way towards the cabin. Forty-one, with dark red hair, bright green eyes and long legs, she was also avoiding the cliches of a mid-life crisis well. If anything, her enthusiasm remained as passionate as it had been Twenty years ago, when they first met. She still loved her wife's beautiful smile, the way she read books until falling asleep; leaving her to put them away, and right now, she loved their shared kink most of all.

'I wasn't sure I was going to make it all the way' admitted Sarah, squirming desperately as Milly smirked.

'Honestly Sarah, you need to learn to act your age. Getting so close to an accident at your age' teased Milly, as she slowly unlocked the door.

'I can go to the toilet then if you'd prefer'.

'Well, I didn't say that'.

Sarah smiled, moaning slightly from the pressure in her bladder but kissing her wife's neck; as she returned the favour, as they brought their luggage into the cabin living room. It was a beautiful space, with handcrafted wooden furniture, candles, soft furry pillows, warm blankets and wine; in a cooler on the nearby table. The two women ignored all of that, as Milly sat down onto a leather armchair and pulled her wife onto her lap, before the two began to kiss passionately. Milly's hands roamed freely over Sarah's body, sliding over her breasts and squeezing them through her tight white blouse. Sarah whimpered in delight, as she continued to squirm on Milly's lap; growing more and more desperate for the toilet, until she was practically bouncing.

'Sweetheart, I need to go' said Sarah urgently.

'How bad?'.

'Real bad. I feel like I could have an accident at any second'.

'That's very naughty' purred Milly, kissing her wife's neck and choosing that moment to spank Sarah's bum. The force sent a wave of pleasure through Sarah's body but also a stab of pain, as her bladder briefly lost control and she felt warm pee begin to soak into her purple knickers. Sarah gasped, cutting off the stream but the damage was already done. A wet spot had appeared on her jeans; the size of a golf ball, which Milly saw and smiled naughtily, as Sarah felt a blush come to her cheek.

'I can't hold on any longer' whined Sarah. 'I need to go'.

'Yeah?'.

'Yes baby, I need to go. I need the toilet' begged Sarah.

As if to emphasise this point, her overtaxed bladder leaked once more; expanding the golf ball size spot on her jeans to the size of a fist. Sarah's legs were practically vibrating now and Milly felt her breasts had gone hard with pleasure, a damp wetness of her own soaking into her green underwear for a very different reason. Sarah let out a series of short moans, as Milly kissed her right ear, before whispering the words she'd been desperately hoping to hear for hours.

'You can let go now love. Let it all out'.

Sarah didn't need to be told twice. Moaning with pleasure, pain and relief, Sarah willing released what control she had left and began to completely wet herself. Her underwear were soaked within seconds and a dark, shiny wet patch began to expand down her jeans; soaking her clothes and into her wife's, as Sarah's accident drenched Milly. Incredibly turned on, Milly began to repeatedly spank Sarah as she wet herself, telling her how naughty she was; which only increased Sarah's pleasure, until halfway through her accident, Milly watched with delight as her wife's eyes dilated, her body shook and she let out a sharp gasp that were all the surest signs of an intense orgasm. Holding Sarah close as her climax rode out the accident; the pee soaking her throbbing clit in a way that only extended her orgasm, Milly gently played with her breasts and kissed her neck, telling her how happy this made her.

'I love you baby. This is so hot. Thank you my love. I want you to let it all out for me'.

Milly's encouragement sustained Sarah's orgasm for far longer than she was used to, though eventually, it began to subside. Once it did and she was firmly bathing in the afterglow, Sarah looked shyly into her wife's eyes; blushing, as Milly kissed her lovingly on the lips.

'That was amazing' said Milly honestly. 'You're amazing'.

'I really needed that' admitted Sarah, as they both laughed.

'Clearly! We're soaked!'.

It was an accurate statement. Sarah's blue jeans were now a far darker shade, her ass and legs dripping with pee and there was a substantial puddle around the leather armchair. Meanwhile, Milly's legs were covered in her wife's pee, the bottom of her white dress soaked; as well as her green underwear, where Sarah now looked towards hungrily.

'That was so wonderful. Let me return the favour'.

Within minutes, Milly was screaming to the high heavens; her wife's tongue expertly rolling her pee-soaked clit, before two of her magical fingers sent into a spinning ecstasy that caused her to squirt from the pleasure. After they had both calmed down, the two lay together on the nearby sofa; Milly's head resting on Sarah's chest, gently below her large breasts. Sarah was stroking her hair and the two were enjoying this quiet moment together. Eventually, after several minutes, Milly giggled.

'We're going to have to clean up that chair soon'.

Sarah shrugged.

'Eh, just leave it. We can deal with it later'.

Milly looked towards her in disbelief.

'Did you just tell me not to immediately do something practical? Who are you and what have you done with Sarah?'.

'Touche. You were right though, I really needed this holiday... there's no-one I'd rather be here with. I love you'.

'I love you too'.

After several more minutes lazing about, Milly finally groaned and sat up.

'Come on, let's get cleaned up. This is going to be the best holiday we've ever had'.

Sarah smiled, as Milly stripped off her clothes; revealing a gorgeously toned body, before she sauntered to the showers, sexily shaking her bum in her wife's direction as she went. Following after her, the two began to clean up in the showers; alongside other activities, as giggles, moans and screams of pleasure rang through the cabin walls.

Their romantic getaway had begun.

*001*2022-03-01 18:50

PART II: A Desperately Needed Holiday

After cleaning up, Sarah and Milly took some time to look around the cabin. There was an upstairs bedroom with an enormous queen-sized bed and enough pillows and blankets that Sarah wondered if Milly might finally leave some for her when they slept.

'Don't count on it!' teased Milly.

Their bathroom had an enormous shower, tiled floors, a separate bathtub; big enough for two, and a comfortable toilet with a heated seat.

'I wonder how often we'll be using that' remarked Sarah, as Milly smirked.

Opening the wine in the living room, the two made their way through a lovely kitchen with a wood-burning stove and out onto the front porch. Their garden had lovingly maintained rose bushes, as well as a large open space of grass for picnics. A small but comfortable bench; big enough for four, had been provided for that exact purpose. The woman who was leasing them the property said that she would visit twice a week, between 12:00-1:00PM, to maintain the garden, on Wednesday and Saturday. Otherwise, they would have total privacy for the next eight days of their holiday.

Sipping wine together in a hanging bench on the porch, Sarah's head was rested on Milly's shoulder; who smiled affectionately towards her.

'You're relaxing a lot better than I thought you would' admitted Milly, stroking her wife's hair, as she sipped her wine with the other hand.

'I really needed this. More than I was willing to say'.

Milly smiled, kissing her.

'I know'.

TWO WEEKS EARLIER...

'Fucking unbelievable' cursed Sarah, her legs snaked around each other; slowly making her way up the stairs. She couldn't believe her luck, with their building's elevator being out-of-order. 'Why today of all days!'.

Sarah was utterly bursting for the toilet, her tight black pinstripe trousers were agonising on her body and her dark blazer and tight white blouse didn't make mobility any easier. For those who had looked closely, they would have seen a few drops of pee already staining her flat grey plimsols or a single line of wetness which ran down the back of her clothing. Her bum was shaking on the staircase and every few seconds, she'd have to stop and hold herself between her legs with both hands; trying to fight back the flood within her. Alone with Milly, she might have enjoyed being this desperate but after the day she'd had; as well as still being four floors away from their apartment and at risk of wetting herself in front of neighbours, there was no pleasure in her desperate state.

Sarah worked for one of the biggest corporations in the world: SOLARIS INC. The dominant name in renewable energy, her division oversaw logistics and in Sarah's mind, her boss Amelia was an incompetent cow. She had kept all of them in a meeting that should have taken 45 minutes for over 3 hours, refusing to grant breaks; even for the young interns. More than a few of her colleagues had sprinted to the toilets afterwards, one of the youngest had clearly already lost some control; her legs glistening as she ran. Sarah was known as a stern, no-nonsense type at work and didn't want to be seen desperately dancing in a cue of ladies, so she had made her way to her car and drove home; her desperation skyrocketing with every traffic light, pothole and speed restriction she encountered.

Now, she was on the verge of a complete accident and her whole body was shaking as she took another step forward, reaching the next floor. The progress would good, though the leak that spurted into her grey knickers; further soaking them, was far less welcome.

'Fuck...' she whispered desperately.

Meanwhile, Milly was sat at home; curled up in a comfy lounger. She was reading 'Great Expectations' and was listening to relaxing piano music via her headphones, blocking out all sounds from the outside world; including her wife's desperate knocking on the door. Milly's schedule was a lot less intense than Sarah's, working as a freelance author. Today; having hit writer's block early in the morning, Milly had spent the day reading and relaxing, sipping a cup of hot cocoa. A slight twinge in her bladder reminded her that she hadn't been to the bathroom in a while. Maybe she out to-

- The front door burst open; startling Milly, who immediately saw her wife, bursting to pee and clearly in the beginning stages of a fullblown accident. One hand was shoved inbetween her legs, yet she could see a wet patch beneath Sarah's fingers and it was starting to grow.

'Milly, help me' cried Sarah, her bladder burning and completely unable to take another step. She needed to get these trousers off now, they were hurting so much and she knew she only had seconds before she lost it completely.

'Oh sweetheart, I'm here!'.

Milly rushed over, quickly moving to undo the belt of Sarah's trousers; even as her wife continued to slowly wet herself in front of her. It took several seconds and in that time, the crotch of Sarah's trousers became utterly soaked and pee was clearly running over her shoes in short bursts but Milly was resolved to help her. She could see it in Sarah's eyes, this wasn't something she wanted to happen and it was a point of pride for her to not lose control of herself outside of their fun and games. Even so, as Milly managed to yank down her wife's trousers; who quickly stepped out of them, Sarah's bladder control completely gave way. Three steps from her soaked trousers, Sarah froze up as her body began to vibrate with desperation.

'Come on sweetheart, you can make it' said Milly encouragingly.

As if to spite both of them, almost immediately after saying that, Sarah lost all control. She began to moan in relief and frustration as pee flooded through her grey panties, soaking them almost instantly and running down her legs in a dozen golden streams. Milly watched sympathetically as her wife completely wet herself, immediately standing by her side and rubbing her shoulders supportively.

'Its okay my love, just let it out'.

A puddle quickly formed and began to soak into the white carpet of their living room floor, as Sarah blushed bright red; angry and upset that she was losing control. Half-a-dozen snide comments from her male colleagues about 'Women and their bladders' rung in her ears, as her self-confidence poured out of her with her pee, as she gritted her teeth and whined as the piss continued to run down her legs and soaked up and around her bum. Eventually, after almost a full minute, her bladder was completely empty, though Sarah's legs continued to gently tremble.

'Fuck!' screamed Sarah, slapping the nearby wall angrily, as tears came to her eyes.

Immediately, Milly pulled her in for a hug; as Sarah squirmed against it.

'I'm all wet'.

'I don't care.

Several minutes later, Sarah and Milly were sitting on their sofa together. Milly was rubbing Sarah's shoulders to de-stress her, while Sarah vented about work.

'The stupid tart wouldn't let us out for hours and I couldn't use the bathrooms at work, there were too many people... I thought I could make it back. I feel like such a baby' groaned Sarah, looking down again at her sodden grey knickers; which she had not yet taken off.

'She must have been bad if you're calling her a tart' joked Milly, as Sarah huffed in mock annoyance.

Even so, they both chuckled and Sarah felt her shoulders began to relax under Milly's gentle touch.

'I'm sorry I didn't hear you at the door. If I had-' began Milly but Sarah cut her off.

'-Don't be. I probably just would have wet myself in front of the toilet. I overestimated myself. That's all there is too it'.

'I don't think you could ever overestimate yourself' said Milly, kissing Sarah's cheek; who smiled warmly.

'What did I ever do to deserve you?'.

'You do more than enough. You're just tired and overworked, that's all. I've seen you hold for far longer than this before, sometimes even by choice' said Milly in a sultry tone, that made Sarah feel a warmth run down her core. 'You're just burned out'.

'Yeah, maybe you're right'.

Milly had already been considering planning a vacation for the two of them and after seeing her wife lose control today; after far less than time than normal, Milly realised how badly she needed it. A few ideas began to form in her mind, however her thoughts became distracted, as she slipped her hand along Sarah's thigh.

'I know you didn't mean to do it... but you look so sexy in those wet, grey panties' moaned Milly, as her fingers drew closer to them.

Sarah smiled, knowing what her wife wanted; though she was still embarrassed.

'Losing control like that... I felt like a bloody schoolgirl. I should have known bett...' Sarah's voice tailed off as Milly's fingers slide inside her wet underwear.

'Well, I'll just have to try and make you feel better'.

Sarah moaned as Milly's fingers slide inside her pussy; which already lubricated by Sarah's pee, gave Milly's fingers easy access. Milly kissed her wife's neck as her fingers slid deeper inside her, causing Sarah to moan loudly.

'I love it when you have genuine accidents. When I watched you lose control, I just wanted to take you right there and then'.

Sarah moaned again as Milly's fingers brushed a sweet spot and she felt her arousal flare.

'Why didn't you?' she asked naughtily, as Milly grinned naughtily, curling her fingers around another sweet spot as Sarah fought hard not to scream.

'I will next time'.

PRESENT DAY...

'Thank you for bringing us here my love' said Sarah, kissing her wife's cheek.

'You're welcome. We're going to spend this time relaxing, so I made sure your work phone is back at the house. No stress, no deadlines. Just relaxing. Got it?'.

Sarah laughed.

'Yes m'am'.

Holding each other close as the sun began to set, Sarah looked out at the beautiful view before them. At the garden's edge was a beautiful mountain view; overlooking the town below, which was beginning to light up as darkness descended. Here, they would have all the privacy in the world and Sarah was glad for it. She'd been ecstatic when Milly managed to organise a holiday for them on such short notice and she had planned a few surprises of her own as a thank you.

Sarah couldn't wait to see her reaction.

(This is an ongoing series. If you're interested in commissioning me to write something for you, just drop me a message)

*002*2022-03-03 14:35

Part III: Milly's Marvellous Morning

The next morning; around 8:30AM, light slowly filtered in through small cracks in their cabin bedroom curtains; sunlight slowly disturbing Milly. After a few minutes, her eyes fluttered open and she groaned in annoyance.

'Turn off the sun, I wanna sleep' she mumbled into her pillow, as Sarah awoke, smiling at her words.

'Good morning to you too'.

'I don't want to get up' whined Milly, nuzzling her wife's shoulder. 'Its too warm and cozy here'.

'Then don't' said Sarah, kissing her cheek and pulling her in close. 'We can have a quiet day in'.

Milly looked at Sarah incredulously.

'I'm still not convinced you're the Sarah I married. You're always an early riser'.

'Maybe you'd like to examine me, make sure I'm the real one' said Sarah cheekily, slipping her large breasts out of her purple nightgown; as Milly purred with pleasure.

'In a few... minutes... more sleep first'.

Sarah laughed and hugged Milly, as they continued to lay together; comfortably letting the minutes pass in each other's arms. Slowly however, Milly began to fidget. It was subtle at first, her legs re-positioning every now and then under the blankets. Soon however, she was actively squirming and Sarah looked at her wife knowingly.

'Milly, you need the toilet don't you?'.

'Uhh, yes but I don't want to get up. Just let me stay here for a few more minutes'.

'Oh no, I'm not having you wriggling about and disturbing me' teased Sarah.

'Come on, please!' begged Milly. 'I promise, I won't wriggle as much. I'm just so comfy, I don't want to have to get up just to go the bathroom'.

'I didn't say you had to'.

Milly's eyes shot up and looked at her wife's smirking face.

'You mean... I can-'.

'-If you want to'.

A blush rose to Milly's cheeks, as did a huge grin.

'But, you don't like bedwetting. The cleaning's a hassle and-'.

'-No' agreed Sarah. 'I normally don't. But I like you and this is our holiday'.

Milly's heart began to race as Sarah's hand slipped over her bulging bladder, contained beneath a thin pink nightgown.

'You've organised this whole holiday for us... you deserve this'.

With that, Sarah pressed down on Milly's bladder; causing her wife to let out a loud moan. Still half-asleep, her muscles weren't ready for this additional pressure and Milly felt an enormous leak spray out of her for three seconds. Her pink nightgown instantly felt soaked at the bottom and she could feel pee running across her bum and start to form a small puddle at her thighs. Sarah threw off the blankets to reveal her wife's mini accident and let out an affectionate moan, as she slid one of Milly's breasts from her nightgown and began to kiss it gently.

'You've loved wetting the bed since you were a little girl, haven't you?' asked Sarah.

Milly felt herself go lightheaded with arousal, biting her lip, as another leak sprayed out.

'Yes'.

'If I told you to get up now, do you think you could make it to the toilet?'.

'No'.

Sarah smiled, as Milly squirmed desperately on their bed; streaks of pee running down the sheets. She wanted so badly to let the rest out but waiting for permission; or for her body to completely lose control, was even more tantalising.

'Please... let me do it'.

'What do you want to do?'.

Milly's whole face turned a deep shade of red. Bedwetting was one of her greatest fantasies and one that; even for them, they rarely engaged in, so this was special. Moreover, Sarah knew that Milly was shy with describing her deepest fantasies; just as she could be, yet that only made it more fun to force her to ask for exactly what she wanted.

'I want to wet' said Milly, as another leak burst from her; running down her right leg.

'Wet... what?'.

'I want to wet myself. I want to wet the bed'.

'Like you did when you were a little girl?'.

Milly's whole body was vibrating with pleasure.

'Yes, I want to wet myself like a little girl. I can't hold it babe. I'm so desperate. I want to wet myself. I want to wet the bed'.

Sarah smiled and leaned in close to Milly, her lips stopping inches from her ear; her wife's hot breath on her neck raising Milly's arousal tenfold.

'Then let go my love. Wet yourself'.

Milly practically screamed at those words, nearly having an orgasm from that alone and as she lost control, the full impact hit her. Her whole body began to shake, her hips raising in pleasure as Milly's pee poured from her, soaking her nightgown, the sheets and running over the edge of the bed and down to her feet. Sarah watched with delight as her wife had a full-blown accident and was thrilled to see that it still made Milly as excited as ever. Her wife was screaming with pleasure, loud enough that they would have probably got a noise complaint if they'd done this back home; even in their soundproof bedroom.

Milly's throbbing clit sent waves of pleasure through her thrashing body and Milly continued to wet herself intensely, while her hands desperately rubbed her tits, heightening the pleasure further. Her entire body was as sensitive as she had ever felt it and her bed-hair now became wildly tangled in sweat; spilling over her face, yet she hardly noticed. Her accident was large enough that Sarah's own legs and purple nightgown were getting drenched too, yet she didn't care and instead, slipping her hand over Milly's still peeing pussy; sliding her fingers inside.

Milly's next scream of pleasure was so loud, Sarah giggled at the absurd volume of it; somewhere between a porn scream and a murder victim's dying gasp. Milly's orgasm seemed to begin anew as her wife's fingers played with her soaking wet pussy and she began to scream a series of obscenities, promising Sarah payback that made her breasts harden with anticipation. Eventually though, Milly's accident began to subside and Sarah; careful not to overstimulate her body, slowly eased her touches, before withdrawing her fingers from inside her wife. After that, she held Milly close for several minutes, her wife saying nothing but breathing heavily, her whole body vibrating with pleasure and occasionally shaking from the afterglow. Once she had regained basic cognitive abilities, she looked towards Sarah with a gentle smile:

'I love you so fucking much'.

'I love you too'.

'You really know how to start the day well, don't you?' said Milly, as Sarah shrugged smugly.

'I try'.

Milly smiled and looked towards her wife, considering how she could return the favour. A few naughty ideas began to form in her mind; some from plans she already had. As if sensing her lustful deviousness, Sarah slipped a hand down to her own pussy; beginning to play with herself, but Milly stopped her.

'What, are you the only one who gets to have fun?' pouted Sarah, clearly pent up; wanting relief after seeing her wife's mesmerising pleasure.

Milly smirked and gave her wife a passionate kiss, grinding her for half-a-minute in her soaking wet nightgown as she massaged Sarah's boobs; eliciting a series of whimpers from her. However, just as things were beginning to heat up, Milly stopped again.

'When you cum, I want it to be as intense for you as I just felt. So, I want you to do everything I tell you today. No disagreements, no disobeying and no bathroom breaks without my permission'.

Lust flashed behind Sarah's eyes and Milly grinned, knowing her wife was willing to play her game.

This was going to be a fun day.

(This is an ongoing series. If you're interested in commissioning me to write something for you, just drop me a message)

*004*2022-03-03 15:42

{{27 minutes ago, Jessie Jammis said:

What a Beautiful, Warm and Wet Story!

Thank you very much for sharing ...

}}

Thank you Jessie! You're very welcome

