After-camp Camping Weekend

Author: TopCat31

*000*2024-02-08 18:35

Emma and Grace each crawled into their sleeping bags. They had spent the previous week as leaders at a kids camp, both were really glad to get some time to themselves.

They knew the week was going to be tough and planned a few days in a glamping pod afterwards to relax and just have time to themselves.

It didn't take long before they were both asleep, their weary, aching minds and bodies glad of the rest. Unfortunately, it also wasn't long before they were both awake. Emma was lying awake silently resting. Grace was wide awake and needed to pee but stayed still and silent.

Emma was lying on her side curled up in a fetal position, one hand under her chin in a fist. Moving slowly Emma straightened her wrist, uncurled her fingers and slipped her thumb into her mouth. Gently closing her eyes and slowly taking a big breath through her nose. She was very careful to move slowly so Grace wouldn't know she was awake.

Grace was lying on her back enveloped in her sleeping bag. Her bladder was full and keeping her awake but she really didn't want to move. Carefully she looked over at Emma, seeing she was curled up facing away from her and fast asleep. Grace felt mischievous and the thought of peeing in her sleeping bag wouldn't budge.

Being very careful not to wake Emma or even show any indications she was awake in case Emma suddenly woke up, Grace shifted weight off her bum and onto her back and ankles. Once she was in position Grace glanced over at Emma and listened hard, no movement and the only noise was her heartbeat in her ears.

Gently closing her eyes and forcing her muscles to relax, instantly Grace felt a warm wet spreading between her legs. Sucking her lips in relishing the feeling of relief and trying to keep silent, she steadied the flow. Her pj shorts did an ok job at absorbing the pee but there was alot more to come.

As Grace let out a steady flow it felt as if a single drop was running down her bum, gliding between her cheeks until it hit the waistband of her shorts, where the warmth spread out across her bum. The feeling was too much and Grace let out a few gasps feeling her bladder empty and the warm, wet spread around her.

Once Grace was empty, and rather exhausted, she lowered herself back onto her bottom, closed her eyes and was not long before she was fast asleep.

To be continued, sorry to cut it short

*002*2024-03-03 18:02

Part 2

Emma slowly hooked her index finger over her nose as she gently sucked her thumb, all the while with her eyes closed. She was relaxed feeling very much at peace.

Her ears almost pricked up and open as she heard a gentle hissing from behind her. Her mind began racing as she realised that it was Grace wetting the bed.

As they were both exhausted Emma decided to let Grace sleep and help her clean up in the morning, so lay there listening to the gentle hissing.

Emma's mind was filled with images of Grace's shorts turning wet and pee flowing from between her legs, getting Emma quite excited. Suddenly she heard Grace let out soft gasps, realising Grace was awake and peeing deliberately.

Not wanting to embarrass Grace, Emma kept silent and still. Her excitement and exhaustion battled inside Emma until her mind gave way and she slipped off into a deep peaceful sleep.

*005*2024-03-19 00:37

Part 3 Awakening

Wearily Grace opened her eyes, the pod was dimly lit but was clearly daytime outside, the overriding feeling for her though was her clammy skin. Rolling her head into her sleeping bag the smell of pee hot her as she remembered that night, triggering a surge of adrenaline.

This energy caused her to shuffle slightly as she better took in the pod, it was dark when they arrived and they crawled straight into their sleeping bags. Reaching for her phone Grace checked the time, reading 10:06, she pulled her arm back in and settled down, though rather uncomfortable.

The movements caused Emma to stir, still sucking her thumb she asked "Ace, you awake?" A hum came in reply. Removing her thumb with a sucky noise Emma rolled over, the movement causing her become aware of an uncomfortable, clamminess. The smell of pee from inside her sleeping bag confirming a thought.

Emma rolled over bringing her next to Grace, putting on a cute little voice said "Acey, I wet the bed" Grace giggled through her nose, she loved that voice, responding in her own little voice "Dats otay MNM, me too" and the pair giggled. Emma asked "You want the first shower?"

Grace thought as she looked around. The pod was well equipped, there was a small bathroom, adjoining a kitchinette, a TV and compact couch and rug. There was a king sized bed they'd were sleeping on, it was easier last night to be in sleeping bags rather than make the bed. They also had a private hot tub on a small secluded deck outside. Answering "why not just get straight in the hot tub with breakfast?"

Emma, also affected by an adrenaline rush from Grace's deliberate bed wetting, nodded excitedly proceeding to extract herself from the sleeping bag. Grace was still exhausted and opted to just lay there half watching her friend.

Once Emma was out she stood at the end of the bed, her cute short pjs had an old wet patch down one side and the smell of pee more prominent in the room. The girls made eye contact with each other and Emma slowly removed her pjs, as if performing a strip tease.

To Grace this was almost too much, as if in a trance locked on to Emma's eyes, she sat upright, slid out of her sleeping bag and slowly took off her pajamas, until she knelt on the bed facing Emma. The pair of them clearly excited.

To be finished

*007*2024-11-04 21:22

Good "oh my" or "oh my days girls don't do it save yourselves" lol 😋

