A Desperate Ride Home

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-04-28 17:08

Kara and her friends, Hannah, Jake, and Kyle, had just finished watching Avengers: Endgame. Most of them had made it through the movie no problem, but Kara had drank an extra large soda over the course of the first hour and needed to pee pretty badly.

She was a very attractive woman about 19 years old, with long dark hair. Today she was wearing a teal tank top and a short, skintight pair of pink spandex shorts, for it was a hot day where they were.

Once they were done, Hannah, Jake, and Kyle raced to the bathroom. Kara stood outside, trying not to look desperate.

After about a minute, her friends returned.

"Don't you have to use the bathroom after that big drink?" said Hannah.

"I don't like using public bathrooms," said Kara. "Plus, I don't have to go that bad." She just said that so they wouldn't be too worried about her, her bladder was pretty full.

They got into Jake's car and drove back. Hannah and Kyle's homes were closer, so the plan was to drop them off first.

As they drove, Kara fidgeted in her seat, feeling her bladder fill up even more from what she drank. She really didn't want to pee all over the seat of Jake's car.

First, Jake stopped at Kyle's house. Once Kyle was out of the car, they continued on the road toward Hannah's house.

Hannah was in the back seat with Kara, and noticed Kara fidgeting. "Are you all right?"

"I'm fine."

"You look like you really need to go."

Kara blushed lightly. "Maybe I underestimated it. But I can hold it."

"I hope so," said Jake.

They hit a pothole, and Kara nearly lost it there. She crossed her legs and squirmed harder. She was in desperate need of a bathroom, but if she could just hold it for ten more minutes or so...

They reached Hannah's house, and Hannah got out of the car. Before she closed the door, she said "Thanks for taking us to the movie, Jake. And Kara, I hope you make it."

As soon as Hannah shut the door, Jake pulled out of her driveway and drove toward Kara's house at the speed limit exactly, not wanting to go slower than necessary, and not wanting to get pulled over for speeding.

"Maybe I should've used the bathroom there," said Kara, fidgeting and holding herself, trying to contain her very full bladder.

"Lesson learned for next time," said Jake. "And if you don't make it, I won't hold it against you, or make fun of you. In mean spirit, anyway, there might be some light teasing. I'd prefer not to clean the seat of my car, but it can be done."

"That's good to know." Kara felt less nervous, but she still really didn't want to wet herself here.

After an extremely long red light, which was agonizing for Kara, they finally reached Kara's house.

Kara got out of the car. "I'm still dry. Thank you so much, Jake, and see you tomorrow!"

"See you. Now get inside before you wet yourself."

Kara giggled slightly, and ran inside her house, feeling waves of pee sloshing inside her. Her bladder was overflowing and she was about to burst.

After removing her sandals, she ran into the bathroom, but instead of pulling her shorts down and sitting on the toilet, she climbed into the bathtub, and finally let go. She sighed in immense relief as her pink shorts darkened, and yellow waterfalls flowed down her legs in torrents. She loved this feeling so much, the warm wetness soaking her crotch and legs, and also the dirty feeling of doing something so naughty.

Ever since she got curious and peed her wet swimsuit in the shower, she had always had a thing for wetting herself, although of course she didn't want anyone to know. This was the real reason she had not used the bathroom at the theater, because she wanted to save it for a wetting tonight, and boy, was it worth it.

She peed for just under two minutes, and when she was done she sat in her yellow puddle and let out another sigh of relief and pleasure. She felt her wet shorts, and sniffed her hand, enjoying the pee smell. She took great pleasure in the state she was in and the naughtiness of it all. She had also enjoyed the desperation that came before, even though she was a little concerned she might not have made it to the bathroom, but at least she knew her friends wouldn't hate her if she did have an accident in front of them.

Once she'd had her fun, she rinsed herself off in the shower, without removing her outfit, which she then blow-dried. Her shorts still smelled a little of pee, and she liked it. Tonight she'd sleep in this outfit, then she'd take her morning pee in her shorts, shower, and change into something clean.

...

The next day, Kara met up with her friends at the park, wearing a clean pair of jeans and a black T-shirt.

"Did you make it?" Jake asked.

She was about to say "yes", since she did after all voluntarily pee exactly where she wanted to, but she felt a little more courageous, so she said "I wet myself in the bathroom." She blushed lightly.

"Well, at least no one saw it," said Hannah.

"Key in latch wettings are pretty common," said Kyle.

"I hope it wasn't too unpleasant," said Jake.

"It wasn't. The relief still felt good, and as Hannah said, no one saw it, so it wasn't super-embarrassing. All I had to do was shower and change, and it was all good. But I'd appreciate if you kept this between us."

"No problem," said Jake.

"Of course," said Hannah.

"My lips are sealed," said Kyle.

Feeling more daring, Kara said "If it's just any of the four of us at my house, feel free to tickle me on my way to the bathroom."

"Wow, really?" said Jake.

Kara blushed a little. "I mean, you already know I wet myself once, and I can expect some light teasing, so I know more wettings wouldn't hurt, as long as it's in my house and only in front of you. But don't expect me to do it deliberately or anything."

Jake suspected an ulterior motive, but pretended not to. "I'll keep that in mind."

...

I know someone here wanted me to write a story of someone who is into omo, I never got around to it before but I thought I'd start now.

*004*2019-04-28 23:30

{{5 hours ago, Keita123 said:

I love the twist that it's all planned!

And now that she knows her friends wouldn't hate her for wetting herself, maybe she could purposefully wet herself a little in front of them

}}

For that, I restored the epilogue I previously ditched.

