Espeon desperate in the dungeon

Author: tfarmjr

*000*2025-05-13 00:14

Espeon and Umbreon walked up to the entrance of the magma caverns preparing themselves for the danger and task ahead.

“Ugh why’d you have to pick a job in the hottest dungeon.” said Espeon

“Because the job is easy. It’s just a simple item retrieval. All we need to do is grab a fire stone. And besides wild Pokemon can’t do anything to someone of our level.” Replied Umbreon

Espeon sighed “well I still wish it was in a cooler area.”

“Oh don’t worry I came prepared, look” Umbreon opened his satchel as Espeon leaned in to take a peak. She looked in the open satchel and saw that Umbreon had packed a lot of extra water bottles.

“Oh how smart of you Umbreon.” said Espeon

Umbreon blushed a little and said “oh well I just figured we wouldn’t want to be getting overheated, oh and by the way if you need a break just ask and we can take one, ok?”

“Ok I’m ready when you are.” Espeon replied

“Alright let’s head in” said Umbreon as he closed up his satchel.

While heading towards the entrance, Espeon's bladder sent her a small signal of a need to go, nothing too serious, just a small warning that her bladder had some liquids in it. Espeon looked over at the trees and bushes lining the main path. She could have gone into the bushes and gotten rid of what little urine she had in her but her mother told her to never go pee in a place that isn’t a bathroom so she has never peed in anything that wasn’t a toilet. “No matter.” Espeon thought to herself “Umbreon said the job will be quick so I can deal with it once I get back to the guild.” While thinking about her ordeal she had slowed down her pace and umbreon had noticed.

“Hey you coming?” Asked Umbreon

“Huh, oh yea.” Espeon quickly caught up with Umbreon.

As they went through the first floor defeating wild Pokemon and scouring for the item they eventually found the stairs to the second floor.

“Hey umbreon can we take a break?”

“Yea I need to cool off.”

Umbreon and Espeon sat against the wall. Umbreon opened his satchel and handed Espeon a bottle of water, then grabbed one for himself. They both started guzzling the water until there was nothing left in the bottle and put the trash back in the bag.

“Another?” Asked Umbreon

“Yes please!”

Umbreon pulled out another two drinks from his pack and handed one to his Espeon. Espeon chugged the water bottle until it was all gone. Right after she finished, her bladder sent another wave stronger than the last but not by much. Still her need was growing and she’d have to finish this job soon. Espeon got up from the wall “Ok ,ready.”

“Alright cool” Umbreon followed suit and they continued through the floors. When they reached the 3rd floor, Espeon's bladder sent another signal of her growing need. She stopped and shuttered. Umbreon, taking notice, asked “Are you ok?”

“Yea.” replied, Espeon “Let’s just get this done quickly.”

A little later while exploring the floor they came across a room with only one entrance and one exit. In the middle of the room lay a fire stone, the item the team had been sent to retrieve. “Hey there it is!” Umbreon said while pointing to the stone.

“Really!?” Espeon immediately began rushing towards the stone

“Wait Espeon, it might be a trap!” Umbreon rushed after her. Just then a group of geodudes came out of hiding and used rock slide.

*CRASH*

Umbreon and Espeon both turned their heads to see what the noise was. What they found was that a large pile of rocks was blocking the entrance way and their only exit. After a few seconds of silence to process what had just happened, Espeon spoke up.

“Oh that’s a shame, but hey we got the item so I say we use the escape orb to get home”

“Right let me get it out of the bag” Umbreon began rifling through his bag. Epseon was relieved that soon she would be able to use the bathroom and finally release the pressure she’s feeling between her hind legs.

“Oh no.” umbreon said out loud

“What?” Espeon asked her relieved face Turning into a concerned one

“Oh no no no no!” Umbreon’s rifling became more frantic as he reaped saying no.

“What? What is it?” Espeon asked again already suspecting what the problem was.

Umbreon stopped his rifling and turned to face Espeon with a “I dun goofed” face. Slowly umbreon said “I forgot the escape orb.”

“What do you mean you forgot!? You said you came prepared!” Espeon yelled.

“I don’t know, it must have just slipped my mind. I was too focused on the water, I just forgot to get one.”

Espeon sighed “So we’re trapped?”

“It seems so. All we can do now is wait for another rescue team to come get us.” Umbreon said while walking towards the back wall.

Espeon rubbed her thighs together “And how long will that take?”

“A couple hours most likely.” Umbreon took off his bag and sat it against the back wall.

“A couple hours!?” Espeon whined

“What have you got somewhere to be?” Umbreon sat down next to the bag and turned to Espeon with a raised eyebrow.

Espeon blushed and turned her head to the side “N-No! I’m just…"Espeon paused trying to think of an excuse “Tired, yea I’m just tired is all.” Espeon glanced back over at umbreon hoping he’ll believe the obvious lie.

Umbreon looked at Espeon with a confused look not believing a word Espeon said. After a moment of awkward silence Umbreon spoke up. “Well if you’re tired then I'd suggest you take a nap while we wait.”

“Right.” Espeon walked to the back wall and sat down with umbreon. Umbreon grabbed a bottle of water and handed it to Espeon.

“Here, it’s like a sauna in here, best to stay hydrated.”

Espeon hesitated given her current situation but Umbreon was Right it was hot in the room they were trapped in and she was feeling quite thirsty. She took the water and slowly started drinking it. 10 minutes later and the small sensation between Espeon's legs became a constant reminder of her need. She found it hard to remain still; she constantly shifted her legs. She would throw a paw between them if only umbreon wasn’t there. Umbreon kept glancing over at the desperate espeon and decided to speak up.

“Espeon?” The sudden break of silence made her flinch. She turned her head to Umbreon.

“Yea Umbreon?”

“Do you need to um…” Umbreon blushed a little “pee?”

Espeon immediately became flustered. “N-no! I um I-I uh just…"Espeon struggled to come up with an excuse, but then she felt a strong urge and her paws instinctively jammed themselves in between her legs. After a few seconds the urge died down and her face blushed a hot red. Looking down at the ground still holding herself she said sheepishly. “Maybe a little.”

Umbreon sighed “how badly?”

Espeon’s face grew hotter. “I’ve had to go since we entered the dungeon.”

Umbreon threw a paw into his face and shook his head. “Why didn’t you say anything?”

“I figured I could go when we got back to the guild.”

Umbreon sighed again. “Well you can go over there.” Umbreon pointed towards the corner of the room. “I’ll face the other corner and cover my ears so-“

Espeon cut him off. “NO!” Espeon’s entire face went bright red. “I won’t do it! That’s too embarrassing!” She exclaimed while shaking her head “no”.

“Well what are you gonna do!?”

“I’ll hold it!”

“You’ll hold it?” Umbreon looked Espeon up and down. She had both paws in between her legs and her hind legs were tightly locked together. Umbreon looked at Espeon with an untrusting look. “Yeah sure… well if you’re not gonna go I am.”

Espeon watched as Umbreon got up from the wall and walked towards the corner. He turned to his side and lifted his hind leg then turned back to espeon. “Could you please turn around?”

“Oh right.” Espeon turned around and faced the wall. After a few moments of silence umbreon started peeing. The sound shot right to espeon’s ears making her push harder into herself with her paws. The noise made it feel like someone was poking her bladder with a needle. She whined, crossed her hind legs and started bouncing up and down all in an attempt to stop the oncoming flood from escaping her. This went on for a minute until umbreons’s stream died down. He sighed and turned around to see espeon facing the wall and shaking while holding herself. Umbreon ran over worried.

“Espeon are you okay?”

Espeon focused on not peeing herself. “I don’t know if I can hold it.”

Umbreon panicked. “Um ok go to the corner quickly.”

“No I-I can’t I need a toilet”

“Alright what if I dug a hole, would that work?”

Espeon didn’t want to pee in a hole but seeing that she had no other option she replied. “Yea that will work.”

“Ok I’ll get to it. Just keep holding it.”

Umbreon quickly ran to the corner closest to Espeon and began digging as fast as he could. After 5 minutes Umbreon was done.

“Ok, will this do?”

Espeon glanced over at it and shook her head “yes”.

“Ok I’m gonna face the corner over there.” Umbreon then began walking towards the corner. Espeon watched as he faced towards the corner and covered his ears pulling them down to the sides of his head. She then slowly walked over to the hole carefully trying not to let any liquids out. Espeon looked at the hole and grimaced. “Am I really going to pee in that?” Espeon thought to herself. She looked back at umbreon. He was still in the same position, ears covered and all. She turned back to the hole and sighed. She slowly squared over the hole and tried to let it out, but her body wouldn’t let her. It wasn’t a toilet, her body was not used to going anywhere but a toilet. “No!” Espeon thought. “No no no. Why? Why now? Why can’t I go when I need to desperately?” Espeon began to shake as tiers formed in her eyes. “Why?” Suddenly Espeon felt a small touch on her back which caused her body to recoil by shooting a jet of pee out. She turned back to see umbreon putting his hand on her back.

Softly umbreon asked. “Are you ok?”

Espeon began crying and replied. “I can’t do it. I just can’t”

Umbreon shushed her. “It’s ok, let me help”

Espeon shook her head “yes”. Umbreon then began petting Espeon's back and saying. “It’s ok just let it all out.”

Espeon felt her muscles slowly relax as she stopped shaking. After a few seconds Espeon let out a small spurt and instinctively clenched as to stop the sudden leak. She looked back at umbreon who gave her a head shake of approval. She turned back to the wall and slowly relaxed again. Her pee slowly started coming out. At first it was just a few drops then a few spurts until it quickly picked up speed and became a torrent coming out of her. Espeon moaned in pure bliss and relief forgetting that there was a person sitting next to her. As her stream continued she felt as if she was melting. She slowly started losing grip almost falling over but before she did she caught herself and regained her stance she had. The stream lasted a while until it eventually died down until only a few spurts then just some drops. Espeon let out a heavy sigh. She turned around to see umbreon holding out one of the plastic wrappings from the water bottles. With his head fully turned to the side he said.

“Here to uh wipe”

Espeon blushed slightly but liked the gesture. She took the plastic wrap and wiped in between her legs. She then crumbled it and threw it In the hole. After that there was an awkward silence before Espeon broke it.

“Do you have any more water? I’m feeling quite thirsty”

Umbreon’s ears perked up. “Yea I’ll get you one.”

They both went back to sitting against the back wall. Umbreon dug in his back and pulled out two water bottles and handed one to espeon. Espeon took a sip of her water and paused to think.

“Hey thanks for what you did back there.”

Umbreon was in the middle of drinking so he put his bottle down and responded. “Oh yea no problem you just looked like you needed someone to calm you.”

“Well I don’t know what I would’ve done without you so thanks.” Espeon gave umbreon a sincere smile and umbreon smile back.

*BOOOOM*

Umbreon and Espeon both turn towards the explosion seeing a raichu and an infernape standing by the now unblocked exit.

“Oh there you guys are, we’ve been looking for you. Did you guys have to wait long?”

Umbreon stood up and responded. “No we didn’t have to wait to long thanks for the rescue”

“Hey no problem. We’re gonna continue on ahead, you two fine getting out of the dungeon?”

“Yes we’ll be fine.” Umbreon replied.

Espeon and Umbreon made their way out of the dungeon and started making their way back home.

“Man espeon I’m beat when I get back to the guild I’m heading straight to bed, what about you?”

Espeon thought for a moment. “Hhhmmmmmm. Probably use the bathroom.”

