Princess Can't Find A Bathroom

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2024-04-26 00:47

Princess Can't Find A Bathroom

Princess Kari of the Kingdom of Rosendelle was 20 years old with neck length pink hair. She usually wore pink, white, blue, or yellow dresses that were not puffy, but she also loved to go running, during which she would wear short skintight black polyester shorts and a matching sports bra. She was very playful and could laugh at just about anything, even if it was something unprincesslike. Sometimes she would play in the mud or swim in the pool while wearing her dresses, and then take a bath in her wet and/or messy dress, but sometimes she would wear her athletic outfit for these activities as well. Everyone in the kingdom loved her and she was always fun and pleasant to be around.

While Rosendelle was a magical kingdom, containing magical creatures, wizards, etc., it also had modern day technology.

One day, Kari put on her athletic outfit and walked to the racetrack, bringing some drinks with her. She began running laps around the racetrack. She was a very fast runner, and was very fit from all the running she would do. After several laps, she would stop to drink a bottle of water, and then resume running.

As the summer day got hotter, and she was very thirsty and sweaty, she picked up a large bottle of soda that she had gotten for the occasion, and guzzled it down as fast as she could.

Except, it didn't seem to get empty. She kept drinking even though it should have run out by now. Eventually, it became too much and she spilled some down her front, so she stopped drinking, coughing and sputtering a bit. She looked at the bottle. It was still full. Probably the Chaos Mage's idea of a prank. The Chaos Mage was a bit mischievous but never had malicious intentions, and she thought he was funny.

As Kari returned to the racetrack, her stomach sloshed with all the soda she had drank, and was a bit bloated. She let out a loud belch, giggled at how unprincesslike this was, and then resumed running. As she ran, she could feel the sloshing but soon returned to her former slender figure.

After several more laps and two more bottles of water, she had to go to the bathroom. She wasn't surprised. She had drank a lot, more than intended. So she ran to the racetrack bathroom, but to her dismay, it had an Out of Order sign on it. She had never seen that sign on this bathroom, but she was sure she could find another bathroom.

She ran to a nearby gas station, but the bathroom was occupied. She pee danced in place, holding herself with both hands. Several wet farts could be heard inside, and she giggled, but stopped herself as she felt like she would wet herself if she laughed too hard. Plus, it sounded like it wouldn't smell too pleasant.

A boy laughed. "Princess gotta go potty!" he said.

"Johnny!" said his mother disapprovingly.

"No, it is kind of funny," said Kari with a smile. "But I gotta go, so see you around!" She ran out the gas station door and towards a mall. As she ran, her need to pee grew more urgent. The soda she drank was definitely still going through her.

The desperate princess reached the mall and raced to one of its bathrooms as fast as she could. She entered the bathroom, but all the stalls were full. She pee danced for five minutes before realizing, no one was going to flush anytime soon. So she ran out of the bathroom and into the other mall bathroom. Once again, the stalls were full.

She ran out of the mall and into the woods. There was a path in the woods with an outhouse. As she ran, she giggled a bit as the prospect of a princess like her using an outhouse. As she ran, she could feel the pee sloshing around inside her.

She reached the outhouse, and to her relief, there was no line, nor was there an Out of Order sign. She dashed towards the outhouse as fast as she could, but just as she was reaching for the handle, it suddenly moved.

"What?" She ran towards the outhouse again, but it moved some more. She chased the outhouse through the woods, but it kept out of her reach. She really needed to go, but it looked like some magic was keeping her from her relief. Probably the Chaos Mage again.

Eventually, she decided that the outhouse wouldn't let her enter it so she found a thick tree to go behind. This was even more unprincesslike than using an outhouse and thus she thought it was even funnier. She looked around to make sure no one was looking, and then pulled down her sweaty shorts, exposing her pink panties. Just as she was about to pull her underwear down, she saw some movement in the corner of her eye. She looked up to see that she was surrounded by gnomes, staring at her as if they had been standing there when she pulled her shorts down. Blushing lightly, Kari pulled her shorts back up and ran away from the tree. If the gnomes were going to be watching her, going behind a tree was not an option. There was a lot of unprincesslike stuff she thought was fun but she drew the line at exposing her naked rear end in public.

It took her ten minutes to find the forest path, as she had gotten lost chasing the outhouse. During which her need to pee became more and more intense, and she wasn't sure she was going to make it. Once she found the path, she saw that the outhouse was back in its original spot. She ran to the outhouse, but it moved. Knowing that pursuit of the outhouse would be futile, she returned to the town.

There was a Starbucks nearby, and she ran, holding herself with one hand, feeling like she could burst at any second. She reached the Starbucks and made a beeline to the bathroom. To her great relief, the bathroom door opened. Finally, she was about to get her relief.

Until she looked inside and saw that the toilet was missing.

"What?" How could the bathroom not have a toilet? This was definitely the work of the Chaos Mage. He was setting her on a path of endlessly not being able to find a bathroom.

She closed the bathroom door, hoping the toilet would return if someone else needed it, and ran towards the castle. Surely her bathrooms would still be available. She had to pee super bad and couldn't hold it much longer.

She entered the castle and raced through the halls, barely giving anyone any notice. As she ran up to a bathroom door, it disappeared, like a desert mirage. Every bathroom in the castle that she saw, would disappear when she got near. She moaned. She was going to wet her shorts any minute. Of course, they were already soaked with sweat between her running, how nervous she was, and her desperation.

This reminded her, she was thirsty from all this running. As if her thoughts had summoned it, a bottle of water appeared. Without a moment's hesitation, she picked it up and drank it. It would only add to her desperation, but she was already very desperate to begin with so it likely wouldn't make a big difference in the long run.

She ran to her bedroom, which had its own fancy bathroom. She entered her room, and to her relief, the bathroom door didn't disappear when she approached it. She half expected it to be locked, but it opened, and when she looked inside... the toilet was there.

"Yes!" she said. She ran towards the toilet, and just as she was about to pull down her shorts, the toilet suddenly disappeared. She whimpered and leaked a little. She had been so close to getting her relief, and was denied at the last second. She realized that she might have to wet herself.

No sooner had she thought this, than a small purple fairy flew up to her. "You really need a bathroom, princess?"

"Yes," said Kari. "I have to pee SO BAD, and if I don't find a bathroom soon, I'm gonna wet my pants!"

"Follow me!" said the fairy, and she flew out the window. Kari looked out the window. There was a pool of water directly below. Kari thought to herself, this pool of water wasn't there before. Maybe if she jumped into the pool she could pee in the water. She giggled slightly at the thought, and jumped out the window, in cannonball position. However, at the last second, the pool turned into a trampoline, and she landed on it and bounced forward, landing butt-first on the grass. The impact did not hurt much, but it caused her to leak again.

"This way," said the fairy, and she flew off. Kari ran after her, and every minute or so she would leak a little more. She followed the fairy into the forest, and through the woods, there was a house-sized building with the word "Restroom" on it in big flashing letters, and signs saying "A bathroom fit for a princess", and "Gotta go? Here is your relief!"

"Thank you so much," said Kari, and she ran into the bathroom. Its floors were shiny marble in pristine condition, and there were ten fancy-looking stalls, all of which were open and empty, and had shiny white toilets inside them. This was it. She was finally getting her relief.

As she ran towards one of the stalls, they suddenly disappeared, and several fountains appeared in their place, while waterfalls flowed down the wall into a river that flowed in a square-shaped loop at the edges of the room. The fountains, waterfall, and river created the sound of running water.

At this point, the princess's battle with her overflowing bladder came to an end. Once again her relief had been denied at the last moment, and between how badly she needed to go and all the running water in the room, she couldn't hold it anymore. Kari peed herself, feeling the warm wetness spread through her shorts and flow down her legs almost like the waterfalls in the room. A yellow puddle rapidly formed at her feet, and she could tell that this wasn't the clear pee, this was the pee that would smell. She tried a few times to stop peeing, but her stream only got stronger. Realizing she couldn't stop, she squatted down and peed harder, her stream passing through her sopping wet shorts and adding to the puddle. She couldn't help but sigh of relief.

Then, she slipped and fell on her butt, which splashed into her puddle. She giggled slightly, then sat in her puddle and kept peeing. She had never needed to go this badly in her life and the relief felt amazing. She peed for over two minutes, and once her stream finally died down, she sat there in her puddle of pee. Her shorts were soaking wet, but she didn't need to go anymore. She couldn't believe she had just wet herself.

The purple fairy flew into the room. "Did you make it?" she asked.

"No," said Kari, blushing lightly.

In a flash of light, the fairy turned into the Chaos Mage. He snapped his fingers, and the entire room disappeared, except the floor, so that the princess was still sitting in her puddle.

"You REALLY needed to go, didn't you? Did you enjoy my little 'Can't find a bathroom' game?"

Kari giggled. She had found the whole experience to be both fun and funny, right down to her accident. "Yes," she said. "It was just like those dreams I still have sometimes. Except I always wake up dry even if I pee in the dream."

"That could change one night," said the Chaos Mage mischievously.

Kari giggled. "Are you gonna dry me off?"

"I think you're fine the way you are," said the Chaos Mage. "Besides, I know how much you like your baths." And he disappeared in a flash of light.

Kari stood up. Her shorts were dripping wet and her beautiful legs glistened with pee as well. She cheerfully ran back to her castle.

"Ah, Princess Kari," said the Duke of Badger Town as she entered the castle's main room. "Just who I was waiting for."

"Hello, Duke," said Kari. She blushed lightly at talking to the duke in pee-soaked shorts but was barely embarrassed. She didn't think wetting herself was the worst thing, and besides, they were black and didn't show wetness well, and with how much she had peed, there wasn't a dry spot on them in any event.

"Would this Tuesday be a good day to have our meeting for setting up this year's Olympics?" asked the duke.

"Yes, Tuesday would work just fine."

The duke sniffed. "What's that smell?"

"I was running, and I really need a bath."

"It smells like more than sweat to me."

"Who knows?" said Kari with a playful smile as she walked away to her bedroom.

The duke watched her go. If he didn't know any better, he'd think that smell was pee. Did the princess pee in her shorts? Did she have an accident while running or let it flow deliberately? He shrugged and made his way back to Badger Town. If she did wet herself, it was no big deal, and he'd surely forget about it by Tuesday.

...

Kari walked into her bathroom. Her toilet was back, since the Chaos Mage's game was finished. By now her second wave had arrived, though it felt far less intense than the first. Well, her shorts were already wet and smelled of pee. So she sat on the toilet with her shorts up and peed, sighing of relief and giggling at the unprincesslike thing she was doing. Then, she filled the tub with warm, soapy water and climbed in, scrubbing herself all over with soap, especially her armpits and rear end. Once she was clean, she dried off and changed into her pink dress.

That night, she had another dream where she couldn't find a bathroom. Eventually she found one, despite its stall not being lockable, and sat on the toilet and peed. When she woke up, her pink pajama pants were wet. She had wet the bed, for the first time ever. Rather than be embarrassed, she giggled, finding it funny, and then walked into her bathroom to shower and change. When she exited the bathroom in her blue dress, she saw that the wet spot on her bed had vanished. She smiled and wondered what wet surprises awaited her in the future.

The End

Of course you might notice a few Frozen references in there.

*002*2024-04-26 15:19

Couldn't think of much else to do with her but I thought I'd do a second chapter integrating wetting into her usual fun activities.

Chapter 2: Wet Muddy Fun

Princess Kari was searching a building for bathrooms, but all of them were either missing toilets, or stall doors, or the toilets were full of sand. She had to pee really badly but couldn't find a suitable bathroom. Eventually, she found one, so she pulled her pants down, sat on the toilet, and peed full force. She sighed of relief, but noticed that she felt a bit warm and wet, even though her panties were down. Once she finished peeing, she pulled her pants up and walked around the building some more.

Eventually, she woke up. She should have known. She had dreams like this all the time, though of course she'd never forget the day she experienced something like this in real life. She immediately felt her pajama pants. They were wet. She giggled, for she liked waking up in wet pajamas. Anyone who saw her wet the bed simply found it adorable. She had no intention of undoing this spell.

She got out of bed and looked out the window. Her heart leapt when she saw that it was raining hard outside. She quickly changed into her pink dress, which she had worn yesterday and hadn't been washed yet. She didn't bother showering, the rain would do that for her. Pausing to drink a large cup of coffee and a 1L bottle of soda, she ran outside into the pouring rain. In seconds she was soaked through. She ran around in the rain, splashing in any puddles she saw. When she saw a bus approaching a puddle on the side of the road, she immediately stood next to it and let it splash her.

After about an hour, the rain stopped. But Kari wasn't disappointed. She knew there would be plenty of mud around. She walked to one of her favorite muddy areas and jumped butt-first into the mud. She wiggled her rear end around. The mud was very wet and gooey, and there were some parts of it that resembled muddy water. She rolled around in the mud, and scooped it up in her hands and poured it over herself, before standing near the muddy water section and jumping butt-first into it, making a splash. She sat there for a while, covered from head to toe in mud.

Soon, she had to go to the bathroom. Her coffee and soda had gone through her. She fidgeted a bit, enjoying the feeling of her butt wiggling in the mud. Her dress was already wet and messy, so what was a little pee? With a goofy smile, she peed in her dress. She giggled at how naughty and unprincesslike she was being right now, enjoying the feeling of the warm wetness spreading through her dress and adding to the mud where she sat.

After about ten minutes, she stood up, deciding that she had her fun and that she should take a bath. As she was walking back to her castle, she ran into a girl named Sara who she sometimes saw around. Sara had dark hair and was wearing an orange T-shirt and jean shorts. She was soaking wet, evidently having played in the rain as well. It seemed she would sometimes do this ever since watching Kari play in the rain for the first time.

"Hi Princess!" said Sara.

"Hi Sara," said Kari. "I'm just on my way to the castle. I was playing in the mud and I really need a bath." She giggled.

"Sounds like fun," said Sara. She sniffed. "You smell funny."

"I really had to go, and didn't want to get out of the mud just yet," said Kari with a playful smile.

Sara laughed. "I should do that next time I play in the rain."

"It is kinda fun."

So they went their separate ways, and Kari returned to the castle. No one batted an eye at seeing the princess walk through the castle covered in mud. They were used to this and loved everything about her. She returned to her room, rinsed herself off in the shower, and then took a bath in her dirty dress, scrubbing herself all over with soap. Once she was clean, she removed her wet dress, dried off, and changed into her yellow dress for the day.

As she left her room, she realized that she had left her wet underwear on underneath. Come to think of it, she hadn't changed her panties all day. Oh well. It was no big deal. If anything it was kind of fun.

*003*2024-04-27 21:38

Would anyone be put off if she were to fart and/or mess herself? Or should I just stick to wetting?

*007*2024-04-29 05:36

{{1 hour ago, OmoJack said:

Messing would probably cause me to skip that chapter but farting isn’t too off putting and farting while wetting is actually very cute

}}

I'll keep that in mind if I decide to do another chapter.

*009*2024-04-29 15:58

{{5 hours ago, Christian2002 said:

You should probably stick to wetting I think.

}}

OK. I was going to write another chapter that included farts but I'll cut them out then. Or maybe make two versions of it.

*010*2024-04-29 16:27

Chapter 3: Shorts Won't Come Off

(Wetting only edition)

Princess Kari woke up one morning. She felt her pajama pants. To her dismay, they were dry. She had dreamt of looking for a bathroom again but didn't pee before she woke up. Well, her bed had already been peed in many times. So she took her morning pee in her pajamas right there. She felt so dirty and unprincesslike deliberately wetting herself like this, and she loved it.

Once she finished wetting herself, she got out of bed and changed into her athletic outfit to go for a run. After drinking a large coffee, she made her way to the racetrack and started running laps. After drinking some water, she eventually drank her 2L bottle of soda. She was a bit disappointed when it ran out instead of overflowing like it did the time of her first wetting. After more laps, she had to go to the bathroom. So, she ran to the racetrack bathroom. She was disappointed when the door opened and the toilet was there. She had kind of been hoping for another "can't find a bathroom" game, but the Chaos Mage had not started another one since the first time.

However, when she reached the toilet, she found that she could not pull her shorts down. She pulled as hard as she could, but they were stuck firmly in place. Her heart was beating with excitement. Did the Chaos Mage do this? She tried harder to pull her shorts down, but was kind of hoping she wouldn't.

Eventually, she leaked, and she realized that she was inevitably going to wet her shorts. So, to avoid making a puddle on the bathroom floor, she sat on the toilet and peed full force. She sighed of relief as her stream soaked her shorts, spreading through her crotch and butt, and soon passed through her shorts and splashed into the toilet. Once she finished peeing, she stood up and cheerfully walked out of the bathroom and ran a few more laps before returning to the castle.

She stayed in her wet shorts until they dried, putting her yellow dress on over top for a formal meeting. A lady sitting beside her could smell the pee on her but said nothing.

After the meeting, she removed her dress and hung out in her stinky shorts. Until she had to pee again. She walked into her bathroom. Maybe now that she'd wet herself she could take her shorts off. However, they still wouldn't budge. She giggled a bit, and sat on the toilet with her shorts still up and peed.

...

That night, she had a slumber party with a few noblewomen and some regular girls, including Sara.

"You smell funny," said Sara. "Did you wet yourself again?"

"I can't get my shorts off, so yes, several times," said Kari unabashedly. Everyone giggled.

Eventually, Kari felt the urge to pee again. "I have to go pee. Of course I'll have no choice but to do it in my shorts."

"Is that so?" said Sara. And she and Lady Constance started tickling Kari. Kari laughed uncontrollably and kicked her legs where she sat, and in seconds she was peeing herself again. She was thoroughly enjoying this. She had never been tickled into wetting herself before.

Once they stopped ticking her, she caught her breath and said "That was fun." She felt her wet shorts. "And now I don't have to pee anymore." She giggled and then cleaned up her puddle.

...

When Kari woke up the following morning, her sleeping bag was wet, and her shorts were wetter than when she had fallen asleep.

"Rise and shine, princess!" said Sara. "Did you have a nice sleep?"

"I dreamed of playing in the rain and splashing in puddles, and swimming in a river with waterfalls, and I wet the bed."

Sara giggled. "Aw, how adorable!"

Kari also giggled as she got out of her sleeping bag.

"With all due respect, Princess," said Constance, "you really need a bath."

Kari sniffed her armpit. "Phew. You're not kidding. And my shorts probably stink twice as much from peeing in them so many times. Would you like to give me a bath?"

The girls squealed in excitement. Kari filled the tub with warm, soapy water and climbed in, still in her wet shorts. The girls scrubbed her all over, with Constance washing her hair, and Sara washing her rear end. When one of the girls washed her feet, this tickled her and she peed the rest of the way. After they dried her, she said "I'll see if I can change now." She removed her wet shorts and tank top, exposing her pink underwear, and put on her white dress, not caring that her underwear was still wet. She was relieved that she had been able to change before she could mess herself, but she had really enjoyed yesterday.

Chapter 3: Shorts Won't Come Off

Fart Edition

Princess Kari woke up one morning. She felt her pajama pants. To her dismay, they were dry. She had dreamt of looking for a bathroom again but didn't pee before she woke up. Well, her bed had already been peed in many times. So she took her morning pee in her pajamas right there. She felt so dirty and unprincesslike deliberately wetting herself like this, and she loved it. In the middle of peeing, she farted loudly. FFFFRRRT! She giggled, for she loved to fart. Not only did she find farts to be funny, but although she understood that it was something everyone did, she also heard it was very unprincesslike, and she loved the contrast of a princess doing this.

Once she finished wetting herself, she got out of bed and changed into her athletic outfit to go for a run. After drinking a large coffee, she made her way to the racetrack and started running laps. After drinking some water, she eventually drank her 2L bottle of soda. She was a bit disappointed when it ran out instead of overflowing like it did the time of her first wetting. After more laps, she had to go to the bathroom. So, she ran to the racetrack bathroom. She was disappointed when the door opened and the toilet was there. She had kind of been hoping for another "can't find a bathroom" game, but the Chaos Mage had not started another one since the first time.

However, when she reached the toilet, she found that she could not pull her shorts down. She pulled as hard as she could, but they were stuck firmly in place. Her heart was beating with excitement. Did the Chaos Mage do this? She tried harder to pull her shorts down, but was kind of hoping she wouldn't.

Eventually, she leaked, and she realized that she was inevitably going to wet her shorts. So, to avoid making a puddle on the bathroom floor, she sat on the toilet and peed full force. She sighed of relief as her stream soaked her shorts, spreading through her crotch and butt, and soon passed through her shorts and splashed into the toilet. She let out another loud, wet fart, and giggled. It was so much fun wetting and farting at the same time.

Once she finished peeing, she stood up and cheerfully walked out of the bathroom and ran a few more laps before returning to the castle.

She stayed in her wet shorts until they dried, putting her yellow dress on over top for a formal meeting. A lady sitting beside her could smell the pee on her but said nothing.

After the meeting, she removed her dress and hung out in her stinky shorts. Until she had to pee again. She walked into her bathroom. Maybe now that she'd wet herself she could take her shorts off. However, they still wouldn't budge. She giggled a bit, and sat on the toilet with her shorts still up and peed.

...

That night, she had a slumber party with a few noblewomen and some regular girls, including Sara.

"You smell funny," said Sara. "Did you wet yourself again?"

"I can't get my shorts off, so yes, several times," said Kari unabashedly. Everyone giggled.

Eventually, Kari felt the urge to pee again. "I have to go pee. Of course I'll have no choice but to do it in my shorts."

"Is that so?" said Sara. And she and Lady Constance started tickling Kari. Kari laughed uncontrollably and kicked her legs where she sat, and in seconds she was peeing herself again. She was thoroughly enjoying this. She had never been tickled into wetting herself before. As she was peeing she involuntarily let out a few wet farts, which made everyone laugh more.

Once they stopped ticking her, she caught her breath and said "That was fun." She felt her wet shorts. "And now I don't have to pee anymore." She giggled and then cleaned up her puddle.

...

When Kari woke up the following morning, her sleeping bag was wet, and her shorts were wetter than when she had fallen asleep.

"Rise and shine, princess!" said Sara. "Did you have a nice sleep?"

"I dreamed of playing in the rain and splashing in puddles, and swimming in a river with waterfalls, and I wet the bed."

Sara giggled. "Aw, how adorable!"

Kari also giggled as she got out of her sleeping bag.

"With all due respect, Princess," said Constance, "you really need a bath."

Kari sniffed her armpit. "Phew. You're not kidding. And my shorts probably stink twice as much from peeing in them so many times. Would you like to give me a bath?"

The girls squealed in excitement. Kari filled the tub with warm, soapy water and climbed in, still in her wet shorts. The girls scrubbed her all over, with Constance washing her hair, and Sara washing her rear end. She farted in the tub a few times, much to everyone's amusement. When one of the girls washed her feet, this tickled her and she peed the rest of the way. After they dried her, she said "I'll see if I can change now." She removed her wet shorts and tank top, exposing her pink underwear, and put on her white dress, not caring that her underwear was still wet. She was relieved that she had been able to change before she could mess herself, but she had really enjoyed yesterday.

*012*2024-05-06 21:34

Chapter 4: Stuck in a Chair

Princess Kari was wearing her white dress. Which was not see-through when wet, but was currently dry, and right now it was so clean that no one could tell how often she had gotten it dirty. Underneath she wore a pink pair of boyshort panties.

She drank an entire pot of coffee, for there was to be a meeting today which would last five hours. She sometimes found them a little boring, but had to stay awake for them to give her input. After drinking her coffee, she walked into the meeting room and sat down at the table.

First, a man listed off the top statistics for the most popular cartoons, animes, live-action TV series, and sports channels in Rosendelle, and which movies grossed the highest at the box office, displaying it on big TV screens, to which everyone at the table could see at least one.

Next, they discussed new wizards that had moved in, and the results of the gnome tournament and the monthly pegasus race, and then making a new neighborhood in the city which would include a school, a convenience store, a grocery store, a clothing shop, and many new houses.

About an hour into the meeting, Kari had to pee from the coffee she drank. "Keep it going unless it's something really important. I have to go to the bathroom."

"Why don't you pee right here?" asked a short, slightly chunky lord.

Kari giggled, and tried to stand up, only to find that she couldn't. She kept trying to stand up, but it was like her rear was glued to her chair, and her chair was glued to the ground. "I can't get up. Looks like the Chaos Mage is at it again. I'll just have to hold it." She giggled and crossed her legs.

As the meeting progressed, the princess's need to pee became more and more urgent. She fidgeted in her seat. She had a feeling that she knew exactly how this would end for her, but she still wanted to hold it as long as she could and play it out.

After another hour, she really needed to go. And it didn't help that they were now discussing a water park. She did kind of enjoy this. Some of them seemed a bit unsure about talking about water when their princess had to pee and couldn't get to a bathroom, but she told them to go ahead, she didn't mind. A servant brought them all drinks, and Kari quickly accepted a large bottle of soda and drank it, knowing that it would make her even more desperate.

This discussion took another hour, and just as they were estimating the time it would take to build it, Kari couldn't hold it anymore. She sighed of relief as she peed in her dress, feeling her panties get soaked, as well as the seat of her dress. She liked the naughty feeling of peeing in her dress in front of everyone at a meeting. She might not have tried it before, but she didn't exactly have a choice here, and clearly the Chaos Mage had known she would find it fun.

Everyone could see the princess's relieved reaction and hear the hissing noise emanating from her, and knew what was happening. By now it was no big secret that she sometimes wet herself and didn't mind. Some people were more at ease about wetting themselves now because of it. They patiently waited for her to finish, some of them giggling slightly, and then continued the meeting as though nothing had happened.

Eventually, the meeting was done, and everyone stood up and walked away. Except for Kari. She still couldn't get up. "Hey, Chaos Mage, this is fun, but do you at least have an estimate as to when I can get up?"

A 2-L bottle of soda, some potato salad, a big hamburger, and a large cake with chocolate frosting appeared before her, along with a note that said "See you at the festival, Princess." Kari giggled. The festival, which they had discussed in the meeting, was a week from today. So, she'd have to get comfortable here. She ate her burger and salad, which were exactly the way she liked them, and as she reached for the cake, it suddenly disappeared. She was confused for a moment, and then the cake reappeared above her head and fell on her, dirtying her dress and her hair. She giggled, enjoying this, before scooping up as much of the smashed cake as she could and eating it. When she opened her soda, it sprayed her in the face as if it had been shaken for five minutes, soaking her front half. She giggled again before drinking her soda as fast as she could, spilling some down her front.

It wasn't long before she had to pee again, and so she just went in her dress.

...

The following day, her sleepover friends came over to hang out with her, and they watched Netflix and YouTube on the screens in the room.

"Ooh, I have to go to the bathroom," said Kari, crossing her legs and fidgeting.

"Just go," said Sara.

Kari smiled, uncrossed her legs, and peed, sighing of relief. Everyone giggled.

An hour after everyone left, a blueberry cream pie appeared in front of her, with two more 2-L bottles of soda. Kari reached for the pie, but it levitated away from her, then came forward and smashed into her face. She removed the pie as its filling and cream dripped off her face, dirtying her dress further. "Nice one, Chaos Mage," she said as she started eating what was left of the pie. Both sodas exploded in her face when she opened them and drank them. An hour later, she blasted a power pee in her dress for over a minute.

...

WARNING: The spoilered section contains a a messing scene. If this puts you off, skip it and say that the Chaos Mage's magic kept her from messing herself, wetting only.

Spoiler

On the third day, Kari let out a wet fart. She giggled, and kept farting. Soon her farts got wetter and stinkier, and she realized that she would have to do more than just fart soon. She tried to get up, but once again she wouldn't budge. She was still stuck here, and things were about to get very messy. Some of her farts left her underwear feeling dirty. Well, more dirty than before. They had been peed in so many times and smelled really bad.

Eventually, she closed her eyes, grunted, and filled her panties with hyperscat. She sighed of relief and wiggled her butt around, enjoying the sensation, and thinking that the next time she went for a run she would eat something that gave her really bad diarrhea. A sloppy wet fart made its way out of her.

An hour later, her friends came over again.

"Princess, how are you doing?" Sara asked.

"I'm doing fine," said Kari cheerfully.

As they got near her, Constance sniffed. There was a smell in the air that was more foul than the pee. "What is that smell?"

"I pooped myself," said Kari. Everyone giggled.

...

Finally, the week was up. Kari woke up at 7:00 in the morning. The festival was four hours away. She took her morning pee, and then stood up.

"I can clean this chair for you," said a servant.

"Thanks," said Kari. "If you think you can handle it."

"I can." He sniffed her. "Phew! Permission to speak freely, Princess?"

"Permission granted," said Kari with a playful smile.

"You really stink."

Kari giggled. She had not washed for a week, and had used her dress as a toilet for the entire time. Her dress was very dirty, mostly from getting messy with food due to the Chaos Mage, and the front and back of the skirt part of her dress were saturated with pee. Never mind the state of her underwear. "I really need a bath," she said. She returned to her room, filled the tub with warm, soapy water, and climbed into the tub, still in her dirty, stinky dress, and washed herself all over with soap.

When she stepped out of the tub, she no longer smelled, but her dress was still a bit stained so she decided to throw it into the washing machine. That always got any stains out. She changed out of her dress and into her blue dress to begin a new day, looking forward to the festival.

*013*2024-05-08 22:13

This is a chapter where the main focus is a messing (and contains a wetting or two as well), so I'll spoiler it. Anyone who doesn't like messing, skip and say it never happened. Wetting-only chapters will not reference any messing instances.

Spoiler

Chapter 5: Messy Shorts

Princess Kari woke up one morning. She stretched her arms, farted, then changed out of her wet pajamas and into her athletic outfit, for she was going to go for a run today. It didn't matter that she didn't wash before changing, or put on a clean pair of panties. Her shorts had not been washed for a week, and she had gone running in them every day. In the course of that week she hadn't wet her shorts, only her pajamas, and had only played in the mud or splashed in the pond in her dresses or a new pair of tight jeans that she had gotten recently. But given that the Chaos Mage hadn't done anything since sticking her in the chair, she decided that she'd take matters into her own hands. She could not deny it: She loved wetting herself. If she held it it would just be to play it out and make the accident seem more real, and if she avoided it it would be to make the accidents more fun, especially if the Chaos Mage had a hand in them.

And, since she had enjoyed messing herself, she planned to do that as well. She made a big pot of coffee, drank it all down, and had a big plate of chili and undercooked eggs made for her. The servant giggled lightly. She knew that chili and undercooked eggs gave the princess really bad diarrhea, and knew that if she wanted it now she'd have something messy planned. No one in the castle or the rest of the kingdom was put off by their princess's unprincesslike activities. They all thought it was funny, and loved her either way.

After eating her chili and eggs, Kari drank a big glass of prune juice, and then, with her collection of water bottles and 2L soda bottle, made her way to the racetrack. She ran like before, stopping for a bottle of water when she got thirsty, and eventually drinking her big bottle of soda, spilling some down her front.

As she was running, she let out several dirty wet farts. She giggled, and as she ran, her farts quickly grew wetter and stinkier. The chili, undercooked eggs, and prune juice were taking effect already, and her underwear, which was already stained with urine from her nighttime accident, felt dirtier. She considered running towards the bathroom, but she was pretty sure it would be open, making her easily able to use the toilet and keep her shorts clean. Well, as clean as they currently were. So, she decided to keep running, pretending that someone had instructed her to only stop to take a drink and catch her breath. After stopping for another bottle of water, during which her stomach gurgled loudly, as soon as she started running again, she farted again and felt a bit of poop plop into her shorts. She whimpered, then giggled. If she did not stop for a bathroom soon, she would make a mess in her shorts, and she was looking forward to it.

As she kept running, her stomach cramps and farts became more frequent. She could hear her stomach gurgling even as she ran, and kept farting every few seconds, some of them short and loud, others long with medium to high volume, but all of them wet, and a few of them were more than a fart. Her panties were very dirty now, and if she kept this up, she'd have a very messy accident. Speaking of, she was feeling a significant need to pee as well. But she had a feeling that wouldn't be the first way she'd go to the bathroom on this run.

After another dirty wet fart, she felt an intense pressure in her bowels and knew that this would be it. She held it as long as she could, and as she ran, involuntarily let out a few wet sharts. Eventually, she couldn't hold it anymore. She noisily filled her shorts with explosive diarrhea. A big bulge formed on the seat of her shorts, diarrhea ran down her legs, looking even runnier than the chili she had eaten (which, of course, it once was), and a smell twice as foul as when she had soiled her dress became visible. She stopped running and sighed of immense relief, before a sloppy wet fart made its way out of her. She giggled, both finding it funny and enjoying how it felt, then sniffed the air around her. "Phew," she said, fanning the air. This was stinkier than she had anticipated. But she didn't mind. The more unprincesslike, the better!

She continued to run in her soiled shorts, during which she became more aware of her need to pee. Though she probably could have held it longer, she instead let it flow, feeling the warm wetness spread through her shorts and run down her legs, making a trail on the racetrack.

Once she was done running, she sat down on the grass, feeling the mess in her shorts squish under her rear. She wiggled her butt around, enjoying how this felt. After drinking another water bottle, and sitting in her soiled shorts, she got back up and walked back to the castle, not caring who saw her. Though the wetness was hard to notice on her black shorts, after sitting down, the seat of her shorts was now brown, making it look as though she had sat in a mud puddle, not to mention how dirty the back of her legs were. Anyone she got close to reacted with disgust at the smell, but amusement at the princess herself.

Once entering the castle, she cheerfully walked back to her room. Everyone who saw her giggled in good nature, as if it was barely unusual for a princess to walk by with poop in her shorts. She entered her bathroom, sat on the toilet with her shorts up, peed again, then rinsed the mess out of her shorts with the shower head before taking another bubble bath in her stinky shorts. She spent over 15 minutes washing her rear end, and even then she wasn't sure she had gotten the smell out of her shorts, but she didn't mind. She liked having stinky shorts.

*014*2024-05-09 22:52

I am thinking of another chapter similar to the first, but a bit more wacky. What outfit would you like her to wear for the next chapter? One of her dresses? Her athletic shorts? A pair of jeans (I mentioned them in the messing chapter but they can still be canon to the "wetting-only" readers)? Her pajamas? Something new like jean shorts, romper, miniskirt, or full bodysuit?

(If anyone wants diapers to come in, I would likely have them put on over her panties or shorts in a later chapter, but not this one)

If no one gives any suggestions by the time I get around to writing it, then I'll choose.

*016*2024-05-11 04:24

Chapter 6: Can't Find A Bathroom Again

Princess Kari sighed as she changed into her pajamas. She had really enjoyed every one of her wettings since the first time. But she wished she could experience something like the first one again. OK, sure, she'd want it to end wet. But she could always pretend like she would pull her pants down and pee normally if she found a toilet. Maybe she'd start peeing and then act like someone saw her and then pull them up in the middle of peeing. Besides, any time the Chaos Mage was involved she ended up wet.

Like most nights, she drank a large soda right before climbing into her bed and falling asleep. She dreamed that she was swimming deep under the sea. She wasn't feeling a need to pee yet, but was certain that it would come.

Then there was a sudden wetness and a splash, and she woke up. But she was not in her bed. She was in a field with orange grass and purple sky. She was soaking wet, right down to her pajamas, and she looked up to see an overturned bucket above her, dripping slightly. Then, a giant blow dryer appeared and dried her.

"Am I still dreaming?" she wondered aloud. She pinched herself. "Ow! Looks like I'm awake. Where am I?"

A big bottle of her favorite soda floated over to her. She was certain she knew who was behind this. She drank the soda as fast as she could. It never seemed to run out. Her heart beating fast with excitement, she kept drinking for as long as she could, spilling some down her front, until she could no longer drink anymore. She felt the soda sloshing inside her, and her belly was a bit bloated. She walked around this strange world, and it didn't take long to return to her slender figure. She then grabbed the bottle and drank some more, repeating the process.

Eventually, she was hit by an intense need to pee. "Ooh... I have to go to the bathroom!"

The Chaos Mage's voice could be heard. "Find the potty... if you can!"

An outhouse appeared. Kari ran over to it and opened the door. There was a toilet inside, but the door vanished. All kinds of magical creatures were roaming about here. She couldn't risk them seeing her on the toilet with her pants down. So she ran in search of another bathroom. She couldn't believe it. It was finally happening again!

She saw a convenience store and entered. She ran to the bathroom, but there was no toilet inside. She ran outside, and over to a fast food restaurant. She ran for the bathroom, but its door suddenly disappeared. So she ran into the men's room, but all the stalls were missing their doors, and there were two men inside talking about something she didn't really pay attention to. If she were to use the toilet in here it would be in full view of them.

So she ran outside and through a bizarre-looking city. As she ran her need to pee grew rapidly. If she didn't find a bathroom things would get very wet for her, especially her pink pajama pants.

She eventually found a restaurant and ran into it. "Can I use your bathroom?" she asked, pee dancing and holding herself.

"If you order an extra large drink," said the waiter. "Today it's on the house."

"Sprite, please!"

The waiter gave her a glass of Sprite that was five times bigger than an extra large cup of coffee. She drank it down as fast as she could, spilling some down her front.

"Now you may use the bathroom," said the waiter. "Hurry before you wet yourself!"

Kari giggled slightly, then ran to the bathroom. There were several fancy-looking stalls here. She entered one, and ran over to its toilet, but as soon as she got close, it disappeared. She ran into another stall, but the toilet exploded into confetti. In the third stall, a geyser of water shot up from the toilet, making it harder for her to hold it. In the fourth stall, as soon as she ran up to the toilet, it moved. She chased it around, before accepting that she would not be able to sit on it. In the fifth stall, the toilet suddenly grew large and swallowed her.

She was quickly spit out through the back of the restaurant, landing on her butt. This jolted her full bladder a bit and she was sure she would leak soon. So she got up and ran around, looking for another bathroom. She noticed that she was still completely dry.

Soon she found a small building that said "Bathroom fit for a princess." She ran up to it, but it moved away. A sign appeared saying "You can enter the bathroom if you catch it!" So she took off running after the bathroom. As she chased after it, slowly gaining on it, the sky suddenly filled with green clouds and it started to rain hard. Except, wherever she moved, there seemed to be a Jane Foster style spot around her where it was not raining, keeping her dry, while torturing her bladder with the sound of rain and the sight of it splashing into the puddles around that she ran through.

As she gained on the bathroom, it suddenly took a hard turn and into a forest with trees of blue bark and red leaves. The bathroom hopped up the branches of a tree and rested on a tree branch. Kari looked around. There were a few creatures watching, so she couldn't pull her pants down and pee right here. So she started climbing the tree, but as she grabbed onto one of its branches, it broke, and she fell on her rear end, which made her leak a little, dampening her white panties. She whimpered, then climbed up faster. After several tries, she finally reached the branch next to the bathroom door and climbed on it, reaching for the door.

As soon as she grabbed the handle, the bathroom shot into the sky like a rocket, taking the desperate princess with it. She peed a little before it suddenly started spinning, throwing her off it. When she got back up, she chased the bathroom out of the forest. As soon as they entered a field, it was still raining hard, and the water was ankle-deep now. Feeling the wetness on her feet made it harder to hold it, and she leaked a bit more. If her pajama pants were wet, she could pee without anyone noticing. Well, not that she really minded, but she was acting like she wanted to avoid a humiliating accident. So she sat down, only to find that the grass under her was dry. As with the hole in the rain above her, if she sat down, her pajama pants would stay dry. She was sure there was only one thing that would get her pants wet here, and it wasn't water.

The bathroom made some distance in this time. Kari got up and ran after it, feeling her feet splash in the water, which was very warm. She dribbled a bit in her panties as she was chasing it, and there was a damp spot on her pajama pants now. Eventually, it stopped in an area with a circular wall around it. Kari looked behind her, and the way that she had come was blocked by the wall. It was still raining all around but not on her, and as Kari approached the bathroom, waterfalls poured down the circular wall, splashing into the water, which was making waves all around her, though none of the waves splashed her, only her feet were wet. With water, that is. With all the sights and sounds of running water, the rain, the raindrops on the water, the waterfalls, the waves, the splashes she made as she ran, she could burst at any second.

She reached the bathroom door, and turned the handle. Instead of opening, a screen came on. It said "Solve 10 puzzles to advance." A virtual Jigsaw puzzle came up. Kari groaned and started solving the puzzle. She was so close to relief and now she had to do this ten times. She was sure she was going to wet her pants. Her desperation made it harder to focus on the puzzles, and the running water made it harder to hold it. By the time she finally solved the puzzles, she had a big wet spot on her pants, and was still desperate to pee.

The door swung open, and there was a toilet inside. Kari entered the bathroom, closed and locked the door, and ran for the toilet. It did not disappear. She sat on the toilet with her pants up, and nothing happened. Except that she leaked a little more. So she stood up, pulled her pants down, sat on the toilet, and peed, sighing of relief.

Five seconds after she started peeing, her pants and underwear shot back up, as if she had never pulled them down. She let out a little squeal, before the bathroom and toilet disappeared and she fell on her butt. The grass under her was dry, even though it was raining all around her. The wet spot on her pajama pants was rapidly expanding. She tried to stop peeing, but her stream only grew stronger, and her rear end became soaked. She was wetting herself all the way. She sighed of relief and pleasure, then giggled at how this had ended. She peed for over two minutes, and then sat in her wet pants.

The Chaos Mage appeared. "Uh-oh, princess went potty in her pants," he said.

Kari giggled. "You can say that again. Thank you so much for this. It was so much fun!"

"Any time. I won't do it every day of course, but once and a while you could be in for a very wet surprise!"

"I can't wait for the next time."

"Do you want to shower before I return you to your castle?"

"Sure, sounds like fun!"

It suddenly started raining on her, and she was sitting in the ankle-deep water. The water felt warm like a shower.

"Now get on all fours," said the Chaos Mage. The soaking wet princess did so, and floating scrubbers started washing her all over with soap, one of them washing her tush, covering her in suds. She giggled, enjoying this. The rain above her turned into soap foam like a car wash, further covering her in suds, and then it rained normally on her again, rinsing her off.

The Chaos Mage handed her the bottle of soda and she drank it, this time draining it normally. "Now, it is time for you to return. And in case you were wondering, this world takes up no time in your world."

The ground she sat on suddenly turned into a whirlpool, and as it drained into a hole in the center, it took her with it. She landed butt-first in the bathtub of her bedroom's bathroom, with the water from above filling the tub up until it was at the same amount of water in the tub that she would use for baths. She sat in the tub in her wet pajamas, thinking about what had just happened. The Chaos Mage had truly outdone himself this time, and whenever the next time was, she was looking forward to it. The fact that she had appeared in the tub rather than in her bed was proof that this had not been a dream.

She drained the water, got out of the tub, and, still dripping wet, climbed into her bed. It didn't take her long to get back to sleep.

When she woke up, her pajama pants were wetter than her pajama shirt, and smelled of pee.

