Wet Spanking and Tickling

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2026-01-15 19:51

For those who are into wetting combined with spanking and tickling.

Wet Spanking and Tickling

One day, Tina and Sally were having a night of fun together. Both were very pretty girls of age 20; Tina was playful and energetic with blonde hair, and a bit of a prankster. Sally was a tomboy with brown hair who was prone to jumpscares which would sometimes make her wet herself. Tonight, Tina was wearing jean shorts while Sally was wearing tight jeans.

"How about, for the rest of the night, I do everything you say?" Tina asked, with a playful wink, knowing the kind of stuff Sally might make her do.

"Sounds like fun," said Sally. "First, drink a whole 2-liter bottle of soda."

Tina grabbed a bottle of soda from the fridge and drank it as fast as she could, spilling a bit down her front. BUUUUURP! She giggled a bit afterwards.

"You know better than that," said Sally, trying to keep a straight face for she would also belch and even fart loudly sometimes. "Go sit in the corner until I say so."

Tina sat in the corner, while Sally put on a TV show involving lots of swimming and splashing. Pretty soon, Tina had to pee from the soda she drank. "Sally, I have to go to the bathroom!"

"Hold it until I say so," said Sally.

Tina sat and fidgeted, trying to keep her shorts dry. Of course, she wasn't afraid of wetting herself, she wanted both her and Sally to have as much fun with this as possible, and knew Sally must have some sort of plan. So she held her pee, not wanting to wet herself until Sally wanted her to.

Soon, she really needed to go. "Sally! I'm about to wet my shorts!"

"Good," said Sally. "Now, climb over my lap."

Tina climbed over Sally's lap. Sally rested her hand on Tina's rear end, which made Tina so excited she nearly lost it right there. Then, she slapped her butt as hard as she could. As Sally spanked Tina, Tina had a look of absolute pleasure on her face. She kicked her legs, for she still had to pee really badly.

Maybe it was the swats to her rear, maybe it was the excitement, but Tina couldn't hold it much longer. As Sally continued to spank her, Tina peed in her shorts uncontrollably, also soaking Sally's jeans. Sally smiled at this, and with a few chuckles, kept smacking Tina's bottom as she wet herself. Five swats after Tina finished peeing, Sally stopped. "Feel better?"

"My tushie is sore, but I don't have to go to the bathroom anymore." Tina giggled, feeling her wet shorts. She sat down, winced in pain, and stood up. "Ow..."

"Get on all fours and I'll fix that," said Sally. Tina got on all fours and Sally gave her a butt massage. Tina took pleasure in having her tush rubbed while in wet shorts, and before long the pain was gone.

"My turn," said Sally, and she drank a two-liter bottle of soda, spilling some down her front, with a loud belch afterwards.

Tina sat down, still in her wet shorts. "Sit on my lap," she said.

Sally sat on Tina's lap. Pretty soon, she had to pee, and fidgeted. "Tina, I have to go to the bathroom!"

"Hold it, but squirm all you want," said Tina.

As Sally fidgeted, Tina giggled at the feeling of Sally's butt wiggling against her, and how her jeans felt against her legs. Of course, the seat of her jeans would be a lot wetter soon. The upper legs of her jeans were already wet with Tina's pee from her little accident during the spanking.

Soon, Sally really needed to go. "Tina, I'm about to burst!"

With a big smile, Tina started tickling Sally's armpits and sides. Sally was just as ticklish as she was and started laughing uncontrollably. "Hahahaha! Stop! I'm really ticklish!"

"Think of it as payback for all the times you tickled me when I had to pee," said Tina, who had of course enjoyed every one of those moments, and tickled Sally harder.

"HAHAHAHA! STOP! HAHAHAHA! I'M GONNA PEE! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

Tina kept ticking Sally, and Sally wet her pants. Her stream grew stronger as the crotch and butt of her jeans became soaked, as did Tina's legs. Sally was absolutely enjoying this as much as Tina.

She stopped tickling 10 seconds after Sally stopped peeing. "How do you feel?"

"Wet," said Sally, feeling her wet pants.

"Aw, looks like someone peed her pants!" said Tina, enjoying the feeling of Sally sitting on her in wet jeans.

"Hehe, so did you," said Sally. Tina giggled.

They spent the rest of the night hanging out in their wet shorts and jeans. When it was time to go to bed, they climbed into their beds, which had mattress protection, still in their wet pants, and fell asleep.

Tina woke up really needing to pee, so she just let it all out in her shorts. The bed did have mattress protection, after all.

Sally also took her morning pee in her jeans, sighing of relief and giggling at the naughty thing she was doing.

The girls met up at the breakfast table.

"Good morning, Sally."

"Morning, Tina. Did you pee in your sleep?"

Tina giggled. "No, but I did pee when I woke up."

"Hehe, me too."

After breakfast they showered in their wet jeans and shorts before changing into something dry.

