Desperate at party, saw his crush and lost control

Author: Tinku

*000*2024-10-25 12:58

This is my first fiction. It is about Nick. He is 25 years old and has business on his own and small bladder. Pardon my language , English isn't my native language.

The story:

Nick is at a business party. He loves to do dares. He decided to wear a black thong while holding his pee. He is not wearing underwear but pants and blazers.

He left his apartment at 7.30 am. He peed in the morning. He bought coffee and drank it , that was his breakfast. He went straight to the office. The thong was barely covering his genitals. His desperation was at 3/10. He told his assistant to bring another cup of coffee.

Assistant brought him. " Sir, a party is on your schedule"

"You didn't told me " nick said

"No sir. It was sudden. Arranged by Johnson company for chit chat and champagne" said assistant.

"I will not be going then", said nick.

"I heard all companies and their families will be there. Even Mia will be attending " said assistant.

He thought about Mia. She is pretty and loves to marry Nick.

"Well,then it's important " said nick by smiling.

"Yes sir" said assistant by smiling.

He thought about his dare. The party wasn't included in his dare. He thought about adding it as a dare. He starting drinking the coffee. He felt the pee going down.

At 11 am , he drank 1 litre of water. He took care of business meetings and get going with the work.

At lunch, he ate solid foods. After that, he starting drinking large sized Cola. He could feel the urge to pee. He went to the bathroom which is exclusive for him. It was a spacious bathroom with male urinal and Normal European one. He stood in front of male urinal. He unzipped his pants. He decided to pee for 2 seconds. He believed that peeing for some seconds could help to hold pee for longer time. He started peeing with great force and after 2 seconds he stopped. He zipped and went out of the bathroom.

It was 3 in the evening. He started getting desperate. He was at 6/10. He went home. He needed to change into another attire for the party , which is happening at 5. He drank a glass of water. He decided to relax a bit by laying down on the bed. He untied the tie,loosen the shirt and belt. He sat on the bed, and felt uncomfortable. He started caressing his lower abdomen which is filling with pee. He laid on the bed ,still uncomfortable.

He slept for one and half hour. He woke up suddenly by noticing the time. He felt his urgent need to pee. He went to the bathroom and peed for 3 seconds. He couldn't stop suddenly and grabbed his member , shaked and put it in the thong.

He changed his outfit. He felt the constant need to empty the bladder. He went to the party.

The occasion is beautiful and luxurious. He wanted to pee so bad. He started looking for Mia. He was caught up in meeting others businessmen.

"Hey, why don't you have a drink , Mr Nick" , said businessman

Nick smiled and neglected.

"Don't tell me that you don't drink champagne" said businessman.

"OH I do" said Nick. He took a glass "Cheers" to that businessman.

He drank it completely. He knew drinks wouldn't help him to not pee. It was 6.30 in the evening. He was desperate at 8.5.

He stood there and talked to others for half an hour. He couldn't control his desperation.

"Hey are you okay?" Said another businessman

"Yes iam" said nick

"You look nervous" said businessman

"I am good" Nick smiled

He starting holding his member often without anyone noticing. He decided to pee in the bathroom.

He started walking to the bathroom , which is near the main entrance. When he was walking while looking down , someone took his hand "You okay, Nick". It was MIA.

Nick looked at her and smiled. "I am good". He was desperate at 9.5. He gave up.

His pee started flowing through his pants. His thong was drenched completely. He looked at her ashamed. She looked at his pants shocked, "Peed?, it's okay let's get u cleaned up. It's natural", she said.

He said , " I am sorry. I was daring it became urg..."

"It is okay. Let's leave now. My car is there". She smiled and showed the car.

