An Aspects Desperation (League Of Legends)

Author: TheSacredFlame

*000*2021-12-06 23:29

Author’s Note: This is my first story so enjoy

The jungles in the Summoner's Rift were oddly quiet today. While normally champions slay the beasts that live there for gold and xp, currently it seemed like none of that was happening. This was quite lucky for one little champion.

Despite being an aspect, having the status of a goddess, Zoe was not exempt from the downside of having a mortal body, she had to pee. She frantically scanned the surrounding jungle for any champions.

“I really really really need to pee!” she exclaimed as her hands buried themselves deep in her crotch. After carefully examining the area she spotted a nice bush that would stop anyone from seeing a goddess perform such an act. She took off her shorts completely and lay them to the side.

Her urethra slowly let out a weak trickle of pee before slowly escalating to a powerful jet that soaked the ground.

“That was way too close, I almost got some pee on my pants.” Zoe let out a soft moan and listened to the relaxing sound of her pee hitting the ground.

CRUNCH

A loud crunching sound radiated through the jungle. The sound scared Zoe as she fell into her own puddle of pee.

“Ewww, gross I got my own pee all over my clothes!” Not wanting to risk being seen by a strong champion. She cut off her stream, not before taking off her pee soaked clothes. She slowly peaked her head out of the bush and looked around the area. She caught a glimpse of someone, a blonde haired girl. It was Lux, her enemy from the bottom lane. Zoe’s hands dug themselves deep around her crotch.

“Ughhhh, I can’t hold it in anymore, but if I start peeing again Lux will hear me!” She desperately waitied for Lux to move so she could release the entire ocean from her bladder but Lux didn’t move she was surveying the area.

Eventually the desperate Zoe had come up with the ultimate plan to get revenge on Lux for making her unable to relieve herself. Using her magical powers, she created a portal beneath her and removed her hands from her crotch. Almost instantly a powerful stream of pee began shooting out Zoe and into the portal. But portals always come in pairs, and the other portal appeared above Lux. Zoe’s pee rained all over Lux covering and soaking all her clothes. After Lux moved away from the peeing portal she examined it.

“Zoe!!!” She exclaimed notably angry at what the playful goddess just did. By this time Zoe has finally finished relieving herself so she popped out from the bush to confront Lux.

“Haha, you’re covered in pee, you&#39;re so gross, haha!”.

Lux burst into laughter much to Zoe’s surprise and confusion.

“What’s so funny, you want me to pee on you again?” Zoe curiously asked Lux.

“It’s so hard to take you seriously when your butt naked like that”, Lux replied, still bursting with laughter.

Zoe looks around then at herself. WHAT, she had totally forgotten that she had taken off all her clothes when she peed.

“It's all your fault!” She told Lux a tear was starting to form on her cheek.

“What do you mean?” Lux asked.

“You were the one who scared me while I was peeing here so I fell and got my top all soaked in pee. Then you never went away so I had to hold it for so long, you meanie!”

Lux smiled, “Well that will teach you not to pee in these bushes right?”

……..

$$

*001*2021-12-08 09:17

Part 2: Neeko's gotta go

Between each game on Summoner’s Rift, the champions get quite a bit of downtime.

“Pee pee pee, Neeko’s gotta go!” The chameleon-human hybrid dashed towards the forest. The previous game was a really tight game and Neeko had to drink many healing potions, which have now all made its way into her full bladder. The forest was extremely large so the chances that someone would find her in there are extremely low. She stopped at a clearing in the forest and removed her loincloth.

Since she was just running on all fours, she didn’t need to squat to be able to pee. Just as she was about to release all her pent up pee a yellow starry portal appeared beside as her natural chameleon abilities activated and she turned herself completely invisible. Soon a naked Zoe leaps out of the portal.

“Ughh I gotta pee so bad. I just went an hour ago but I drank so many healing potions!” A desperate Zoe exclaimed as she frantically looked around to make sure no one was around. Even though Zoe was fine with peeing outside, she prefers it when no one is around. After confirming that this place was empty she squatted down. Since she was naked there was no need to remove any undergarments. Zoe breathed a sigh of relief as a trickle of pee which quickly turned into a strong jet, escaped from her aching bladder.

“Finally!” Zoe moaned, as she let out a long sigh of relief “That feels so good!”. Her stream had a gentle hiss to it as it splashed everywhere. As Zoe peed, a rainbow formed from the reflected drops of pee, causing a slight blush to form on Zoe’s face. While Zoe managed to empty her bladder, Neeko’s still remained full. Zoe’s stream slowly began to weaken over the course of a minute. Neeko decided to reveal herself to the naked goddess, since she is unable to pee while camouflaged. As she turned back to normal Zoe shrieked.

“WHAT, Ne-nee-neek-neeko why are you here watching me pee!” Zoe exclaimed as her face turned glowing red. She didn’t expect someone to catch her in the act of relieving herself especially since she was also naked.

“Neeko was here first but was scared when Zoe’s portal appeared. Neeko really has to pee!” The chameleon responded. By now Zoe’s stream had almost ended but she knew that she wanted revenge on Neeko. Despite still peeing, Zoe jumped on top of the back of the desperate Neeko.

“Why is Zoe peeing on Neeko’s back?” The chameleon asked curiously.

“I wanna watch you pee,” Zoe responded

“Zoe will not see Neeko pee!” Neeko firmly rejected the offer

“That's not fair! You saw me pee so I get to see you pee!” Zoe objected, now rocking Neeko from side to side.

“No Zoe stop! If you keep doing this Neeko will—,” Neeko exclaimed but it was too late as spurts of pee began escaping from her swollen bladder. Her stream hissed and roared violently as a whole game’s worth of pee rushed out of bladder

“O.. Ohhh, feels sooo goood!”, Neeko exclaimed after letting out a loud moan. By now Zoe had begun paying more close attention to the way Neeko peed.

“Wow Neeko, I never would have guessed that you didn’t squat down to pee like I do”. This statement fell on deaf ears, as Neeko was still too focused on the sweet relief that she had finally earned. After a few minutes Neeko’s stream came to a stop as the last few drops of pee made its way onto the forest floor.

“Wow, Neeko you really had to go didn’t you”. Zoe asked, now off Neeko’s back and on the ground

“Yes, Neeko has been drinking healing potions and elixir ever since the fight at Red Buff!”, a relieved Neeko replied.

“Neeko asks why Zoe does not have clothes on, Neeko remembers seeing Zoe with clothes on?” The chameleon asks Zoe.

Zoe was obviously a bit flustered about this question since she had almost forgotten that she was naked. This caused her face to blush pretty hard.

“You wouldn’t believe this but basically, I really needed to pee so I did but then Lux came and yada yada you know all that stuff I fell over, pee got my clothes, I took them off so I made a portal over Lux and started peeing on her!” Zoe replied, almost proud that she had managed to pee on Lux.

“So Zoe played the rest of the game without clothes?” Neeko asked.

“Well it was near the end of the game and Lux and I are both girls, so what to hide.” Zoe replied “I have to go now to find some new clothes but I’ll see you later”. A portal appeared beneath her feet and the naked goddess disappeared without a trace.

Author’s Note: Thanks for reading part 2, I really enjoyed writing this one. Part 3 will probably come out in a few days. I’ve got a rough idea of what it's going to be but still not sure yet.

If anyone has any cool ideas or things they want to see in future parts comment below and I’ll try to fit them into the story. An aspect's desperation is now over 1k words so that's cool. This part of the story was inspired by this photo found on r34.

*004*2021-12-11 02:11

Part 3: Lux’s Revenge

Lux had not forgotten that day where she was drenched in Zoe’s pee. Not only did she have to continue fighting in pee soaked armour, which greatly tampered with her magical abilities, but her teammate Bard was too focused admiring the exposed parts of his fellow deity Zoe since she was naked, to focus on the match which ultimately caused their team to lose. After the match had ended Lux swore to get revenge.

One Week Later

According to Neeko, it was said that Zoe often comes to a spot deep in the forest to relieve herself after each game. Knowing this knowledge Lux had purposefully decided not to participate in this match but instead, made her way through the forest. The forest seemed to stretch on endlessly and at some point Lux believed that she would never find the right spot. Despite this, Lux continued to venture through the forest hoping to find out whether or not Neeko told the truth. After about a half hour of walking, water which Lux drank to cool her down had collected in her bladder. It was time to go.

“Ughh, these tights are so annoying to remove!” Lux exclaimed, frantically trying to take off her garments before the dam broke. After a short while she was able to remove them by first taking off her armour. Immediately as she squatted down, a stream of pee began exiting her body as it soaked into the ground below.

“That was too close!” a relieved Lux moaned, as her bladder slowly emptied. After the short break to empty her bladder, Lux continued deep into the forest, eventually reaching a clearing.

“This has got to be it!” an excited Lux exclaimed as the clearing she found perfectly matched Neeko’s description. It was a circular clearing surrounded by trees with nothing but a fallen log. Lux had found it and now all that was left to do was to wait for Zoe’s arrival. After about 5 minutes of waiting Lux heard cheering from the arena, the match had ended, Zoe couldn’t be far now. Lux had now layed down on the ground hidden by the log, awaiting the arrival of Zoe. Soon enough a yellow portal appeared in the middle of the clearing as a desperate Zoe lept out.

“Ohhhh, I gotta pee so bad! My jungler was so bad, I had to drink almost double the amount of potions I normally do!” Zoe exclaimed, her hands buried deep in her crotch as she was clearly on the verge of bursting. It was here that Lux took her chance and knocked out the desperate Zoe.

“W-Whe-W-Where am I?” A groggy Zoe asked. Coming to her senses she realised that her pants were off and she was tied up by her belt. She didn’t think much of it until a sharp pain came from her bladder.

“Ohhh, I still gotta pee but if I pee right now it will get all over my legs!” Neeko exclaimed desperately trying to remove the belly toes around her legs but to no avail.

“I guess you just have to hold it don’t ya!” Lux teased.

“Oh Lux, thank the stars please help me take this belt off so I can pee, I’ve gotta go so badly!” Zoe asked, squirming and letting out soft whimpers.

“No no Zoe you don’t get it do you I’m not untying you!” Lux teased.

“What? Please help me Lux, I'm desperate!” Zoe begged longing to release the pent up pee from her bladder.

“Remember that time you peed all over me, well let's call this revenge!” Lux stated before sitting down on the log watching the desperate goddess.

“No please Lux, I’m sorry please help me I’m about to pee myself!” Zoe pleaded but Lux did not respond. By now Zoe couldn’t keep still and was constantly shaking around while letting out loud whimpers. Her hands were now irremovable from her crotch. However, no matter how hard her hands were buried, it didn’t stop the spurts of pee making its way out of her bladder. These spurts grew larger and larger and more common and after another 5 minutes her bladder gave in. Pee started shooting out of Zoe drenching her legs in a powerful spray.

“Ohhhhh, Finally!” Zoe moaned as hours worth of pee poured endlessly out of her poor pussy. By the time she was done peeing, her legs and feet were now swimming in an ocean of pee.

By now Lux had already disappeared. But Zoe was not letting Lux get away that easily.

…

