She-Ra and the Princesses Of Power - Catradora Wettings

Author: Tom Hayfield

*000*2022-03-03 18:06

(SPOILERS FOR THE END OF SHE-RA AND THE PRINCESS OF POWER. THIS STORY IS SET AFTER S5, E13. ALL CHARACTERS IN THIS FANFICTION ARE OVER 18+ AND ARE NOT MY PROPERTY. I'M JUST A FAN. )

Part I: Selfless Desperation

'What a day' moaned Catra, falling face first onto the bed, as Adora smiled beside her.

'Tell me about it'.

The two of them had been assisting Queen Glimmer and King Bow; recently married, in the rebuilding efforts of Bright Moon. With the Heart of Etheria freed from First Ones restraint and purged of Horde Prime's virus, magic had been flourishing and after six months of peace, Etheria had seen a boom in the number of sorcerers and the magic available to them. It aided greatly in the reconstruction efforts of the kingdoms but even so, all those new people needed training and Glimmer, Micah, Castaspella and others were hard pressed to do that and handle the day-to-day efforts of rebuilding. Naturally, Adora had volunteered; selflessly sacrificing her desired 'Best Friends Squad Roadtrip' for the time being, as Catra knew she would. She'd teased Adora for hero complex but in truth, she was glad to assist.

Catra still felt deeply ashamed of her actions as part of the Horde and being able to take part in something good, repairing the damage she'd done: It helped to right a lot of wrongs. They'd been working with Kyle, Rogelio and Lonnie; who Catra had profusely apologised to for her treatment of some time ago, in order to demolish Horde Prime's spires near Selineas and clear away the rubble. It had been long, back-breaking work; even with She-Ra's assistance, and Catra's muscles felt like someone had replaced them with soggy ration bars.

'I don't ever want to get out of this bed'.

'Maybe we shouldn't' said Adora teasingly, rubbing Catra's shoulders, causing her to purr affectionately.

'How are you not collapsed as well? You worked ten times as hard as everyone else'.

'I have the power' pointed out Adora.

'No, I know She-Ra doesn't give you that much of an energy boost. You must still be exhausted'.

'I am pretty tired' admitted Adora, clicking one of her shoulder muscles; grunting in relief, before pressing the same spot on Catra's back.

The feline purred even louder but this time, didn't allow herself to sink into the pleasure, turning to look at Adora.

'Why are you still helping me relax then?'.

'Because I love you'.

Even now, hearing those words was like nothing else Catra had ever experienced. It sent chills running down her spine, yet filled her heart with warmth. In her core, she felt a sudden dampness; the first tinges of lust, yet it was in her mismatched eyes where she showed the most emotion. Tears formed and Adora's smile widened to see them, which only increased the feelings.

'I love you too' said Catra genuinely, pulling Adora down on top of her as they kissed for several seconds. Catra's tail stroked Adora's leg, as the two women held each other close; the world forgotten, as they enjoyed this moment of tranquil peace.

'Even so' said Catra, finally breaking apart the kiss; despite Adora's pouting. 'You need to rest too'.

'I will'.

'No, you won't' said Catra knowingly. 'You'd have worked all night to clear the rubble if I hadn't told you it was time to stop'.

'I would not!' she protested, though somewhat feebly, as Adora knew Catra was uncomfortably close to the truth.

'You would and we both know it' declared Catra, before flipping Adora onto her back.

'Hey! What are you doing?'.

'I'm going to look after you tonight. You're always helping other people... and me' admitted Catra, smiling fondly at a hundred wonderful memories of the last six months. 'You're taking a break, I don't want you doing anything for others for the rest of the night'.

'But-'.

'-No arguments. Don't make me go and get Sparkles to give you a direct order'.

Adora sighed grumpily, realising she was beaten. Catra smiled smugly and extended her claws, slowly cutting down the back of Adora's jacket.

'Hey!'.

'Calm down, you've got a whole closet full of them. I still don't get that by the way. You were part of the rebellion for ages and your friends with the queen. Did they never offer to get you some other clothes, besides Horde Gear?'.

'They did' admitted Adora, as Catra frowned.

'Then why do you still wear them?'.

'I... I felt ashamed at first, of what I'd been a part of' said Adora, as Catra felt the touch of old bitterness; from when her best friend had abandoned the Horde. 'I didn't think I deserved to hide that. But after a while, I wanted to keep wearing it. I wanted Etheria to see those colours, the symbols and know that... that it didn't have to be something that was only bad. I wanted to inspire people, to show them that people from the Horde could change. Like I did. Like I knew you could'.

Catra was silent for a moment as she finished cutting through Adora's red jacket.

'Does that make sense?'.

'For you it does. You're so damn selfless even what you wear is for other people's sake'.

Adora blushed, then felt a sudden chill as Catra lifted her white undershirt up and kissed her back. She moaned in pleasure, before Catra cut that shirt to ribbons as well. Once Adora's back was completely exposed, Catra's hands began to gently rub against Adora's muscles. Adora moaned in relief, as the day's tensions began to leave her body. Catra meanwhile could feel her netherfur starting to get damp. Even her girlfriend's back was arousing to her: Toned, scarred; more than a few from her, though not all of them were bad.

She fondly ran her tail along one that she'd given Adora when clawing her back after the celebratory party that had been held two weeks after Horde Prime's destruction. A dozen pleasurable images passed through her mind, such as shoving Adora against one of the hallways of the castle and sliding her fingers inside her tight trousers. Adora had blushed like crazy during the whole thing; afraid to be caught, yet she had been the one by the end who was begging Catra to continue. The feline smiled as she purred with pleasure. Tonight was going to be a wonderful night.

Adora for her part was relishing this moment. As much as she carried the weight of the world on her shoulders, being with Catra made her feel as light as a feather and she had done wonders for her self-esteem in the months since they had confessed their love for each other. Adora no longer had nightmares about people abandoning her if she lost the powers of She-Ra again, nor cried in private if others had to do something for her that she was unable to. Even so, Adora still had some ways to go in terms of a completely healthy hero-life balance, which she realised as she began to squirm from a painful pang in her bladder; groaning in annoyance.

'What's up? Did I something wrong?' asked Catra worriedly.

'No, no, of course not!' said Adora quickly. 'I just need to use the bathroom'.

'Ohhh, okay... wait a minute!' said Catra suspiciously, as Adora squirmed in desperation and confusion; wondering why Catra hadn't gotten off her yet.

'What is it?'.

'I didn't see you use the bathroom once when we were around Selineas and I know you're too much of a hero to go in the ocean'.

'What?! Of course I did' lied Adora, unconvincingly; as she started to squirm even more, her need rapidly growing now that Catra had relaxed her other muscles.

Catra's eyes narrowed, then widened in realisation.

'You haven't relieved yourself all day?!'.

Adora blushed bright red.

'There was work to be done and the others were struggling and-' Catra silenced Adora by placing a single finger to her lips.

'How did you survive this long without me?'.

Instead of laughing, Adora looked Catra right in the eyes and smiled faintly.

'I don't know'.

Catra gasped with emotion and pulled Catra into another passionate kiss; the two women rolling over the bed as they both fought to dominate the other, though Catra gained the upperhand and was soon on top. Adora might have fought harder but her bladder was extremely full; more than she had realised in her exhausted state, and she was still squirming desperately.

'Catra, please... I don't want to stop but I really need to go. Just give me two minutes'.

'No'.

Adora looked at Catra in shock, who was looking into Adora's eyes with a playful but firm expression.

'Catra, stop messing around, I-'.

'-Why do you want to go?' asked Catra.

'What do you mean, why? Doesn't it speak for itself?!'.

'You just told me you don't want to stop' said Catra. 'So that means, the only reason you're stopping is for other people's sake; again'.

'What?! How?'.

'Simple. You don't want to get the bed wet, because someone else will have to wash it. The same for your clothes, though, I wouldn't be surprised if you refused to allow other people to do it'.

Adora blushed again. Catra sighed.

'Of course. So, why do you want to get up if you can just wash these later?'.

Adora couldn't believe she was having this debate and rapidly sensed she was running out of time to win it, as she continued to squirm. She tried to push Catra off but the feline grabbed her wrists and held her down. She could have transformed into She-Ra but Adora would never do that to win an argument.

'I'll get you wet. You hate being wet'.

Catra shrugged.

'If its the ocean or a river or... a water spray' muttered Catra, silently cursing Netossa. 'From you, I don't care'.

Adora stared in shock.

'Well... I don't want to have an accident. I'm a woman, not some little kid'.

'You told me you want to stay here... with me' said Catra, whispering those last two words into Adora's ears as she whimpered with desperation and lust. 'And I don't want to stop for any longer. I told you that this night is about you'.

Adora tried to respond but found she couldn't as Catra's lips began working their way down her chest; kissing over and around her breasts, suckling them gently, making Adora whimper in delight.

'You just do whatever you have to. But I'm not letting you out of this bed'.

Adora moaned in pleasure as Catra continued to plesure her body, the feline's tail teasing between her legs as her lips kissed her breasts and her hands groped her bum. Even so, within a few minutes, Adora knew she couldn't keep holding on. Catra was nothing if not thorough, she wouldn't let Adora leave until every part of her body had been pleasured and if she felt on the verge of losing control now, she knew there was no way she'd be able to hold on through the orgasm she knew was building deep within her.

'Catra please... I'm desperate. You need to let me go'.

'Nope'.

Her girlfriend's stubborn refusal made her groan in frustration, which only served to make Catra giggle; before pushing her back against the bed. Deviously, Catra then flipped Adora on top but kept a firm grip on her hands, as Adora's eyes widened in embarrassment.

'Catra please... I'm going to wet myself. I'll soak you'.

'Just get it over with then!' laughed Catra. 'You'll feel better afterwards'.

Adora tried to hold on but it was no use. Squirming furiously, there was no escape and her restraints began to fail. Her trousers were too tight, her bladder too full, she'd had too many drinks while working and Catra holding her hands down meant that she couldn't use them to help hold on. It was hopeless and suddenly, she gasped, as she felt her control shatter.

Adora, She-Ra of Etheria and Princess of Power, best friend to Queen Glimmer of Bright Moon and King Bow, Techmaster of Bright Moon, the rebellion's greatest hero, the last of the First Ones, the Destroyer of the Horde, Slayer of Horde Prime and universally acclaimed symbol of freedom throughout the universe... began to wet herself.

Unlike many others, it was an all-or-nothing affair for Adora. There had been no leaks, no spurts or dribbles beforehand; her ironclad control would not allow it. By the same extension, once she lost control, there was truly no stopping it and Catra watched in awe as her best friend and lover began to soak her trousers, watching a dark wet patch form around her crotch and quickly expand down both legs; slowly forming a puddle on the bed. Adora moaned in relief, yet had turned completely red with embarrassment; her eyes glittering with emotion, as she realised she was having the first accident she'd had since she was five years old.

Catra giggled; kissing her girlfriend's neck.

'This is the cutest thing I've ever seen'.

As it continued however; for Adora had been holding on for almost 13 hours straight and there was a lot to get out, Catra felt a bolt of arousal shoot straight down to her core and make her feel weak in the knees. She realised immediately why it was turning her on so much. All her life, Adora had been a symbol of control, discipline and strength for Catra. Even as an enemy, these qualities had made her the most interesting challenge Catra had ever faced; as well as the most emotional. Watching Adora lose that normal control that was so effortless for her, Catra realised that Adora wetting herself was one of the hottest things she could ever imagine and right now, it was playing out before her. Her strong, proud, heroic girlfriend was completely wetting the bed. Catra let out a deep purr as her whole body trembled with pleasure.

Adora was also starting to feel similarly turned on, though for very different reasons. As someone who willingly chose to try and wrap their arms around the world, to protect everyone from as many evils as possible, Adora was endlessly kind but also, consistently stressed. There was always someone that needed saving, something that needed doing and Adora was always the first to volunteer to help. That kind of commitment required constant strength and control, which while Adora was proud of that in herself, it was also tiring and there were times she craved for a long break.

Relaxing with her friends or Catra helped towards that, yet wetting herself like this was a physical release of that stress unlike anything she'd ever felt. It was like she was abandoning her responsibilities, her control; letting herself be weak and vulnerable, yet in a place where it was with the woman she loved more than anything. That unwinding of her normal control, with the person she knew wanted to see that for her more than anyone, left Adora's body shuddering with arousal.

Adora's trousers were now drenched and the puddle around her was enormous, as the two women looked into each other's eyes. They both saw it immediately; unable to hide it. Both were turned on and; with Adora still halfway through wetting herself, they came together in a kiss that made that previous passion look utterly lifeless. Adora began to tear the bindings off of Catra's outfit, while Catra's hand slipped down and began massaging her girlfriend's sopping wet clit as she continued to pee her pants.

'Oh Catra' moaned Adora, as Catra growled with lust and began to finger Adora; pee streaming through her fingers, as her girlfriend yelled with delight.

'Catra, please don't stop' moaned Adora, as Catra's fingers continued to delight her as her accident began to reach its end.

'I won't.

'Promise?'.

'I promise'.

Catra's fingers only increased in their pleasure-giving, sliding inside her love's soaking wet pussy; just as her accident concluded. Adora and Catra were now in a bed drenched with pee, yet both had never felt more excited in their lives; with Catra even using her other hand to desperately play with herself, completely overcome by lust. The two women moaned and kissed and played with each other, building the lust between them in their soaked clothes, until both of them were glowing with pleasure.

'Catra... I can't...' said Adora, right on the edge.

'Its okay Adora... let go'.

Adora didn't need to be told twice and let out a scream that would have woken half the castle, if Catra hadn't chosen that moment to kiss her. The orgasm rocking Adora's body was immense, causing her hips to thrust wildly as the sight of her girlfriend's body in ecstasy and her roaming tongue finally pushed Catra over the edge too. Her orgasm was nearly as powerful and the two women moaned in wet delight, excited beyond anything they had ever felt, as their bodies joined in mutual delight. Their tongues fought hungrily inside each other's mouth, their hands slipped over wet clothes and breasts that were hard with pleasure and the knots of tension that had released when the fell over the edge: That was enough to bathe in a warm afterglow together for several blissful minutes afterwards. For a while, neither said anything; simply holding each other, until Catra sighed with pleasure, staring up at the ceiling.

'Wow!' said Catra.

'Yeah... wow!' agreed Adora.

The two knew they would be trying this again very soon, both shooting each other lustful glances at the shared thought. Rather than articulate that, they simply held each other close and smiled.

'I love you' said Adora warmly.

'I love you too... so, what are we going to do about this bed? I think I overestimated it. The mattress is soaked through' admitted Catra, giggling.

Adora looked over the bed and blushed at the damage she'd inflicted.

'It looks like I really needed to go!' laughed Adora.

'You look so cute when you're embarrassed'.

'I don't think I'll be able to clean this'.

Catra looked incredulous.

'You're not seriously going to ask someone else to?'.

'Of course not! This bed is a write off! I'll just set it on fire'.

Catra stared blanky.

'Huh?'.

'Well, I do a lot of training in here. I'll just say I accidentally threw my She-Ra sword at the bed while it was on fire, then ask for a new one. Glimmer will understand'.

'You're asking for something... are you sure you're feeling okay?'.

Adora rolled her eyes, stripping off her wet trousers and throwing them into a corner of the room; where she'd wash them later. Catra purred at the sight of her girlfriend's wet bottom, watching tendrils of pee still running down the back of her legs from her soaked red underwear. Moments later, she pulled them off too, as Catra smirked.

'Looking good Adora'.

Her girlfriend smiled; winking playfully at her, before raising her hand as a sword appeared.

'For the honour of Grayskull!'.

(This is an ongoing series. If you're interested in commissioning me to write something for you, just drop me a message)

*002*2022-03-09 19:41

{{18 minutes ago, Jessie Jammis said:

One day while watching the She-Ra episodes, I imagined something like this happening to her, but this story really made me live it...

Thank you very much for sharing Tom...

}}

Thank you so much Jessie, that's super kind of you to say and I'm glad I could do that for you.

