Kid Icarus: Dripping Wings

Author: TheIcarusKid

*000*2012-12-08 14:51

Hi thar :3

I'm new here, and I would like to share my ideas and stuff with omorashi fanatics like myself. I decided I'd do a Kid Icarus Uprising fic, because it's my favourite game atm :) and I would recommend it to anyone.

I'm not sure where in the game I'm setting this, but definatley somewhere after Dark Pit is created.

I will update this story when I get the time, but if I reach a block, I will write about something related, but not the same.

Before you guys start reading this, it contains mostly MALE charries in these situations. There also isn't really any wetting in this part, but I will put in more as this story progresses.

Enjoy~

###

Killing Underworld monsters is never an easy job. Although, Pit may make it look easy, but it really isn't.

Especially today. He had other things on his mind in this certain land battle.

"How many more, Lady Palutena?" He questioned, killing a Monoeye by striking it with his First Blade.

"I'm...not sure. They just keep on coming and coming and-" Palutena was cut off.

"I get it, at least you're not fighting them yourself."

"Is it really that bad?"

"It's distracting! I'm half focused here! Can't you bring down any Centurions?"

Pit was referring to his bladder. He hadn't been to the toilet whilst in Skyworld, and left telling Palutena until he was in an air battle.

He wasn't desperate, but his body was telling him to find somewhere to go. He had to ignore these instincts for the sake of the town's people.

"I'm sorry Pit. They're not built for a long hard battle, unlike you." Palutena replied, sounding a little concerned. "Can you hold it?"

"Yeah, I think so."

"Tell me if it gets worse. I don't want that tunic getting ruined."

Pit had been fighting on land for just about a half hour, and the baddies didn't seem to be depleting as fast as his needs were growing.

He wasn't sure whether he could hold it or not.

"That, and it'd be embarrassing..." Pit said, throwing away his now broken First Blade, and pulling out his trademark Sacred Bow.

He lifted his lower body into the air as a projectile aimed at his crotch was fired.

He shoved his hands into his crotch, and held his thighs close, as that movement had put some pressure onto his bladder.

"Pit, are you okay?!"

"Y-yeah..."

He returned into his "firing stance" and let loose an arrow at the plant-like Mik creature.

He looked around, and realized that there were only some Monoeyes, Miks and two unarmed Skuttlers left.

"I can handle these!" Pit yelled, charging at the group of Miks.

He slashed at them with his bow, still very aware of the increasing pain in his bladder.

"H-help!" A little girl's voice screamed.

Pit looked in the direction of the cry, and noticed the Skuttlers attempting to corner somthing.

As he ran in their direction, the Monoeyes surrounded him.

Using the Heavenly Light power up, he was surrounded by a beautiful spotlight, which killed off the Monoeyes slowly. He shot arrows at the ones flying away, until they disappeared into a purple mist.

A shockwave ran through Pit's body, and he doubled over, holding his lower abdomen.

Time was running out fast.

"S-still kickin'," He uttered, pulling himself up.

He'd been fighting for fifty minutes now. The strain was horrible. His bladder was aching, and his urethra was starting to throb.

"Pit...I can take you back now if you want." Palutena said, watching her angel with worried eyes.

"No, I have to save that little girl!"

Throwing a Meteor Shower at the Skuttlers, he made short work of them.

He ran over to the little girl, and scooped her up in his arms.

As he ran behind a stone arch, a heavy thud filled the town, as two giant Clubberskulls landed in the centre.

He looked down at the little girl, who had a very wet patch on the crotch of her brown dress.

"No..." he moaned, holding his crotch.

He was getting very desperate. His legs rubbed together, his body shivered, his urethra throbbed violently, and his bladder was been stabbed.

Ten minutes, his mind told him.

To defeat two Clubberskulls? Not enough time.

"Stay." He said, walking out of the arch towards the Clubberskulls.

Clubberskulls weren't a pretty looking enemy, they were like hearts. Not the cutetsy, cartoon hearts, they're like real human hearts. With arms, an eye and a taste for angels.

These were slightly different from normal Clubberskull's though; they were twice the size, and were a sickly yellow colour.

"I'd pull you out Pit, but you need to defeat those Clubberskulls. Can you-"

"I'll try my best." Pit replied in a weak, yet bitter tone.

Punching and kicking were totally out of the equation, and his arrows would do very little damage.

Time for a barrage of power ups.

The first Clubberskull burnt as he threw a burning explosion at it, and was shocked by the mega laser, it's health was depleting, but not fast enough.

The second was almost completely oblivious, until Pit used his three last mega lasers on it.

It died after about a minute, which left Pit to defeat the other.

He couldn't, there wasn't enough time.

"I-I'm begging for you to take care of that Clubberskull, Lady Palutena, I-I really can't hold it any longer!"

"It's okay, I understand."

Pit ran back behind the arch as he unzipped his fly and let it all loose. He leaned his head on the stone wall as he got his well deserved relax.

However, he was crying, he was horribly embarrassed, she was probably watching him do this.

"I'm sorry..."

"Light Wipe-out...GO!"

The Clubberskull disappeared in a flash of light. The town was safe.

However, Pit couldn't have been any less prepared for the coming impact from behind.

"What's up, Pit-stain?" the dark angel hissed, thrusting his arm into Pit's neck.

"A-Ah, n-now's really not the time for this, Pitoo!"

"Oh really, and why's that?"

Pit didn't have to answer that, as his urethra relaxed involutarily, and a fine stream of warm, gold urine hit Pitoo's sandal.

Pitoo let go of Pit's neck, and stumbled backwards, as a feeling of euphoria swept over him.

"A-ah..." he moaned, his hands covering his protruding crotch.

Pit started to float in the air for a few seconds, and he closed his zipper whilst given the opportunity. He wasn't done yet though.

"I'm bringing you back to my temple, Pit." Palutena said, using her powers to lift the angel to Skyworld.

###

...And that's that! Please leave feedback if you loved, liked or disliked!

*004*2012-12-17 18:08

Hi again guys :3

Here is a new part to continue this. I'm sorry it's short and for the long wait, I am a busy bee~

Enjoy~

###

Suddenly, Pit was in the temple's main hallway, standing next to the holographic stairway. Palutena was running towards him, arms out stretched.

"Oh Pit, thank goodness you're okay!" she said, hugging the tense angel.

He wanted to answer, saying that he wasn't okay, but instead trembled in his place, afraid that any movement could cause him to lose control.

"You did great to last long down there, especially against those Clubberskulls. Now, I'll have to find a way to reward you..."

She started to walk off, completely oblivious to his discomfort.

Pit took a step forward, but stopped as a spurt wettened his skin tight shorts.

His bladder throbbed at the same rate as his heart beat; fast and full of agony.

He start to shake more as he used all of his diminishing willpower to stop the flood. Tears dripped from his eyes, and he took shaky deep breaths.

"Aha! I know what... What's that sound?"

Around and under Pit was a golden puddle starting to form. A distinct yet quiet hissing was coming from his direction, and he sobbed as his bladder started to empty once again.

"Pit! Y-you're...I...What do you think you're doing!?" Palutena snapped, looking at her distressed angel.

His tunic was soaked, and urine dripped off it at the edges. His legs were sticky and his sandals soggy. He was still sobbing, but had started to look up at Palutena with a face that screamed "betrayal" and "hurt".

"Oh no Pit, I-"

He stormed off, pushing her out of the way, still sobbing.

"Pit!"

She ran after him, realizing that he had entered the hot spring room.

The door slammed shut right in front of her face, and she knocked on furiously.

"Pit! You can't go in there, it's a hot spring!"

He couldn't have cared less about what the room was. It could've been his bedroom and he still would have used it as a lavatory.

"Just leave me alone..." He uttered sharply, sitting down in the hot spring.

Palutena looked at the door guiltily. This was all her fault.

"I'm sorry." she said.

###

Thank you all for feedback! So glad you like it so far~

*005*2012-12-27 08:12

Things get really weird in this part.

By weird I mean Dark Pit.

By Dark Pit I mean genderswap.

Very little wetting in this'un, but I wanted to get this part of the plot in.

Based of chapter 6 in the game.

Enjoy~

###

"Why won't you leave us alone!?" Pit shouted as his doppelganger attempted to attack him.

"What's in it for me?" the dark angel hissed in an almost flirtatious manner.

"I don't understand why he's attacking us both." Medusa questioned.

"Me either. He should be on your side."

Pit blocked another attack, and hit his counterpart hard on the head, who winced in pain.

"Ouch, that actually hurt."

"Good, because your history!"

Pit punched him hard in the stomach, and tossed him down with a lot of force.

Dark Pit screamed as he fell to the ground with a painful thud.

The angel landed, and watched as Dark Pit pulled himself up.

"You'd better not run, you'd better not hide! It seems as though your losing your pride!" he sang cheerfully.

Dark Pit picked up his Silver Bow, and his legs trembled. He seemed to hold a pained, yet callous, expression.

He launched a fury of bows at Pit, who dodged them with ease.

"Too slow!"

He used his charged shot, and then dropped his weapon. His arm was tired, and he needed to find a secluded spot. Without Pit.

"Does Pitoo kind of look like he needs to...?" Palutena's voice drifted off.

"Why yes he does." Medusa replied.

The duo were fighting near a beat-up temple, which had hearts and wings engraved onto it. There was also a fountain further up, which was well hidden.

Palutena recognized the area immediately.

"Wasn't this..."

"We need to get them out of here, or it'll be yaoi galore."

Pit charged at his counterpart, who almost dodged his attack.

Dark Pit was knocked backwards, and hit his head on one of the stone pillars.

He curled up into a ball, hands between his legs which were clamped together tightly. The urge was getting bad now, he was starting to get turned on by his own desperation.

"Pitooey! Oh little Pitooey! Where'd you go?" Pit called, pretending not to see his mirror clone.

He had noticed the dark angel's discomfort, and planned on using it to his advantage.

"Pit, we should go." Palutena urged.

"What? Why? Is something wrong?"

Dark Pit decided to make a move, and Pit followed in his footsteps.

"Hey wait up you shmuck!!" he yelled angrily.

Dark Pit fell down a well purposely, and watched his lighter half run off into the distance.

Sitting down on a rock, he started to catch his breath back.

He sighed happily as he relaxed; his black shorts slowly becoming damp as he relieved himself, not noticing the womanly, ghost-like figure behind him.

"Surprise!" Pit exclaimed, pointing a newly found staff at Dark Pit, who yelped.

He ran into a tunnel, which split into two different tunnels a little while after.

Dark Pit took the left, whilst Pit took the right.

"You've gone the wrong way!" Palutena screamed as Pit looked around for his doppelganger.

"Drat! Where did he go?"

"To the fountain, but you shouldn't-"

"On my way!"

Pit found a crumbling stair case which did indeed lead to the fountain.

And once again, Dark Pit was soaking his clothes whilst moaning quietly.

It was so warm compared to the cold atmosphere, and he had waited so long to feel the relief in his own way.

"He's peeing himself." Pit said lowly in a confused tone. "That's just weird."

"You shouldn't approach him near there, Pit! That's-"

"Pitoo!" He yelled, jumping up into the air. "We came here to- what?!"

Dark Pit suddenly looked really feminine, and Pit saw a womanly mist circle around the fountain.

Backing up, he fell down the hill, thoroughly confused.

"Pit, that's Aphrodite's fountain." Palutena said as her angel went back up the hill. "The goddess of love."

Rumour was that Aphrodite died long ago, yet her spirit still wanders around her temple and fountain.

Any two persons who dared set foot on her terrain were destined to fall in love.

Pit gasped as he set his eyes on Dark Pit.

His clothes looked a little baggier around the waist, and there was no bulge in his crotch. The top of his tunic seemed to stick out more, and his eyelashes were more noticeable.

He was no longer a he.

He was now a her.

*006*2013-01-02 22:09

Happy Belated New Years!!

I'm a terrible comedian, but I managed to make myself laugh with just one simple line on this part XD

(also, first time I tried to describe bedwetting, so bear in mind that this part may be crap compared to the others)

Enjoy~

###

Pit rubbed his eyes in disbelief.

Had Dark Pit really transformed into a girl? It certainly seemed like it.

He looked at his counterpart again; Dark Pit's chest had definatley expanded more, and his figure was quite curvy.

"Lady Palutena...what the hell just happened?" Pit said cautiously.

His goddess didn't answer, and neither did Medusa.

"Hello?" Dark Pit questioned, looking around for her lighter half.

"H-hey! Pitoo-"

"Shhhhh..." a soft, silky voice soothed to Pit as a misty hand covered his mouth.

Pit darted off, wanting to get away from the confusion.

Unfortunately, Dark Pit decided to follow him.

"Wait! Mister!" she cried, unable to keep up with the angel.

Pit suddenly stopped behind a pillar, realizing that he couldn't stop squirming or stand without bouncing his legs.

But he didn't feel like he had to-

"Mister!" Dark Pit exclaimed once she found the angel.

Pit became aware of a wet warmth that started to surround his crotch area as he stood, frozen in shock.

"Ah, I'm sorry mister!" she cried, tears falling from her eyes. "I didn't know y-you..."

She doubled over, holding back her own flood. Dark Pit's memory was shattered; she couldn't remember anything of what happened previously.

Her bladder had retained it's previous state; bulging and ready to burst. She hadn't noticed until now.

Pit's knees buckled, and he fell to the floor. He couldn't feel anything, aside from the wetness which was starting to turn cold.

He was looking up at Dark Pit's contorted face, which was bright red and had tears streaming from her eyes. She was staring right at him with confused, crimson eyes, as Pit's world faded to black, and the only sound he could hear was the hiss of her wetting.

Pit moaned as he woke up feeling rather groggy. The last thing he remembered was seeing two feminine, crimson eyes and-

He sat up quickly, and felt around his bedding and covers, which were cold and soggy. His sleeping tunic was soaked and clung to his skin, and the left side of his body was wet from sleeping in the liquid.

He felt sick; the whole room reeked of urine.

He stood up to inspect the damage: where his lower abdomen had been was the largest wet patch he had ever witnessed. There were also small puddles next to the low bed where the urine had been dripping off.

"Oh no..." He uttered, starting to cry a little bit.

He had become aware of his bladder again. He wasn't empty, and what made it worse was what could stop him from emptying:

Morning wood.

Rushing to the curtain which separated his room from Palutena's, Pit tripped over numerous bottles before reaching the goddess.

"L-Lady Palute-tena! Wake up!" He cried, shaking her furiously.

She turned over to face him, a bottle of wine in her hand. Her eyes were glazed and she had a sweet smile of unawareness on her face.

Her freehand stroked Pit's face, who couldn't stop bouncing from foot to foot.

"P-Pitto...is that you baby?" she slurred, breath stinking of alchohol.

"Lady Palutena, I-I"

"Oh, what's that?"

She noticed the bump on his wet tunic.

"Is that a weapon in your pocket or are you just pleased to see me?" She teased.

"No no no, Lady Palutena, I-"

He keeled over, hands shoved between his legs and a face glowing red.

"You don't need to be embarassed, Pit." Palutena soothed, pulling him up. "It's natural."

"No, Lady Palutena! It's not what you think it is!"

"Shhh..."

She tried to reach out for him, but Pit instead backed up until he hit the wall.

He didn't want her to touch him, just in case.

"You don't need to be shy, Pit." She said, as her hands wrapped around the bulge.

"Lady Palutena! I really need to-"

Pit cut himself off, as his bladder relaxed involuntarily and urine squirted from his member, which was covered only at the tip by his tunic.

Palutena's hands retreated, and she suddenly became sober.

"Oh, oh my, Pit." she gasped as the floor turned golden yellow around the angel. "I...I'm sorry. I didn't realize..."

He didn't reply.

He instead sobbed and trembled violently.

He was in so much pain.

Both physical and mental.

###

Expect an extra tommorrow~

