That time you helped me pee

Author: tuvalie

*000*2023-08-15 17:55

So here it is! My first story I post here. I hope you like it! I'm always open to feedback but please be kind 🙈 ❤️

"Alright, let's hit the road," you said excitedly as you started the car, put it in gear, and we rolled away. I was actually also quite excited about our camping trip, even though I wasn't much of an outdoorsy person. It was going to be really cozy to be out in the woods with you, sleeping in a tent, cooking on a camp stove, maybe doing a bit of fishing. But first, we needed to get there, and it wasn't going to happen in a minute. A four hour road trip followed by an hour-long hike in the forest awaited us before we would reach the clearing by a small lake that we had found while searching maps for good camping spots.

I had only had an energy drink for breakfast and it was starting to catch up with me. We were about 20 minutes into our 4-hour journey, and I was already in need of a bathroom break. I hated to admit that I needed to use the restroom; I always felt embarrassed about it. Even more embarrassed though, I felt about the fact that I was embarrassed to tell you about something as natural as needing to pee.

An hour and a half had passed since we left home, two and a half hours to go. I was starting to get worried. My need to pee was getting worse and worse much faster than the rate at which we were approaching our destination. I so desperately wanted to tell you that I needed to pee, but I just couldn't get the words out. It was like a mental block. Trying to discreetly hold it was becoming almost unbearable. I sat up straight, with my butt at the back of the seat and my back against the backrest. Didn't you need to go to the bathroom soon? I thought as I crossed my legs and leaned forward a little to create some pressure against my crotch. If you had time to observe me now, you would have definitely noticed that I needed to pee, but since you were driving and could only glance at me briefly in your peripheral vision, you didn't notice anything.

Sitting forward with crossed legs actually seemed to help to alleviate the increasing urge to pee. But after a while, it didn't help much. My heart sank when I realized that only half an hour had passed since I crossed my legs. There were still two hours to go followed by an hour of hiking in the forest. The urgency to pee came in waves, sometimes feeling manageable, but at times causing me to get increasingly anxious about if I was going to be able to hold it.

I decided to try to sleep for a while to pass the time. I leaned my head against the window. Outside, the world whizzed by, the passing scenery no longer registering in my mind. My focus was solely on the relentless urgency that consumed my thoughts.

"Think about something else," I told myself, but my thoughts were fixated on the idea of letting go of the clenching and just allowing everything to pour out of me. I closed my eyes and tried to daydream about other scenarios.

I opened the door to the bathroom and ran towards the toilet, but it only kept getting farther away the more I ran. I gave up, I stopped where I was, spread my legs, and began to pee. I was naked, so there were no clothes to pull down. Never had it felt so good to pee... Suddenly, I woke up. Panicked, I frantically slammed my hand between my legs and pressed against my crotch. It was about to happen; I was about to lose control of my bladder. I clenched every muscle in my genital area, squeezing my fists as a few drops of warm pee escaped into my white lace panties. I managed to regain control; I wasn't going to have an accident, at least for now.

"Are you okay?" you asked after seeing me almost wet myself in your peripheral vision.

"Yeah, I'm fine, I just thought I dropped my phone, but it landed between my legs," I lied. I'm not sure if you believed me, but I don't think you realized that I had to pee because you didn't say anything about it after that.

I checked the time, one hour to go... I shifted uncomfortably in my seat, hoping to find relief, but the sensation only intensified. My bladder seemed to have a life of its own, its urgent demands drowning out everything else. I could feel myself reaching the limits of my control, my body's instincts pushing me to wet myself. I was now so desperate that I actually considered peeing just a little bit to relieve some of the pressure. However, I decided not to, since I wasn't sure I would be able to stop it. Also, I was wearing thin light gray leggings, and you would have clearly seen the wet spot.

The last hour of the car ride was spent in complete silence. You had run out of topics to try to start a conversation with after me replying with short dead end answers. I felt bad for you, I didn't want to be rude but I just could not focus on both conversing and holding my bladder at the same time. All my focus was now on keeping myself dry but that task was becoming increasingly more difficult... I had a cold sweat while shivers rushed down my legs, almost making lose it multiple times.

FINALLY we parked the car, we had made it, I had made it. I actually felt relieved, now there was only the hike left and then I'd get to pee. This gave me some confidence that I could make it. But as I stood up and got out of the car all that relief and confidence washed away in the blink of an eye. I thought I was desperate sitting down but standing up, it was beyond desperation. I could barely stand up straight, let alone walk. My bladder bulged so much you could imagine me pregnant with a small baby. Suddenly I could feel myself loosing control, I panicked. I stepped side to side in small fast movements, eventually crossing my legs and squatting down to regain control over my bladder. It worked. Luckily you were to busy on the other side of the car unloading out gear so you didn't notice me almost peeing myself.

We started walking. I could feel my heart rate quicken as I struggled to maintain my composure, to stay in control when every piece of me was screaming for release. Every step I took sent a jolt of pain from my stomach down through my lower abdomen.

Fifteen minutes into our hike, with a whole 45 minutes left, I realized that I definitely wouldn't be able to hold it. I didn't even know what I was trying to hold myself for, it wasn't like there was going to be a toilet out there in the middle of the woods. Maybe I thought that once we were there, I could go off into the woods and pee a little more discreetly than peeing next to the trail with you having to wait for me while I peed. One thing I did know for sure though, was that I couldn't hold it for another 45 minutes.

I was now so desperate that it physically hurt, I didn't know what to do. With every step I took, the realization that I was going to wet myself became more and more imminent. I started to panic, I was going to pee myself. What was I going to do? What was I going to say? A tear ran down my cheek as I accepted the fact that it was too late to do anything. Instead of trying to take action and do something about it, I froze, I didn't know what to do, I couldn't think. I just stood there, waiting for me to pee myself. You were a little ahead of me, so you didn't notice that I had stopped.

"I'm going to pee myself!" I blurted out nervously, tears streaming down my cheeks. It was going to happen now. It was too late.

Only now did you notice that I had stopped a few meters behind. Also, It wasn't until now that you found out I even needed to pee in the first place, since I hadn't said anything before. You knew there wasn't much time left when I said that, after all, this wasn't the first time I was desperate for a pee. But now it was really close to an accident. I looked down at my light gray tights and pulled up the fabric on the sides next to my crotch to get a better view of the impending disaster.

"What?! No! Don't pee yourself!" you exclaimed as you hurried towards me.

Now it was urgent and you were well aware of it. You ran up to me and stuck your fingers in my pants. You yanked down my pants and underwear to my ankles in one swift motion. Faster than I could react, you stood behind me, bent your legs, and grabbed my knee creases. I wasn't a big girl with a petite build, standing at just 5'3" tall, and with a cute, small butt, it was no problem for you to lift me up by my knees. You were now carrying me with my legs spread and my bare privates forward and slightly upward. You held up my legs almost towards my chest to keep the clothing higher up than my privates and the incoming stream of pee. You carried me like when you were helped to pee as a child. Immediately after you had lifted me, a strong stream of pee gushed out of my privates. It couldn't have been many seconds left before I would have wet myself.

The relief was almost orgasmic. Goosebumps spread all over my body, and a tingling sensation of relief radiated through me. I let out a moan almost subconsciously. The stream divided and sprayed in all directions, and when it landed on the ground below, it splashed heavily. It was a good thing that you held up my legs; otherwise, they would probably be wet now. I peed more and more, it felt like it would never end. The stream started to diminish after a while, only to surge again for another round. I moaned a little again.

"You must have been really desperate to pee," you teased playfully.

"Yeah..." I replied, embarrassed, as my pee continued to flow out of me.

I continued to pee for what felt like an eternity. I tried to stop as I found it embarrassing that so much was coming out, but I couldn't. I tried tightening my pelvic muscles but my attempts were futile. The ground below was now completely soaked, and my pee had started to flow backward, down to your shoes.

"Oh god, I'm so sorry. I was really, really desperate to pee," I said, ashamed.

"It's okay, take you're time and get it all out," you replied in a calm, kind tone.

When the stream finally began to subside, the pee started to slowly flow back over my butt instead. The pee split into several small tickling streams over my buttocks before it finally stopped. You set me down on my feet again. A few last drops fell into my pants, which I had gathered around my ankles. I pulled up my underwear followed by my gray leggings. The last drops, along with the fact that I had managed to get my butt wet, meant that my pants now had small pee stains dotted around my buttocks and between my legs. I asked you how bad it was since I couldn't see everything, but you said it was fine and that it was better than wetting myself. We were deep in the woods anyway, so no one else would know except for you and me.

"Thanks, you saved me there," I said, blushing a little. Everything had happened so quickly, and it wasn't until now that I began to realize that I almost peed myself in front of you. And that you then had to help me pee. I was somewhat embarrassed but mostly relieved after having held it for hours.

"It's okay, but you have to tell me when you need to pee next time and not just right before it's too late," you said when it was all over. I promised you that I would try to be better at it, even though I found it uncomfortable to admit that I needed to use the restroom."

*002*2023-08-15 20:47

{{1 hour ago, wether said:

It's well written, and desperation details are well given. Nothing to complain about. I hope you continue to write.

}}

Thank you so much ❤️

I definitely will!

*004*2023-08-16 18:38

{{2 hours ago, glad1 said:

This story is appealing to me on so many levels. For one, I love to hike. 😊 I've managed to convince myself that it's because I know it's good for my health. But, I'm sure you all know better. 😁

I think what I love most about this story is how it well combines innocence with intimacy, that peeing is perfectly natural and there's no reason to feel embarrassed about it, even if you need to do it around another. That they weren't uncomfortable about the situation and, what's more, were willing to help turned what could have been an awkward moment into something very tender.

}}

Thank you so much for the kind words! ❤️

I've thought about scenarios like these for a long time, always loved the idea of being held or otherwise helped while peeing

*006*2023-08-18 05:53

{{18 hours ago, OldWetGuy said:

Very nicely written. Well paced.

}}

Thank you, glad you liked it <3

*008*2023-08-18 12:44

{{10 minutes ago, yexokid said:

Hope you write more! It's really good

}}

Thank you so much! I definitely will! Always have a few stories in the workings ❤️

*010*2023-08-18 20:38

{{41 minutes ago, Squirminghold said:

I absolutely loved this

}}

Awh thank you, that's really sweet ❤️

*012*2023-08-21 13:57

{{On 8/20/2023 at 6:14 AM, Illcontrolyou said:

Damn, that is a good story. I'm not going to lie that story sounds like a story made for two people and, I can't say I'm not interested.

}}

Thank you! ❤️ Haha it would be hot to experience irl for sure

