Peeing scene from my novel

Author: Thorn177

*000*2019-01-30 13:25

Not quite omorashi exactly, but I thought I might share anyway. This is a bullying scene from a novel I'm posting over on GayAuthors.org called Storms

. It takes place at a birthday party for the main character's romantic interest. Read the tags for content warnings.

Not long after, Patrick sidled up to Michael, bumped his fist and said, ‘Excellent party, bruh!’

‘Cheers!’ said Michael with a grin. ‘You guys were a bit late, weren’t you?’

Patrick shrugged. ‘Ended up pre-drinking at Neal’s, with his brother and his pals. Kind of lost track of time.’

As conversation resumed, I felt Patrick’s eyes on me. He wasn’t stupid enough to say anything in front of Michael, and I knew I had friends here, but I still felt uncomfortable. Finally, I quietly excused myself and went to the toilet.

I took longer than I needed to, spending a few minutes standing before the mirror staring at my reflection. My hair was definitely getting overly long now, but it’s not like I could afford a haircut. The last time I cut it, Mum had taken my stepdad’s beard trimmer and basically shaved it off. That had been more than six months ago, and my curls now flopped all over my head like some kind of semi-fro. It was not a good look for me. My curls were looser than most. I wondered, not for the first time, what my father had looked like. I suspect he may have been white, or part white. I am lighter than my mum, too, not to mention how light my eyes are.

It hadn’t occurred to me when I decided to go to this party that some of my bullies would be here as well. I knew Michael wouldn’t let anything happen to me, of course. I was safe with him. But Patrick and his cronies still scared me, and I worried about what they might try to pull while Michael wasn’t looking.

Taking a deep breath, I turned away from the mirror. Then I opened the door to return to the party.

Outside the door stood Patrick and three of his friends. ‘Hello, Danny,’ he said, smirking at me. ‘You want a drink?’

Before I had time to make a sound, they were forcing me back into the bathroom, shutting and locking the door behind them.

‘Hold him still,’ Patrick said, and two of his friends grabbed my arms and pulled them behind my back. ‘Open his mouth.’ The third guy, named Dinesh if I wasn’t much mistaken, forced my head back and my mouth open, pinching my nose.

Patrick stepped up to me, a mostly full half bottle of cheap vodka in his hand. He opened it, put it to my lips, and began to pour.

With my nose blocked and my head held back like that, I had little choice but to swallow, though much of it spilled down my front. When about half of the strong liquid was gone, Patrick relented, and I coughed and spluttered for a little while. I felt like I might be sick.

‘There you go!’ he said pleasantly. ‘All good and drunk.’

Patrick’s friends let me go, and I swayed on my feet. The room was spinning dangerously. I had never had this much alcohol before in my life, much less all at once.

‘Strip him,’ Patrick ordered his friends, and they started to pull at my clothes until I was naked. I tried to protest, tried to fight back, but I seemed to have lost control of my motor functions and could only bat weakly at the arms holding me down and ripping my clothes.

Patrick pulled a sharpie out of his pocket and they pushed me face first over the edge of the tub.

‘How much would you say his arse is worth, Neal?’ he asked one of his friends.

The boy apparently named Neal answered, ‘Not much, mate. A quid per go, maybe?’

‘Yeah, that’ll do.’ Patrick began to scribble on my arse. It tickled, and I squirmed. ‘Here, wanna snap this.’ There was the click click of a phone camera.

Next, I was being moved again, turned around, pushed into the tub. I tried to focus on the people in front of me and eventually managed to find Patrick’s face. He was unzipping his jeans, and now he had his dick out, and I wondered for a moment if he meant for me to suck it, but he wasn’t hard.

Then he took aim, and began to piss. The yellow stream hit me square in the face. I raised my arm to shield myself, and tried to get up, but the slippery tub wouldn’t let me, and I slid back down. Patrick’s friends followed suit. I covered my head and cowered while they each covered me in urine.

‘I feel like I should take a shit on him, too,’ Patrick said when they were all done, tucking his prick away inside his pants. ‘You’d probably like that, wouldn’t you? Disgusting little faggot. Sadly for you, I’m all out of bowel movements. I could jerk off on you, though. Would you like that? It’d be hard to get it up looking at your fugly mug, but I could probably close my eyes and think of England.’ The others all laughed.

Just then, I heard something outside the door. ‘Dan? Where did you go?’ Someone tried the door handle. ‘Danny, are you in there?’ It was Michael’s voice.

Before the others had time to react, I cried, ‘I’m here! Help! Help me!’

Michael didn’t need to be asked twice, and started banging on the door. ‘Is someone in there with you? Open this door!’ he demanded.

Patrick suddenly looked slightly panicked. He obviously hadn’t planned on getting caught.

‘What’s going on?’ said another voice, this one older, deeper. One of Liz’s uni friends, no doubt.

‘I don’t know, but we have to get inside,’ said Michael. ‘Help me get the door open.’

‘Stand back.’

A series of loud bangs followed, and then the door burst open and a tall, beefy twenty-something whose name I was pretty sure was Jamal burst shoulder first into the room. Michael came after, crowding into the space that had never been designed to fit six people. I focused blearily on his face. His expression moved from shock to pure rage as he took in the scene and realised what was happening.

‘What the fuck do you think you’re doing?’ he growled at Patrick.

‘What do you mean?’ said Patrick, but his voice had gone up half an octave and his eyes kept flitting to Jamal’s muscular frame. ‘We’re just having a little fun, right guys?’ His friends nodded. I said nothing. I was beginning to feel rather sick and wasn’t sure I dared open my mouth.

‘Think Dan sees it that way?’ Michael’s voice was deadly quiet. ‘Get the fuck out of my house!’

‘You don’t need to get so touchy about it, we’re just playing—’ Neal tried, but Michael interrupted him.

‘Playing?’ he roared. ‘You are hurting my friend! Now get the bleeding hell out of here before I call the fucking coppers on you fucking wankers!’

Jamal placed a large hand on Patrick’s shoulder. ‘You heard the man. Let’s go.’

It seemed the threat of a fifteen stone black man was what it took. I had never seen anyone scarper quite so quickly, and Jamal followed them to make sure they left.

The moment they were gone, Michael strode over to the tub and knelt next to me. ‘Dan, are you okay? Did they hurt you?’

I shook my head. ‘I . . . ’M okay, just . . . You shouldn’t touch me. Got pee on me . . .’

He blinked. Then his expression darkened again. ‘They fucking pissed on you?’ he said quietly. ‘I’m gonna murder every last one of those fucking fucks.’

‘Michael,’ I slurred weakly. ‘I’m okay. They . . . They’re gone now.’

Michael nodded. ‘Yeah. None of those bastards is ever setting foot in this house again, I can tell you that.’ His expression softened. ‘Here, let me help you.’ And although I was covered in pee, he put his arms around me and pulled me out of the tub. I stood swaying while he found a towel. He wiped off the worst of it. ‘You can have a shower in my room,’ he said. ‘Put your clothes on, I’ll be right back.’ Then he vanished.

