Sunset Won't Stop Playing

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2024-03-24 19:36

Another Equestria Girls story about Sunset Shimmer. Note that while I tagged it for messing, there isn't a huge amount of focus on that, it doesn't even describe the messing. You'll see. Most of it is about the wettings.

If you like the scenario but don't know who the character is, google "Sunset Shimmer pajamas".

Disclaimer: I would not recommend staying up as long as she does to play any game no matter how good it is. But if you want to keep playing for hours and wet yourself every time you have to go, go right ahead.

Also, may contain spoilers for the game in question.

Sunset Won't Stop Playing

Sunset Shimmer lay in her bed, when Twilight Sparkle came and nudged her. Sunset woke up. "What is it?"

"Rise and shine, Sunset!" said Twilight. "I got you a late birthday present." She held up The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom.

Sunset immediately jumped out of bed. She gave Twilight a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. "Thanks, Twilight." She had loved Breath of the Wild, and seen the trailer for Tears of the Kingdom, so she had been very excited for this game to come out.

"I'll make some coffee for you," said Twilight. "You can start playing whenever you want."

Sunset ran straight for her Switch, without stopping to shower, change out of her pajamas, or go to the bathroom. She put the game in her Switch, turned it on, and started playing.

Twilight poured two cups of coffee and started drinking one, handing the other to Sunset.

"Thanks," said Sunset. "I'll probably play for several days straight if it's as good as it seems. Is that all right?"

"I suppose so," said Twilight. "I can give you coffee and energy drinks if you really want to stay awake that long. But if, after a week, you haven't beaten the game, I'll make you take a break and get some sleep. Deal?"

"Deal!"

"You might need the whole coffee pot in that case," said Twilight, setting it down on Sunset's table in front of her couch.

Sunset explored the Forgotten Foundation, and when she saw Ganondorf for the first time, she jumped. After that, she played through the Great Sky Island, finding all the new abilities and new additions to be fun, especially Ascend.

Eventually, she reached Lookout Landing, and loved the Skyview Tower launching sequence, during which Twilight drank a glass of water and gave Sunset a soda. After being given the Regional Phenomena quest, she also journeyed into the Depths for the first time. After obtaining the Camera, she explored the Depths and got more Lightroots.

By now, Sunset had to go to the bathroom. She had not used the bathroom all day, and she had drank a big cup of coffee and a soda. But she loved this game already and didn't want to stop playing, so she held it.

Eventually, she left the Depths and got the Skyview Tower with the enemy camp around it. It took her a few tries, and some frustration, to defeat the Boss Bokoblin, and she yelled and groaned in frustration, partly because she couldn't beat him, and partly because she had to pee. But she eventually used a Muddle Bud to turn him against the other Bokoblins, and defeated him, before activating the tower.

After exploring some Sky Islands and getting some shrines, she made her way to Lindor's Brow Skyview Tower, where she talked to Hestu and got some weapon expansions from him with Korok Seeds she had found on her travels. She then made her way to the Great Plateau for some nostalgia, as this was the starting area in Breath of the Wild. She talked to the goddess statue, which said it was trapped under the water. After a bit of searching, Sunset found the water area and drained it. This put a bit more pressure on her full bladder.

At 11:00, Twilight made Sunset a smoothie that had many nutrients in it. Sunset drank it as she played, finding all four of the statue's eyes, throwing them into the chasms, and taking them to the center. After that, she got Autobuild, and while she had been expecting the Researchers to be Yiga, she was surprised when Master Kohga showed up, as she had thought he was dead. But she beat him easily, and then decided to explore the Depths some more, collecting Poes, Bomb Flowers, Puffshrooms, and Muddle Buds, as well as activating more Lightroots and attacking enemy camps for Zonaite to power her energy cell.

By now, she really needed to go. She was fidgeting where she sat, but she wouldn't stop playing.

"I'll be right back, I have to go to the bathroom," said Twilight, and she walked down the hall to the bathroom. When she returned, she noticed how Sunset was fidgeting. "Maybe you should pause and use the bathroom too. You drank more than me, and you look like you really have to go."

"I don't want to stop playing," said Sunset.

A few more minutes went by, and Sunset fidgeted harder as her need to pee grew more and more intense.

"If you don't pause and go to the bathroom now, you'll have an accident," said Twilight.

"You're right," said Sunset. "I'll go to the bathroom." Rather than stand up, Sunset stopped fidgeting, spread her legs, and peed her pajamas. As she peed, she continued playing, aware of the warm wetness spreading through her pajama pants and rear end but not caring too much.

Twilight stared as the wet spot spread through the crotch of Sunset's pajama pants and wet the cushion she was sitting on. A hissing noise was heard, and the smell of pee wafted into Twilight's nostrils.

Sunset finished peeing, sighed of immense relief, and kept playing in her wet pants.

"I can't believe you peed yourself," said Twilight. "But, it is kind of cute."

Sunset smiled. She wasn't exactly ashamed of wetting her PJ's, but it was nice to know that Twilight wasn't disgusted with her.

...

Sunset kept playing all day long, and Twilight continued to bring her soda, energy drinks, and water, as well as another smoothie for supper. Sunset was always polite and thanked Twilight for them, and would sometimes chat with Twilight, who was also enjoying watching Sunset play. She peed three more times (one of which was during her first encounter with Gloom Hands), to which she was unashamed and Twilight thought it was cute and hot.

Shortly after 11:00, Sunset beat the Wind Temple.

"Do you want to stop here and go to bed?" Twilight asked.

"Nah, I'll keep playing if that's all right," said Sunset.

"I'll make you another pot of coffee then," said Twilight. "But remember, one week and then you get some rest."

"Sounds good."

Twilight made a big pot of coffee for Sunset, who drank it quickly. "Thanks, Twilight."

"Any time. See you tomorrow morning." Twilight walked away. She knew Sunset was going to have a big pee from that coffee tonight, and giggled at the thought that it would inevitably end up in her pants.

Sunset started activating all the Skyview Towers, finding paragliding easier and more fun now that she had Tulin and his Gust. Just as she was getting the last one, which was trapped under snow, she had to pee really badly from the coffee. Without any hesitation, she blasted a power pee in her already wet pants, sighing of relief, and then began hunting geoglyphs.

...

Over the course of six days, Sunset never stopped playing, and stayed awake through all the coffee and energy drinks Twilight gave her, as well as some soda, water, and smoothies. Every time Sunset needed to go, she went in her pajamas. She stank really bad from not washing for six days, especially her pants from peeing in them several times a day, but she didn't mind, and neither did Twilight.

On the sixth day, Twilight sent everyone a text saying Sunset was about to fight Ganondorf. They all came over, arriving as Sunset was making her way through the final path.

"Oh my," said Rarity when she saw the state Sunset was in.

"You really stink, Sunset," said Rainbow Dash.

"That wasn't very nice," said Fluttershy. She got a whiff of Sunset. "Oh my..."

"She hasn't gotten up from that couch in six days," said Twilight. "Not even to go to the bathroom." She giggled. "I told her if it's more than a week she'll have to rest, but she's about to beat the game today."

So they watched as Sunset fought Ganondorf, and, with a bit of difficulty, defeated him. Everyone cheered as the Demon King exploded and the "Destroy Ganondorf" quest was labeled as complete. Sunset let out a sigh, thinking she had finished the game, and peed, but no one noticed because their eyes were on the screen. She was surprised when she had to catch Zelda at the end, but was able to do so.

When the credits rolled, Sunset set the controller down. "That was such a fun game. I really enjoyed it."

"I can tell, from how you wouldn't stop playing for six days straight," said Twilight. "Not even to go to the bathroom."

"What's a little pee if I can keep playing a great game?"

"It was a lot of pee."

"That too."

"All right, Sunset. You've beaten the game, you've had your fun, now, time to get some rest."

"But first," said Rarity, "you really need a bath."

Sunset sniffed her armpit. "Ooh. You're right, I do." She stood up, but as she hadn't stood or slept for six days, she wobbled around, so Twilight carried Sunset over her shoulder. She got a full whiff of Sunset's stench, but she didn't mind. If anything she kind of enjoyed it.

Pinkie sniffed Sunset's rear end. "Phew! Did you poop your pants too, Sunny?"

"Yes, I did," said Sunset. Everyone laughed, finding it funny rather than disgusting.

Twilight filled the tub with warm, soapy water, and put Sunset in the tub, still in her smelly pajamas. Twilight washed Sunset all over, and Sunset took pleasure in this warm, relaxing bath.

"All right, now let's get your dirty rear end clean," said Twilight.

Sunset got on all fours with her tushie in the air. Twilight poured a large dollop of soap onto Sunset's butt and rubbed it with both hands, coating her smelly pajamas in suds. Both Twilight and Sunset really enjoyed this. After washing Sunset's rear for over ten minutes, Twilight figured her pants were as clean as they were going to get.

After washing Sunset's legs and feet, she drained the water, rinsed Sunset with the shower head, and dried her enough so that she was still wet but no longer dripping. After that, Sunset climbed into her bed and fell asleep.

The other girls went home, and Twilight sat beside Sunset as she got her much-needed rest. About an hour later, a soft hissing noise was heard as Sunset peed in her sleep. Twilight giggled. She wasn't surprised. Sunset had been using her pajamas as a toilet for almost a week so it was only natural she'd lose some bladder control. Maybe she'd have to potty retrain her. Twilight was looking forward to this.

She woke up the following morning. "Good morning, Sunset!" said Twilight cheerfully.

"Good morning, Twilight," said Sunset. She stretched her arms, yawned, and felt her pajamas. They had mostly dried from her bath, but her pajama pants felt wet, and a pee smell was in the air. "Why are my pajamas wet?"

"You wet the bed," said Twilight. "No need to feel ashamed. It happens, especially if you pee your pants several times for six days straight."

"Who said I feel ashamed?" Sunset said with a smile. "I might have to get potty retrained during the day, but I kind of like waking up wet." She giggled.

"And you always look cute in wet PJ's", said Twilight.

It only took a few days to potty retrain Sunset. But she would still wet the bed many nights. Though, part of this could be due to always drinking a lot right before bed. Neither she nor Twilight minded, though; in fact, if Sunset woke up dry, she would deliberately wet her pants where she lay, much to Twilight's amusement.

The End

