Possible new story - The Ability

Author: tutti.frutti

*000*2014-01-01 13:05

This is a fantasy I started a while ago - and I posted it in that time to other website. I think I can continue with this story, if there would be people, who would like to read it - so please, if you like the idea, write it down in the comments section. I would be happy to continue :)

###

I am sitting in a restaurant. There are two empty bottles in front of me on my table. They were full of water and Sprite some minutes ago. I sit there alone and I feel my bladder, as it strongly tells my brain, that all that liquid I had drank earlier asks to go even further. The pressure starts to be very strong. In normal situation I would be nervous, probably sweating, and worried to death, that I might wet myself like a total loser in a public place. But I don't do any of these thing. I know exactly, what I'm doing.

Of course I am not alone here. There are two people behind the bar, waiter and waitress. They just mind their own business, talk to each other. Maybe I should give them a long stare, so they notice me and come to ask, if I want another drink. But no, it's too late for this. Now it's time for me to focus on someone else.

There are four other people in the restaurant. Two older ladies chatting over their coffees, maybe I could be interested, but not this time. In other corner of the room, there sits a young guy with nice shirt, he types on his laptop the whole time, but he blinks my direction from time to time. I think he likes me, a little at least. But he's not my choice either.

Last person here is a young woman. She has black hair to her shoulders and quite pale skin. She's dressed very nicely and makes me a little jealous about that. She has dark blue jeans and as I could see when she came to the restaurant, they are quite fitting. On the top, she wears nice cream jacket. Nice jacket. But there is my bladder and it pulls me back into the reality. I feel I can't hold on any longer, so it's time.

I gather all my internal strenght and I focus on my bladder and it's content. In the same moment, I also focus on the same body part of this beautifully dressed young woman over the room. It starts slowly and I can't help but to think to myself that I'm becoming really good at this. And I can feel it now, the pressure in my bladder starts to weaken with every breath. I stare with my eyes locked to this girl, feelin' the pressure to leave my own body. But she suddenly moves her left leg and presses her tights together, she also shifts a little on the chair. As I watch her closely, I can see her eyes become wider. She doesn't know what's happening. Seconds earlier, she didn't need to go at all, but now her bladder is totally full and screams for release.

She quickly closes the book in her hand and drops it on the table, than raises her head and desperately looks around the room for a toilet sign. She quickly runs her left hand to her crotch and presses it strongly, but a moment later, she takes it away. There are too many people for that sort of act. As she stands up, the look on her face is priceless. I'm gonna piss my pants, that's all she can think about right now. I really enjoy this scenery and I think she noticed me watching her, so she turned totally red. Or was it because she felt a warm, hot pool creating in her panties?

She takes long steps to the toilet, my god she's nervous. I feel my own privates getting very wet, but pee has nothing to do with it. There is no stain on her jeans, it indicates she has quite good bladder capacity and control. And she vanishes from sight. I really hate my small and weak bladder now. If I could get it stronger and raise it's capacity, I could have given her even more and she would be unable to bear that. Don't get me wrong, I love nice desperation. But when it doesn't end up with wetting, it's just a cake without any frosting.

A minute later she comes back and you can read the amout of relief from her face. Maybe she made it, or maybe she has damp panties sticking to her pussy lips right now. I will never know. And how about you, do you wanna know, how I did what I did?

*002*2014-01-02 12:57

Thank you very much - what part of it do you like the most?

*008*2014-01-03 07:42

Wow, this is much more positive replies I could've ever imagined. Very cool. Okay - I'll try to bring next part of this story asap :)

*009*2014-01-03 14:15

Okay guys, here you go. I was surprised I wrote it so quickly. I guess this topic is just that interesting :-) Please let me know, if you liked it and what would your suggestions for next development be. I would like to go for much more interesting "actions" in the next one. Thank you.

###

I'm on my way home from the restaurant and I'm buried deep in thoughts. Sexuality is a mysterious thing. One should be getting aroused every time possible reproduction partner comes into the room. Than you can pick up all the pheromones and other stuff telling you to get ready for mating.

But not me. I'm not that type of a person. My engine needs - at least in a strong majority of times - something more to really get going. When I'm on a bus and there is beautiful girl sitting near me, I know I like her and I can watch her curves, eyes and hair all the time until one of us reaches the desired station. But this doesn't drive me nuts. What makes me crazy are even subtle indications, that this girl needs to go. And the process that turns those gentle signs of need into a true pee desperation. The uncovered fear of wetting oneself like a small child in front of others.

And as a luck wants it, there is one girl exactly like that. One seat in front across the aisle. Well, to be accurate - this girl shows no signs of any need to pee. Bad luck - she is just beautiful. Long thin legs, firm ass in white capri pants, narrow waist, just fine breasts and a nice and tanned little face with big brown eyes and long straight hair around it, brown as well. But there is something quite easy that can be done about the desperation thing, hah.

My focus turns to my lower abdomen - that's where my best friend rests. And I'm instantly disappointed. I can feel that I'm unluckily almost empty. My whole life I hated public transportation because my totaly unexpected needs to pee (or worse) and my very significant inability to hold those needs in tact. And where is it now, when you need it? Damn.

Suddenly memories of my recent experience rush forward in my mind. I mentally return to the restaurant and watch the girl, who has just returned from a toilet. She could be listed in a dictionary as an image next to the description of uncertainty. She slowly sat down, than lifted her bum a little, squirmed, and sat down again. I thought I would never know, if she leaked. But now I was one hundred percent sure - her panties must have been wet. While she rushed to the bathroom a jet of hot urine heated up her crotch. I can imagine she softly sighed as this happened.

I was so, so excited, but I showed no sign of it. I left money on the table, quickly escaped the not-knowing restaurant and got on the bus heading to my apartment. So here I'm just now, back in the half-full bus - close to yet another girl, but to one much more attractive then the lady in the restaurant. And I concentrate heavy. I want all the liquid in my body to flow and quickly fill up my bladder.

Three stops later I can feel it. My concentration has nothing to do with it - please don't get confused. Back in the restaurant I drank a lot of liquids and when I do that, I always need to go multiple times in a rather quick succession. Weak bladder, yeah, yeah, spare me of your laughs.

My need isn't very strong in the time, but I know that after few minutes it will be. And if it wasn't for this quite a new ability of mine, I would be unnerved, that I might wet myself before I reach a bathroom. Sometimes it's just so quick with me - and it brings back fairly scary (and embarrassing) memories. I'll tell you about those someday.

Now I have a hard decision to do. Should I do my thing now with what I have in my little bladder and try to fill her, or wait for more - but risk, that my target will reach her stop sooner and leave me on a bus with a strong need to pee? And a pressing urge to choose another person quickly, before I might piss myself...

What do you think?

*015*2014-01-05 08:32

Thank all of you very much for your comments. I will definitely continue with the story - maybe today, maybe tomorrow. Anyway the next part will be here soon. :) In the meantime, tell me - is there something specific in those 2 parts, that you liked the most?

*020*2014-01-07 20:43

Hello my friends. So here the story continues, I hope you'll like it. Thank you very much for all your comments - positive feedback makes it a lot easier to find a time to write more words. I just have SO MANY ideas how to continue :-)

###

I'm no wizard or magician. I don't think I posses some special power like a comic book superhero. No extra strength or ability to see through door and walls. My extraordinary skill cannot save the world in any imaginable way. It just allows me to make others desperate to pee with use of content of my own bladder. But if you're someone like me - a person who gets turned on by desperation and accidents - than you can still call it a huge win.

Other thing, which is a big turn on form me, is simply telling someone about my own accidents I had in the past. There is a lot to talk about and I just love the mix of beeing so ashamed and scandalous in the same time. I prefer to talk about it to strangers. But if there is no choice, speaking about it to a familiar face is also very hot. And embarrassing.

There are two separate feelings in my lower abdomen right now. One comes from my bladder, which is filling fast, the other comes from a little different part of stomach area - the nervous tingling before you do something you are very much excited about.

It's two bus stops now since I asked myself the hard question. She is still here - one row forward across the aisle. Beautiful and thin with brown hair and big eyes of the same color.

I'm not going to wait any longer. I absolutely love the way she looks and my imagination is beeing carried far far away every single second. I try to focus, to bring peace and serenity into my mind. The bus suddenly stops, forcing me to open my eyes again. We've just arrived to next station. As an unquestionable atheist, I pray to god so she doesn't leave the bus. She keeps seated and it makes me truly happy for a moment. Until rather fat lady forces her way through the aisle and without asking sits next to my lovely target.

My line of sight is not clear, but I know I can do this. I've successfully done it few times before. I try to focus once again as the bus leaves the station. And I can feel it. My focus makes phantom connection between my every-second-fuller bladder and her bladder. I watch her - well the little parts of her I can see right now - as urine leaves my body and it's slowly transfered into hers.

She moves quickly and the fat lady looks at her very questioningly. Why, oh why does she have to be in my line of vision right now? My target shakes again and quickly says something to this obese female. The fat woman turns her eyes and moves slightly away. Miss brown-hair has a terrified look in here face. She slips around the large lady to the aisle quickly and with small steps she heads straight to the door of the bus. She is ultra desperate. Oh my god, this is joy. And I still have something left in my bladder.

She presses her hand to her crotch without caring that everyone sees it. She bites her lower lip and her legs are shaking. This is the absolute piss desperation. She is on a bus with so many strangers and in a matter of seconds she might shamefully wet herself.

This beautiful monologue is in the meantime going through her mind -

"Oh my god, what's going on. I haven't drank anything in last few hours. I don't drink anything before taking a bus, so what's that? Oh god it leaks into my panties. No, I managed to stop it, ah god.

Come on, stop the fucking bus. My Pippi is wet (she really calls her own pussy Pippi) and my panties too. I hope it doesn't show on my pants. Oh god, the bus slows, I will hold it and pee behind a bush or somewhere. Please just stop already, I don't want to piss myself like I did last year."

The bus stops and when the driver opens the door she stumbles out on the pavement and looks around herself desperately. She still has both hands tightly pressed against her pussy (Pippi, if you want). I'm so thrilled, I can't think straight at all. Without any idea what I should do, I get up and quickly jump out of the bus as well. I don't know if there is a word in the dictionary for running with extremely short steps, but that's exactly what she does. She is in an obvious rush and heads behind some containers. With my mind totally frozen and strong, uneasy tingling in my guts I hastily follow her there.

And as she jumped behind the containers to finally relieve herself I just brainlessly shouted at her - "Excuse me miss, do you know what time it is?" She froze and turned her head to me...

*024*2014-01-10 21:06

Thank you all for great comments. I'll try to write the next part tomorrow :) Any special wishes?

