High school senior tortured by evil dad

Author: trackboy

*000*2017-09-07 19:22

This is the other guys side of a conversation I been having by email with a guy I met online. he is 18. lost contact with him due to his abusive dad forcing him to work every waking second he is not in school. guess dad figured out son was getting advice from somebody so cut off son from the outside world by working him to death. I am really worried about him.

Yeah I got my computer taken away for not doing some chores. I have a few weights at home, you??? I don't have a Gym membership, but I've always wanted one. I got bored of swimming. Do u play any sports beside wrestling? Do you like it? I don't have any tank tops. Do you like tank tops? If my dads around I have to be fully clothed. I don't have any other underwear besides briefs. What about you? what kind of underwear do you prefer? I like watching movies to! I don't really take anything for my anxiety. When I'm not at school (like summers, weekend, evenings) and I'm at home I'm allowed to wear a polo and cargo shorts. When we go out during the day I have to put some pants on (either jeans of khakis). If we go out at night I will wear a dress shirt. On Sundays I wear a shirt and tie. My school has a uniform. Does yours? what do you wear to school? He has lots of rules like saying yes sir no sir yes ma'am no ma'am to adults. Do you have any rules???

I don't lift much anymore. I want to start up again. I used do be on a swim team, but I've recently quit. My dad is pretty strict, he tells me what to wear and when to wear it. He has lots of rules. I really only ever go shirtless when he's not home, otherwise I typically wear a polo and cargo shorts. For fun I like to run or swim. What do you like to do for fun?? Do you go shirtless out and about??

I lift occasionally! I deal with mine mainly by exercise or yoga. wbu?

(that is where he was talking about dealing with his anxiety. )

I think its amazing you long you can hold it. I never even thought to try and stretch my bladder so I won't have to pee as much as I do! Yeah if I drink to much before I go to bed my stomach starts to feel upset. Ive never tried to go to bed with a full bladder, Ive always gone before I go to sleep. You seem really nice as well. I'll suggest that punishment to him vs. all the other horrible punishments he puts me through. I go to a small high school.

Do you go to a big high school? Ive been doing all the workouts you suggest! Thanks a lot, its really helping me get back into lifting. I wish my dad let me show off my build like yours. Im allowed to run in shorts, thankfully. Wow you can run with a full bladder?? does it hurt?? Its hard to show your package in briefs. I've been lucky and thankfully I've never been hard during inspection! You?? I'll try your underwear suggestion. Yeah I have a few friends I visit, you?? When I get in trouble my dad gets me up at 5am on Saturday, I have to shower/shave, put on a shirt and tie, and sit in his office and write lines or papers all day. I hate having to do that! Do you have to do any chores?

Wow! Thats pretty cool you can go so long with out having to pee. I should see if I could start to stretch mine. Unfortunately we don't have a weight room at my school. I wish we did. I don't like to feel full in my stomach when going to sleep. Yeah I go out and about often. Do you??? If I go for a run, I'll take my shirt off, but never while out and about. I wouldn't want any of my dads friends to see me and tell him, or else I would. I know I would get in so much trouble. He inspects everything I wear from head to toe everyday. I have drop my pants all the time for him to make sure I'm wearing white briefs.

I try to drink a gallon or two a day. I don't drink anything other than water and maybe some sport drinks. What about you??? Ive never tried to hold off when i needed to pee. When I'm sent to my room i'm allowed to go to the bathroom when I have to pee. My dad doesn't really explain his rules to me. I just follow them, because i know if i don't, it will be bad! I don't take anything for my anxiety, just natural cures. Ive never thrown up. I have to wear jeans and boots when i mow. I am pretty much soaked when I'm done. I like all those shows to! I typically don't drink very much before bed because i don't like to feel full while i sleep. I will try your suggestions. Thanks.

Have to pee like every hour! I drink lots of water, and I hate the feeling of a full bladder. He wants me to be very modest in our house and out in public. The polos are my size, its just they all are pretty boxy, so i can't really show off my build. My dumbbells are not fixed, they can be adjusted from 10 pounds up to like 80. I jack occasionally. The chore I didn't do was mow the yard. Yes he makes me wear pants even when its hot. With my anxiety I occasionally will have a panic attack, but usually it just effects my stomach. What movies/TV do like watching?

Wow! You take your training very seriously. I couldn't imagine not peeing all the time! Im not really allowed to show much skin. Im forced to wear baggy polos (with undershirts) all the time. My dad is crazy strict with my academies! What about you? The only weights i have are a few dumb bells.

Wow! You take your training very seriously. I couldn't imagine not peeing all the time! Im not really allowed to show much skin. Im forced to wear baggy polos (with undershirts) all the time. My dad is crazy strict with my academies! What about you? The only weights i have are a few dumb bells.

Yeah I'm really interested in developing discipline, and stretching my bladder! No I usually do not drink that much before bed, but now I'm starting to. I went to church today, so I didn't get to enjoy my wood this morning. Yeah my dad sees me in briefs before shower a lot because he wakes me up every morning. He's seen me hard often, just not during inspection. I think he might feel that I'm disrespecting him, and I don't want the belt. I felt pretty swollen before bed. Doing chores while hard was great, made me feel masculine. I haven't jacked in a while either, dads been wanting me to practice chastity. Dads at least away 1 day a week.

Im definitely going to hold it on those days. Do ever get embarrassed talking to people while hard? None of the other guys chat in bathroom because we don't ever have long to be in the bathroom. Guys get into fights rarely. My school has pretty strict discipline. What about your school??? It would be awesome to not have to pee all day at school! I definitely can't show my build at church in a suit! Sometime me and guys will hangout shirtless if their parents are gone. But most of the time we all just wear shirts and pants. In gym we learn about fitness, do workouts, and play some indoor sports. what about you??

Yeah just had my second night of go going to bed on a full bladder. Incredible sensation. I drank about a half gallon during the last two hours before bed. I currently still have morning wood because I haven't peed yet. Dads away this morning so I didn't have to do inspection! I also did all my chores this morning hard. I drink a lot of water by myself. I don't know if he'd like me showing up for inspection being hard. I think he might find that disrespectful and give me belt for sure that night. I really don't ever get sent to my room if I'm in trouble.

I typically don't ever chat with guys inside the bathroom, we wait until we get in the halls. I go to an all male school. I typically run later in the day. For workout he was having me do burbees, sit ups, pushups, and a run. I wish I could wear shorts to church in the summer! It gets hot in dress pants! During a detailed inspection, he checks abs, thighs, chest, lats, shoulders, triceps, biceps, and more. In gym we all wear the same shirt and shorts.

Wow. Very cool! Im really excited to implement this into my daily lifestyle. I wish i could sleep in. I have to be up at 6:30 for inspection and to start working on my chores. I was so proud of the morning wood I woke up with. I was rock hard until I peed after my shower! Going to bed full is definitely something I'm going to have to get used to! I wanted to pee so bad in the shower, but i didn't let myself. We live out in the country in a very small town.

He practically is a drill instructor! What do you wear to church??? I have to wear a shirt and tie all day! Do you wear mma shorts to bed? I have to wear just briefs to bed. If i get lots of the belt before bed it can be hard to sleep, but I'm pretty used to it. He checks everything after my workout. I will tell him it would be a good idea for him to check that I'm doing it right. We have gym class at school. He's very impressed that I'm doing the extra workouts you suggested! He hasn't really asked about them. Dad doesn't let me drink beers with him and his friends. That would be pretty cool!

I wish I could hold it as long as you. Gong to bed last night was a little uncomfortable with a full bladder, but I made it through the night. This morning when I woke up I had intense morning wood. I waited until after my shower to pee (before inspection). The feeling was pretty crazy! I usually get the belt on my bare but. One time when i failed to follow orders, and as punishment I had to mow the yard every day for two weeks in 100 degree weather. I had to mow, weed eat, blow, and bag all the clippings. I wish I could just wear shorts when I mow, but he makes wear work jeans, boots, and a shirt. Those weeks were a nightmare!

For punishment workouts I have to complete 150 burpees on top of the 50 I do every day. He was in the military and he's pretty involved at church. What about your dad??? Do you like them mma shorts??? What kind of shoes you like to wear??? Some other punishment are that I have to copy an entire letter of dictionary definitions, or stand in the corner for an hour. He inspects me before bed because thats when he inspects my upper body (shoulder/chest). Thats also when he will give me the belt if I've been disrespectful during the day. My dad just feels my muscles when I'm done with a workout. Im coming up on my last year of school

I think its pretty cool! I usually drink steadily during the last hour before bed, but I used to always go pee before I went to lay down. Im going to try to go to bed with full bladder tonight. Next time I get in trouble I will suggest having to go without peeing before going to my room. He has lots of punishments. Like the Saturday "detention" he calls it, that I told in my last email, sometimes I get the belt, or I have to do extra yard work or work outs. I wish my school had a weight room! Since its such small school, we don't have any sports teams.

My dad is crazy about modesty. He takes it to an extreme! Im allowed to run in the 1 pair of track shorts I got! I'll have to try running with a full bladder. Do you have any tips??? Im definitely going to try tucking the waist band behind my nuts. Thats a good idea! I get inspections in the morning after I wake up at 6:30, shower/shave, put on the clothes he told me to put on or If I change during the day (like if we have to go some where) or before I go to sleep. When I'm getting inspected he first checks to make sure I have shaved my face, then he checks to makes sure I have ironed/starched my clothes, then pants go down he checks my underwear, I flex, and thats usually it unless its a detailed inspection. What does your inspections consist of??? When Im with my friends we study, wrestle each other, or workout together. What about you?

The amount of discipline you have is very admirable. Every night I go a little longer without pissing. I keep leaving this out because its kinda boring, in a detailed inspection he checks my hight, measure my abs, thighs, chest, lats, shoulders, triceps, biceps. He makes sure I'm following good hygiene, I'm a pretty sweaty guy, so I have to shower quite often. He checks my manhood. Then during the detailed inspection he checks my room and bathroom. He makes sure I've properly folded my briefs, undershirts, socks, shorts, polos, dress shirts, slacks, jeans, ties, etc to military standards. He checks to make sure I've polished my dress shoes, cleaned and conditioned my boots.

He also checks to make sure my beds made and bathroom is clean. I never know when detailed inspections are coming so I always have to be prepared. I used to get sent to room a lot, but recently I get punished in other ways. He's seen me hard a bunch in the morning because I have to instantly get out of bed and stand at attention when he comes in. He tells me my orders and then I go shower/shave. I take my briefs off right before I shower and put them back on right after I've died off. I was told not to jack when I was 13 when I hit puberty.

I didn't really jack any before that. Its been about a couple a weeks since I've done it. I don't really have time. Ive only had like 3/4 wet dreams ever. What about you??? Im definitely going to run while hard and full next time he's away! Ive had him feel my muscles a few time while working out. Im holding my pee a lot now. Ive cut the number of times i used to pee in half! After my morning pee I try to hold until noon or later. Town is pretty far from where I live so I can't ever run in town. I go to a pretty small school. In gym we have to do work outs that don't require any weights so like pushups, squats, KB swings, flutter kicks, and a run usually. What about you gym class? Im going to take humanities. You???

The amount of discipline you have is very admirable. Every night I go a little longer without pissing. I keep leaving this out because its kinda boring, in a detailed inspection he checks my hight, measure my abs, thighs, chest, lats, shoulders, triceps, biceps. He makes sure I'm following good hygiene, I'm a pretty sweaty guy, so I have to shower quite often. He checks my manhood. Then during the detailed inspection he checks my room and bathroom. He makes sure I've properly folded my briefs, undershirts, socks, shorts, polos, dress shirts, slacks, jeans, ties, etc to military standards. He checks to make sure I've polished my dress shoes, cleaned and conditioned my boots. He also checks to make sure my beds made and bathroom is clean.

I never know when detailed inspections are coming so I always have to be prepared. I used to get sent to room a lot, but recently I get punished in other ways. He's seen me hard a bunch in the morning because I have to instantly get out of bed and stand at attention when he comes in. He tells me my orders and then I go shower/shave. I take my briefs off right before I shower and put them back on right after I've died off. I was told not to jack when I was 13 when I hit puberty. I didn't really jack any before that. Its been about a couple a weeks since I've done it. I don't really have time. Ive only had like 3/4 wet dreams ever.

What about you??? Im definitely going to run while hard and full next time he's away! Ive had him feel my muscles a few time while working out. Im holding my pee a lot now. Ive cut the number of times i used to pee in half! After my morning pee I try to hold until noon or later. Town is pretty far from where I live so I can't ever run in town. I go to a pretty small school. In gym we have to do work outs that don't require any weights so like pushups, squats, KB swings, flutter kicks, and a run usually. What about you gym class? Im going to take humanities. You???

Yeah I hope one day maybe I could be as good as you at holding it. He just measures my muscles with a tape measure and makes sure there is growth. He checks my manhood just to make sure every thing is healthy down there. I just have pull down the briefs while he checks my manhood. Everything I do must be up to military standards. Its pretty intense working out in the heat in shirt jeans and boots, I'm dripping by the time i get to come in. Actually my school is private and its pretty far from my house. He stopped sending me to my room because he says thats not a hard enough punishment for me. I get the belt a lot more these days.

Yeah I'm really busy so no time to do any leisure stuff. Im only allowed five minuets to shower/shave and dress for inspection. No Ive never spurt on my chest. Im only allowed to jack once a month to release tension. I really don't do more than once a month. I just never get wet dreams even tho I jack pretty rarely. What about you??? It was pretty tough holding it during chores, but it also felt really good at the same time. He just checked my muscles a few time during workouts. No I don't have any cement blocks. Im working on holding it as long as i can. Yeah dad takes me to friends house in town. Some times he hangs out with my friends dads. He's making me take wood working this year. Cool you like acting???

Wow you started holding it at 10! Thats amazing. He got the weights originally for himself when I was young, but now I use them. Chest flys, thats a good idea, ill try that. We only live on about an acre so we have a few neighbors. Wearing a shirt jeans and boots is just part of the rules. Pretty much everybody wears a shirt jeans and boots out where I live. I wear an undershirt while lifting. The only time he allows me to go shirtless is when sleeping, and sometimes when running. The ride to school is pretty long. Not a boarding school tho. I am naked when I get the belt always. Im allows to watch 30 minuets of tv a day. Last night while getting the belt I pissed myself because I was so full and about to burst. He got so mad that he restarted my punishment.

I got the belt for a good 15 minutes last night. Im so soar today. I spurt in a pair of briefs. What about you??? He would probably prefer me to not jack at all, but He lets me once a month. I definitely get harder and harder and more often as the month goes by. I don't even remember my wet dreams? do you??? It was pretty tough holding it during morning chores, it was really tensing up! I keep going longer and longer without peeing before bed. Abs were really tense when pressing down on my bladder. Yeah I've been tucking the briefs behind my nuts, makes me look a lot bigger. I don't know if we have those other classes. I just know we have woodworking because thats the one I have to take. I really like the info on not jacking.

Im so impressed you play sports full! When getting the belt last night it just started to come out in spurts but then it just all came out and I couldn't stop it. Ill try the technique you mentioned, although he said if I did that again it would be a lot worse. So I might have to start peeing before I go to bed because thats when I get the belt. He was so mad when he saw I couldn't stop peeing all over the floor. He doesn't mind me jacking once a month so I can release tension. I got the belt because i mowed the lawn vertically vs. horizontally. I guess last week I mowed vertically and he says its better for the lawn in you switch every week. I get hard sometime when I wrestle what about you?? Ill look into those other classes. I loved it being tough while holding it during chores. I found that I did my work faster. He always determines the punishments, usually its the belt or a writing punishment. I love making my manhood look bigger! you???

I will definitely practice the method you mention about blocking pee with finger between legs pressing up firmly practice stopping the flow. I get the belt at night because thats when he prefers to give it to me. I get it almost every night for just the smallest stuff. He would prefer that i don't jack but he doesn't mind once a month to release tension. We have a chart to keep track of mowing each week but if he believes I didn't do it correctly then I get the belt. I love it being tough to hold it while doing chores. Makes me do my work faster. I get hard every time bladder gets full! Im hard a lot. You??? What kind of haircut do you have???

I will have to practice that technique a lot to really get good blocking the pee. Thats a good idea telling him that I just didn't have enough time to get soft before inspection, but I'm not allowed to talk during inspection, If I do someone incorrect I have to say "no excuses sir". Thats cool, when I have to pee just let a little out so I can stay hard and feel extra manly. I will try to give jacking completely. I love feeling intensely hard.

Ive been drinking a lot before bed lately. Ive ran a few time without peeing and I really love it! makes me feel super masculine. My pee is always clear now so you can never tell if its sweat or pee. My dad keeps my hair very short all year round. Military cuts like high and tight or just completely buzzed. All the lifting is going great! starting to see improvements. Dad is really liking me lifting a lot now! Ive been tucking my briefs under my nuts overtime I go out! I just hope dad doesn't want to inspect when were out. He does that occasionally. I love the feeling of a full bladder. Im so glad you tough me! Yes sir I will not jack! The mails been shorter because I've been super busy, sorry.

Ive been blocking the pee a lot during the day. Really just got to get that method down. Yes sir, no jacking. He thought that giving up jacking all together was pretty man of me! thanks. Yeah he expects me to be soft by inspection after the shower. I will practice backing in the shower to. He was pissed of that I peed so while getting the belt that night. remember I got the belt for 15 minuets straight. then he made me mop it up. Ok, 2 to 3 quarts before bed.

Yeah ill go pee with friends. I can't wait to show them how long I can pee for. Ride to school is like 40 minuets. Taking a dumb before inspection is not an option, i just have to hold it. Ok, ill practice blacking while taking a dumb. Still making it through the night without peeing. I loved loved running without peeing. got it, once I'm about to piss myself, ill change into track shorts and chug a lot more water and go for long run. I would get in a lot of trouble if I talked to the neighbors shirtless, most of the time there are never out anyways.

I love feeling super masculine running having to pee. Its been almost a month since Ive jacked. Yeah dad keeps track of it. Lifting is going great! pushing it to the max. I asked dad to see if he would let lift shirtless, and he said being shirtless is something for grown men, but since I gave up jacking and showed manliness, he said I could lift shirtless. Ive never heard of mononhydrate, was is it? Dad is usually always out with me but not all the time. Dad will inspect me in the car or in the men's room. I probably won't tuck when were out.

I'm blocking all the time now! I used to pee fully 3 or 4 times a day, but now I just go a little so Im still full and hard. This morning dad was away so while I was doing chores I completely pissed myself, but I didn't realize it until I got back inside. I need to practice so I can know when I'm about to piss myself once school starts. I take a 32oz water bottle to school and i fill it up all day. Yes he said its manly for me to give up jacking, so I can start being shirtless while working out. I will definitely pee in spurts in shower. 3 quarts before bed, got it. Its actually been a few nights since I've gotten the belt! but tonight he said I was getting it.

For breakfast I have a piece of toast and banana. you??? Yeah I take a dumb after inspection. He inspects me after I get dressed to at the same time to check my uniform for the day. Ok chug water an hour before run. I love the super masculine feeling of running while having to piss bad. Ok hold it while lifting to stay hard. Yeah i can lift in track shorts. He wouldn't watch when i jack but he would let me know when I'm allowed to. Ill ask him to get creatine punch mix at Walmart. He makes me go to the mens room for an inspection, it doesn't matter if I have to pee or not. We went on a short trip yesterday.

I really like blocking with my finger. Ive gotten pretty good at it. Thank you for helping me learn how to do this. yeah, dad is telling me in advance when I'm going to get the belt. Ok, on nights I'm not going to get spanked go to bed desperate and drink 3 bottles of water and build up to 4. He told me I was pissing like a hose when i pissed on the floor. He was so mad. Yeah I get spanked right before bed, once I get spanked then I'm not allowed to do anything. what time do you go to bed? When doing chores i just thought i spurted a little, but it turns out it just all came out.

It was dripping down my leg. i didn't even realize. I would fill up my water like 3/4 times. Ok ill do what you said about breakfast. Wow I'm still so amazed you can play football full! You watch football??? what teams you like?? Lifting is going great! Starting to see results. Pushing myself to the max. I love running on a full bladder! its really awesome. I got the belt the other night because I didn't do a good job cleaning his boots. Hes been feeling my muscles quite often recently. Im a really horny guy, so I'm going to be really aggressive thanks for the tip. I can't wait to try the creatine punch mix. Thats going to be great!

Yeah I get harder as bladder gets fuller. you?? I really enjoy the feeling of blocking and bladder tensing up really hard. Yeah I've gotten pretty good at pressing further back when blocking. Im going to try to practice that in my school slacks. I have about 30 minuets before and after school once i get there and before i leave. I would love to be bursting on the bus. Lots of water before bus ride and while on bus. Lots of water on night when I'm not getting spanked. When I get spanked i have to keep my hands on my head, and count the licks out (one sir, two sir, etc.).

When he takes me to the bathroom after inspection he always pees in the urinal right next to me. He has been impressed lately that I pee longer than him now. When he asked why i was holing it i told him that i was practicing stretching my bladder. You work at the fair??? you like it??? Ok i will start measuring the time between when i start drinking to when bladder starts filling really fast. Do you watch any other sports??? I can't wait to show my classmates that i can piss like a real man. Do you like playing football??? I try to run at least 2 miles each time. He feels my muscles when lifting and during inspection. He usually checks my manhood every morning inspection. I love swimming! you? Yeah i really enjoy blocking. Dad was in the air force. Yeah he feels thigh muscles, abs, chest, lats, shoulders, arms, everything really. Ill start doing calf raises to.

When my dad comes in and tells me to wake up, I have to be at attention within seconds! I'll ask him to inspect my manhood right when i wake up. thats a great idea. I really enjoy feeling of blocking and bladder tensing up hard. yeah its better to piss myself at home than at school. have you ever pissed yourself at school??? Yeah, some boys sit with with their hand between their legs at school. Im probably going to have to do it through pocket because my school slacks are thick. Ive been practicing, dad makes me wear them out a lot. Ill have to do a quart at home, on the bus, and at school because i can only take one water bottle. i get pretty hard when i block.

You??? I can't wait to tuck at school, to show off my manhood. I get up pretty early on school days to do morning chores. I can't wait to be busting on the bus home. Dad was impressed i was stretching my bladder. He's every impressed how long I go when I'm pissing next to him. Yes hands on head while getting spanked, so definitely can't block. Yeah I keep a lot of water in my room so I can drink a lot after getting the belt. I keep increasing a little every night. I don't watch wrestling much, I watch a lot of baseball, football, and golf. You dive? thats cool! I always wanted to do that when I was on swim team. I can definitely run longer when busting for a pee. he feels them a few times when lifting. yours? He felt them more after i asked him to. Wow a speedo when swimming? I wear briefs and track shorts. He loves that I am holding my pee and stretching my bladder, ill ask him to rub my bladder after lifting and ill do lifting while having to pee bad to impress him. thanks.

Sorry for not responding much lately. dads been restricting my computer time. I wish my dad would let me wake up a little slower, but if I'm to slow I would defiantly get the belt. i asked him if he could inspect my manhood right from getting out of bed, but he said no because thats part of morning inspection. Its usually just me and my dad, my moms job requires her to be away a lot. what about you??? Were going to walmart today, so I'm going to ask if i can get the creatine mix. Im definitely going to have to start opening and closing my legs a lot when sitting when busting for a pee at school now. I will try your method about raising the front of my thighs and then open and close thighs.

I really want class mates to see me busting for a piss but not going to pee. thats a good idea about using an old pop bottle for a second water bottle, ill do that. thats cool you don't have to do chores before going to school! dad makes me do all kinds of stuff before school. I drink a lot of orange and apple juice. Ill put my extra water bottle in my backpack. Yeah tuck on the bus but defiantly untuck before gym. dad is very impressed I'm stretching bladder and how long i can pee. i have massaged my bladder a lot and dad has to. thats cool you guys get around the no shirt no service rule.

Im going to drink a lot of water before i get spanked so bladder can fill up and then ill let half a pee out right before. I can't use the internet at night because dad blocks it. Wow you pee during games thats cool! Dad says he will let me be bursting for a piss during chores so i can work faster and harder. I just crossed my 1 month without jacking point yesterday actually. If dads watching sports than I'm allowed to watch with him. the 30 minuets just applies to non sports tv. My swim team wasn't at school.

I just got burned out. You get to get rid of body hair? thats cool! dad wants be to be hairy everywhere. thats something he checks very carefully. lifting is going great. glad to be getting back into it. On Saturdays dad has me watch sermons. Lots of water before school, got it. He would never let me wear shorts out! he believes men should always be in pants which sucks. Definitely longer runs. We have a pool so i can go swimming quite often. We have an amusement park we go to quite often. I love roller coasters. You?? Ive been wrestling friends while bursting, its a lot of fun! Its really cool i can share this stuff with you!

Dads not a fan of technology so i really don't know why he keeps limiting my computer time. He has eased up on me a little but not much. he is proud that i have given up jacking and that i am developing discipline. I don't think that he doesn't want me hard at inspection but he doesn't want to change the order that insects in. I don't know. I've been figuring out my limits of how long i can hold it. and I've been practicing your method. We have a carbon water filter on faucet to. I don't mind waking up early much anymore, I find it creates discipline. i also have to go to bed pretty early.

When i sit I've been opening snd closing legs to help ease. He's been massaging my bladder quite often. Ill see if he would like to massage after chores. Bladder hurt much worse when standing. you? Ive showed him how i can start and stop a few times, he impressed. Ive been drinking so much before we go places so i can show him how long i can pee. Yes sir going to be desperate as i can. good idea about blocking to get back to sleep. dad keeps my jack date on a calendar. I've been super hard lately. defiantly stronger urges in prostrate area. you only wear pants when its freezing??? how many pairs do you even have? one??? thats crazy. running with a full bladder is awesome, really making me go longer.

3 miles every day. Im really trying to find the time between when i start gorging on water to where your bladder starts swelling really fast. We a gym uniform at school, we have to changes out of our normal uniform into our gym uniform back into our normal uniform which is a pain. Im glad dad is letting me be busting for morning chores. yes bladder must be bursting when watching sports, ill ask him to massage then. Yeah i barely get to watch anything good during my 30 minuets a day. Dad wants me to really hairy like him. I wish i could shave some areas because its very hot.

I have to have my face shaved everyday up to military standards. he does not like facial hair or sideburns. I have to listen to lots of sermons, almost one every day. thats what we listen to in the car. never music. we live deep in the south. you??? I bet your very cold out in just shorts at 20 degrees. I love running swimming and wrestling while busting. friends are so impressed that i can hold it. Im trying to tell my friends to hold their pee too. Lots of water at theme parks. I go by myself with friends to the park. I don't have passes, you? Dads been massaging my muscles a lot lately! sorry im having to cut these last questions short, my computer time is almost up.

Dad hates technology. Ill try pissing after inspection to see if he minds me being hard. Bladder tight all day is a must! When school starts ill definitely try to get away with peeing after morning chores. One quart in the first half of last class, then wait till after school to piss. Then gorge on water after school and drink lots on the bus. Ill stand far back so they can see the force of the pee when i piss. At the theme park i will not piss once, and ill drink lots before i go. If i spurt ill tell dad I'm developing discipline.

I was like 13 or 14 when i had wet dreams. you?? We got creatine punch mix. I will definitely do chores having not pissed and if i piss myself ill just keep holding it. Old jeans for sure. What type of jeans you like to wear? Ive been increasing how much i drink at bedtime, some nights i wake up, and then on the next night i back just a hair to get through the night. we recently decided to switch schools, so I'm not really sure about the lunch program but dad usually makes me bring my own. Ive been saving lots of the 1 liter pop bottles. Dads fine if i piss myself outside but he said ill get in trouble if i piss myself while in the house. Opening and closing legs with leaning well forward and legs raised high up so your thighs are hitting the sides of your bladder is good, i enjoy it. makes me real hard. ok ill block near the end of each class so i can hold it walking.

Ive been practicing being confident while hard. Dad really likes me being busting. I lift much harder the more busting i am. you??? Hes fine if i leak a little while lifting. I've been encourage him to massage my bladder even more, and to massage my muscles more. as well as flexing them for him to feel. he massages from all angles. Bladder is pretty full when all the way full. a couple of movies on Saturdays before you pee? how many? Yes I'm desperate as i can be at home and on the trips to town with lots of water before and during trips to town. I will write jack date on my stuff to. I'm not allowed to short the door when i pee so he is willing to watch me pee at home.

Good idea about the non perishable food in case of disaster. Bladder will be busting for sports, it might be hard for his to massage my bladder through my polo tucked into cargo shorts, but ill ask if i can change into track clothes. Cant wait for gym class while busting. Ive asked for an hour of tv but he said no. Im currently building up my cardio. yes, fully naked for changing for gym. Good you don't have side burns either. I would enjoy shaving arms and legs but dad wants me very hairy. Sometimes i wrestle friends shirtless. Im not sure dad would like to see how hard i am. I don't think he would ever let me go shirtless at home if i wasn't working out. We live pretty far from our theme park, but i think they have passes you can get. Didn't respond yesterday dad had me very busy.

Haha, yeah I know Tennessee isn't really "deep" in the south but its still the south and thats way to deep for me! Ive never been to the jack daniels distillery, but I have been to Memphis and Nashville. Im not really sure why dad hates technology, he always not been a fan of it. Ive been holding it until after inspection and then after chores, he hasn't said anything. Ive been tucking my rod under the waist band so its pointed up and stays in place. When I take my briefs down he handles it the same if I was soft. Yes bladder tight all day. Ok, ill drink a pint of orange juice before chores. piss 20 minutes before time for bus, then again right before going to get the bus, got it. quart water bottle and quart pop bottle full and drink that on the bus. Ill show off as much as I can to the guys. Ill ask if I can get a school lunch. Lots of water before going to the park. if i find i can't stop peeing when i start piss myself use blocking to stop the flow.

Ive been doing anywhere between 2 to 2 and a half quarts before bedtime. I asked if he could spank me a little earlier in the night and he said he has to do right before i go to sleep or right when I wake up. I don't know which is worse. A few times i was able to go back to sleep with blocking, but other times i had to go let a little out. It another all boys school, dad doesn't want me to be around girls because he knows I won't focus very well. Dad really likes me busting. I've been busting bad all day at home. I think he would get annoyed if I asked him to watch me pee.

I lift over carpet. Wow you play football without the cup??? have you ever got hit in the nuts??? Ive never touched another guys manhood or kissed a guy, but if thats something your into go for it. 3 movies with out pissing??? wow! I wouldn't mind shaving my arms to see who i might like it and wear sleeveless tees but I don't even have a single sleeveless tee. dad checked bladder a few times while watching the seromons. I like not jacking, making me really horny. Thank for the creatine mix instructions, going to need those!

"/averageman"

"/averageman" · M

I only went to Nashville when I was younger, but in Memphis Ive seen a few museums, tours. I love doing inspection then chores with intense morning wood. makes me feel super manly. I leak a lot during morning chores. I really love it. I always have a belt on, but good idea about tightening it. Ive been practicing stopping the leaks. I've gotten pretty good at it. ill practice jumping to. Any suggestions on a good multi vitamin mineral tablet??? Yeah he didn't mind me being hard at inspection as long as i kept my rod tucked upwards behind the waistband, its actually pretty comfortable. Ill keep my belt as tight as I can. Yes, I've been getting dad to massage my bladder and muscles more and more. yes lots of leg opening and closing leaned forward legs raised to make sure i don't spurt. I would love to be rock hard at school and impressing the other boys how much i can drink. We switched schools because it has sports and better classes.

They were both private. there is still a uniform of dress shoes, socks, slacks, dress shirt and tie. Yeah really turned on by girls, thats why dad keeps me at a all male school. yeah boys are better at wrestling, i can see why they are more fun. Good balls are safe during football, dad has me wear a cup sometimes to keep them safe. Ill see if he would like to watch me pee. Good idea about the tows during workouts. I will push as hard as I can when bursting! Dad was very impressed with how big bladder is when bursting. Thats good you can watch 2-3 movies while busting and then wrestle. Ive definitely been hard when wrestling with friends. I don't think I would like to touch another guys manhood. Yeah dad checked bladder a few times during sermons. Ive definitely been seeing size and strength gains on all the muscles when working with weights. Last week I went to church busting and it was great! I don't know if ny classmates have been without jacking, we don't really talk about that.

I only went to Nashville when I was younger, but in Memphis Ive seen a few museums, tours. I love doing inspection then chores with intense morning wood. makes me feel super manly. I leak a lot during morning chores. I really love it. I always have a belt on, but good idea about tightening it. Ive been practicing stopping the leaks. I've gotten pretty good at it. ill practice jumping to. Any suggestions on a good multi vitamin mineral tablet??? Yeah he didn't mind me being hard at inspection as long as i kept my rod tucked upwards behind the waistband, its actually pretty comfortable. Ill keep my belt as tight as I can. Yes, I've been getting dad to massage my bladder and muscles more and more. yes lots of leg opening and closing leaned forward legs raised to make sure i don't spurt. I would love to be rock hard at school and impressing the other boys how much i can drink.

We switched schools because it has sports and better classes. they were both private. there is still a uniform of dress shoes, socks, slacks, dress shirt and tie. Yeah really turned on by girls, thats why dad keeps me at a all male school. yeah boys are better at wrestling, i can see why they are more fun. Good balls are safe during football, dad has me wear a cup sometimes to keep them safe. Ill see if he would like to watch me pee.

Good idea about the tows during workouts. I will push as hard as I can when bursting! Dad was very impressed with how big bladder is when bursting. Thats good you can watch 2-3 movies while busting and then wrestle. Ive definitely been hard when wrestling with friends. I don't think I would like to touch another guys manhood. Yeah dad checked bladder a few times during sermons. Ive definitely been seeing size and strength gains on all the muscles when working with weights. Last week I went to church busting and it was great! I don't know if ny classmates have been without jacking, we don't really talk about that.

Yes, lots of leakage happens during morning chores. lots of water increase everyday on bus to school until I'm just about to piss myself. Yes rock hard all day from busting. lots of blocking and leg opening and closing really hard on the sides of my swollen bladder. yes full breakfast and lunch. lots of extra leaking with tight belt for chore. School starts tomorrow. Tomorrow ill pee the rest of the way in my jeans during morning chores before going in the house. I love the feeling of pissing fully in jeans. yes I'm pushing my bladder to the max to where I'm leaking while weightlifting. Im really starting to see a difference in muscle strength and size with the creatine! Yes sir doing the workout everyday just like you gave it to me. Yes longer runs! definitely lots of water before runs so I'm pissing myself as i running. I spend about an 30 to 45 minutes lifting a day now. The white crew neck shirts are short sleeved. i wear them under my work shirts, polos, and dress shirts.

School makes us wear one to. Yeah dad is feeling my muscles and bladder even more, he's very impressed. The boys at school will be very impressed. Ill do a lot more leg opening and closing at home to make the muscles stronger. Dad doesn't really say anything about how i drink two quarts before bed. Dad has me wear a cup all the time just for protection. Ive been hit quite a few times in the balls. He wears one to a lot. Im so excited to see the eclipse! Yes, super hard and lots more feelings in my prostrate. defiantly getting the urge. yeah very common to piss in soccer. My new school doesn't have woodworking or auto parts, but we do have computer science, and technology. Dad massages my bladder during inspection. I asked if i could block while getting spanked, but dad told me I have to take my spankings like a man and keep my hands on my head. At the new school we have baseball, basketball, cross-country, football, soccer, swimming, tennis, and wrestling.

I really enjoy the leakage during morning chores. I love how the feeling of each spurt as it leaks despite the fact than I'm trying so hard not to pee. Yes extra leakage with tighter belt. Its awesome being rock hard from being busting for a piss. Im so glad we started talking. Schools been going good! been super busting and hard. This week I'm doing 2 quarts and then ill start to increase next week. The leg closing makes me start to leak sooner and it defiantly makes me harder. I brought a really big lunch yesterday and today to school. I really like when i piss myself in my work jeans.

Happens a lot. leaking while weightlifting is great. The towels work out great. dad doesn't mind if lead during workouts as long as i have towels down. he's really impressed how big my bladder is during workouts. yes tuck before getting on bus and drink water as quickly as i can until full. Bus rides about a half an hour to the new school. pissing myself as I'm running is great to. leaks feel great to. yes i do jumps to while i run. love running on a full bladder. I do two 45 minuet workouts. so 3 sets in the morning and 3 in the afternoon. dad likes the gains in my muscle size a bunch he's a lot more involved with my workouts and he had been holding your muscles and feeling them as i flex as i lift.

The cup really restricts how hard i can get when I'm out. Ive gotten in a bunch of fights with other guys and in the south its pretty common for you to get punched in the nuts. hurts like hell. dad just knows i drink a lot of water at bedtimes. he's very impressed when he feels my bladder when i wake up. yes super hard and lot more feeling in prostrate. yes sir no jacking. Yes lots of drinking during practice. ill defiantly have teamates feel my full bladder. Im just taking a basic computer class. are you taking any tech classes? School makes me put my uniform back on after practice.

Dad makes me wear it for the rest of the day instill i get spanked. new school has a weight room! super pumped about that! Ill see if i can sign up for wrestling as my winter sport. Yeah little fat in me. how tall are you? Ive been going to church only having a pissed a small amount. you definitely can't see my form in a suit at church. yes ill be fully naked in gym and for soccer while putting school uniform in locker before putting your gym or soccer gear on. yes lot more water before and after the belt so you can be busting by time you go to sleep. I agree that taking a spanking while desperate to pee and blocking my piss as my bladder is spasming really hard during the spanking is taking it like a man too, but dad has his rules.

I really enjoy the leakage of morning chore. i also like how the spurts feel as i try real hard not to leak. good you’ve been going to football practices holding morning pee and drinking lot before and during practice. yes I’m doing morning workout holding morning pee then doing chores. then afternoon workout when i get home busting. I split the creatine. Ill check out your weight room workout. At my school you have to ask permission to use the wight room, and then you have to be supervised. And my study hall isn’t near gym class, I don’t want to have to change in and out of my uniform twice. I could take wrestling. I would love to.

Sorry i should have specified. soccer is during an actual period not after school. I am glad we started talking to. I think i could hold more, going up 2 cup on bus, i can do that. and then using blocking to tire out bladder. Yeah a few classmates noticed i was hard, i just told them I’m going with out jacking and then i told them about how I’m expanding my bladder and creating discipline. they don’t really say anything about me opening and closing my legs in class. I’ve been bragging to the other boys that I’m busting for a piss but holding it all day at school because i drawing 2 quarts on the bus.

Soccer is good. Im so ready for doing haunted houses busting to pee. Yes leg opening and closing makes you leak sooner and get harder.I don’t know why dad doesn’t want me to eating school lunches. he’s probably just to cheap. It awesome pissing fully in work jeans at end of chore. been do in it for the last couple weeks. I asked if he would wake me up by pressing on my bladder, but he said no. he usually just opens the door and says “up boy” and the i jump out of bed and stand at attention. Yeah I’m blocking regularly during lifting to hold more. yeah i was able to get all the water drank on bus ride. I run in the morning holding morning pee. Ive had 1 male teacher ask for me to take care of it the restroom, so i went to the restroom and tucked up under my belt for that class. but thats it. Yeah me and the other boys do alot of chatting while nude in the locker room and while we shower.

I'll see if he will hold my muscles the entire time as your lifting. Bladder gets full by second class. In gym we’ve only take about safe exercise, its been really boring. The fights were nothing major just a few pushes and shoves that lead to getting punched in the nuts. Ive already modified my cup. Thanks for the advise on a comeback. i haven’t been in a fight in a really long time. yeah dad dresses me like a nerd so i wouldn’t be surprised. but thankfully everyone at school wears the same thing, so usually not any fights happen at school. i’m not really an aggressive person either. 

Ill defiently look into those videos and book about wrestling. yeah dad makes me wear my uniform when I’m going to be spanked. yes lot of drinking before practice and when i get out of last class. 6’4 thats impressive I’m just 6’1. yes busting bad at church. yes the more man i become the less of the belt i get. Bladder is defienly bigger now. gym is my 5th period. Good idea about the computer ill definely do that.

Yeah i have an old desk top computer in my room that i use. Dads doesn't know i pee my jeans after i do chores. This Sunday I'm definitely going to church having not pissed yet. Usually i just go a little before, but this week I'm going completely full. I am up front a lot to at my church. i also do collection. What kinda church do go to? I would kill to wear shorts and a polo to church, but as you know dad has me wear an unfitted suit with pleated pants. he buys all my slacks pleated. I would really like to wear the flat front ones. Does dad help pick your clothes out when you go shopping??? Where do you buy clothes from??? yes, gorge on water entire time after last class and on buss home.

Bus ride home busting is great! really like the bumps the bus hits. Ill print out your weight room workout and take it with me to weight room. during the school year, dad has me up at 5am. he has me getting ready for bed by 7:30 and the the belt if i get it that day and lights out by 8pm. We just learn soccer and play each other. Ill definitely ask to start using the weight room. yes, ill study soccer books for the next couple of weeks and watch soccer training videos.

Then switch to studying wrestling books and watching training videos. i already asked in could lift in just gym shorts, but he's making just wear the briefs now. yeah i need to block before both gym and soccer so I’m really hard when naked to show off my man hood. i try to stand fir as long as i can naked when talking with others in locker room. a lot of the other boys stand around naked to. some are also hard. ok, go up one cup a day on bus until i van find my limit where i barely can make it through school without pissing myself.

Classmates were impressed when i told them I’m going without jacking and training my bladder. A few other said they also went without jacking. yeah that one teacher was pretty mad at me. most of our teacher are men. yeah I’ve been telling other boys that I’m drinking 2 quarts on the bus and that I’m not going to pee all day at school until after last class. yes defiantly shower hard. there is a lot of horsing around that happens in the shower! most of us are naked. yes comparing muscles. Soccer is a little hard on a full bladder, defiantly leaked a little. we have different color in soccer. dad has lots of money he’s just cheap in the way he spends it. dad has always escorted me around town. i would never start a fight in my life, but I’m never going to not participate in one, ya know? I’ve defiantly punched a few folks. dad thinks blacking is very smart.

Yes bladder gets full by the end of the first class and i do stay hard all day. i guess safe exercise is just like to make sure were exercising safely? I’m not even sure. yeah i heated up my cup to ben it. yeah were both pretty tall. at this new school everyone boy has to participate in gym, its only 2 days a week. we get taught how to exercise “safely”, and we play sports, and do some lifting. study hall is after gym. ill ask to lift then. i haven’t seen any fights at this new school. yes naked for the belt. I’m definitely going to start saving your messages to the word pobrsesser now. thanks than we talk more often! no theme park lately. yes dad is urging me to get bladder even bigger. on Sunday i do chores after church. I’m defiantly getting harder longer and more often and the feeling In prostrate keeps increasing.

( this is the part i wonder about. my bus got me home at 4. so he would have 3 hours to lift for a hour. eat for close to a hour , then hour homework before getting ready before bed, so if he is being made to work at dads friend ranch after school how is he doing the weightlifting, eating supper and doing homework??? I always had far more then a hour of homework week nights then longer homework to do on weekend when he says he is working at ranch all weekend)

Once i finish peeing my jeans after chores, i rinse them off while I'm wearing them with the hose and than leave to dry for the next day. yes dad is encouraging me not to pee, at first he was a little hesitant but now when i wake he actually instructs me not to pee for a while. Last week he didn't want me to pee before church but we agreed to go a little before to play it safe. but this Sunday I'm going to hold it like a man and go to church having not pissed yet. defiantly have water bottles in car so i can gorge on water once i get out of church. yes, gorge on water on Saturday.

I don't think anyone has noticed how i can piss like a horse when were out. wow you get to go to a cathedral??? thats cool! dads never bought clothes for me online! usually he takes me to department store for dress clothes or Walmart for work clothes. do you like cowboy boots? have any??? would that be considered weird where you live??? here lots wear cowboy boots. dad lets me wear dress boots with my suit to church. what brand are the dressy shorts you wear to church? I still can't believe you wear shorts so much! we southerners wear pants all year round. yes gorging on water after last class until time to get on bus so i can be super full for the ride home, good idea about sitting in the back to feel extra bumps. ill increase a cup a day. soccer is an earlier class. we have gym Tuesday/Thursday and our sport on the other days. yes I need to learn soccer fast for the next couple of weeks reading books and watching training videos.

I'll look up dan gable and watch his wrestling videos. wow your naked until you leave for the bus? Yes i will block before gym and soccer to show man hood and also to keep from leaking. yeah dad makes me lift in just briefs now, but he wants me fully clothed the rest of the day. yes bus ride home busting is great. ill try to get undressed as fast as i can in gym and soccer so I’m naked longer. class mates were really impressed that I’m going with out jacking and I’m holding pee. once they felt it, the believed i truly haven’t peed all day. there was actually two others hold theirs to. no comparing manhoods. yeah defiantly keep rod in briefs for that teacher.

I’ve been peeing after last class to show the other boys how long and hard i can piss for. they can't believe how long i pee for. i love horsing around in the showers. yes good male bonding. we just horse around standing up. thats a good idea about starting a club. in gym we play kick ball, basketball, and we run the track. he doesn’t go around town me all the time. yes i was able to heat up cup to bend. yes its super cool dad is urging me to get bladder bigger and likes me blocking. yes lots of water in car so i can gorge on water soon as i get in car after church. yeah after Sunday chores is when i lift. yes I’m getting harder more often and feeling still increasing in prostrate. i like the feeling but it is frustrating at times. yeah I’ve been doing the twisting crunches with weight on side twisting up. yes lot of leg opening and closing in class so I’m really hard and class mates know I’m busting.yes I’m able to hold more and more in my sleep.

Yes rinse jeans off with the hose. yes dad is encouraging me to pee. I don't know he won't wake me by pressing firmly on my bladder. he does that during inspection. yes abs tense up when my bladder tenses up hard. yes have him to massage my bladder a lot. he has me strip down quite often to massage my muscles a lot too. yes he is holding my muscles as I'm lifting now. ill see if i can lift naked. he really likes me drinking 2 quarts on bus then not peeing all day at school until after school. Tomorrow for church, dad says i can't pee before church so ill be busting at church, and then were going out to go eat breakfast, and then ill have to do chores, so ill have to wait until after. ill definitely have to do blocking if i feel like I'm going to leak at church. no never had others standing beside me with dad seeing me piss. Thats good you help the teaches with the gang kinds.

I don't know why we always wear pants here, maybe its because so many wear boots, and you can't wear shorts with boots. If you go out lots of the women are in shorts but most of the men its pants. but you have to remember i live in the intense "country" part of Tennessee. My church is big to. yes filling water bottles up so i can drink them on the bus. yes will increases water a cup a day on buss until i start to leak a bit in class. we got the store brand multi vitamin mineral tablets. no draw string on the shorts for soccer. jumping and running is defiantly hard when busting. yes i get super hard from it. we all have to wear briefs for soccer. coach is making all they guys wear them. defiantly going to have to study soccer and wrestling videos. ill sign up for wrestling on monday. yes the other boys are impressed with me staying hard all day. lifting in briefs is fine. he won't let be naked. ill have to answer your other questions later.

Yes dad is constantly encouraging me to my my pee. i asked if he would press on my bladder to wake me up but he said no, i think your right, he knows i would piss the bed. so he just sticks to his usual abrupt military awakening. he's very impressed how big my bladder is in the morning. church went good. no accidents. i woke up busting. it was defiantly a long service. my duties at church was so hard. my legs were shaking most of the time, then we went to breakfast and when we got there dad made me sit and watch him pee. that was rough. then we got home and dad watched me as i did chores.

He was testing me all morning until i finally just pissed. yes definitely using that pent up energy from not jacking for weightlifting. we wear short sleeved shirts a lot just not tank tops. yes I keep increasing water on bus to school until leaking more then a few spurts even with blocking. the bus ride home is really hard. yes other boys are impressed with me being hard all day. i didn't really have a reason for the name. just came to me i guess.

I know, we do have so much to talk about! dad has me working for one his friends on their ranch in the afternoon and the weekends, so thats been eating up a lot of time. plus i have lots of homework. Ive been holding 3 quarts at school this passed week! which is great! I'm super busting. i leak a lot during gym/soccer. yes dad is very impressed how big bladder is for morning. I’ve pretty much found my limit on how much i can drink before bed. what do you mean by sleeveless tees? short sleeved or tank top??? yes my duties were very tough at church and legs were shaking but i held it. 

Dad made me come in the bathroom and watch him pee to create discipline. yes dad inspected my jeans during chores to make sure there was no leakage. my legs were trembling at this point. abs were very tense. then once i finished my work he let me piss my jeans. it felt unbelievable. i was really hard. yes using pent up energy for lifting. weight room is great! been doing your workout. i found almost everything. i had to google a few things. they don’t have a leg curls leg extension, but they did have a lat bar pull down. i had to do chest flys on a setup ramp. its a pretty small weight room.

Dad really liked me holding it for church, restaurant, and chores. he says thats going to be mandatory from now on. he’s now starting to punish me by not letting me pee now. which i prefer over getting spanked. I’m defiantly more confident in holding it from my experience last Sunday. yes bus ride home had been tough. very hard. only a few tine leaks. yeah dad made me tighten my belt at church. yes my bladder is super tight and leaking a lot with lot to drink before lifting and running. dad likes holding my muscles while I’m lifting. no haven’t sat between his legs yet. gym and soccer is going really well. what about your sports? i bet a few people noticed i was busting at church. when i made my account i wanted to just be an “average” person, and i am male.

So average man is was. yes he had me drink lots of water to hold for saturday. it was really tough watching him pee at the restaurant, i was sweating with my belt super tight in my hot black suit. when we got home before i changed into my work clothes and boots, my briefs undershirt and dress shirt were drenched. studying soccer is good. yes I’m all signed up for wrestling. ill see if i can stay in briefs at home a little bit. we have to run a mile in gym everyday. yes i like chatting naked with different groups. dad loves I’m doing sports again. that why we changes schools. I turned 18 last month. I’m pretty sure the public schools have sports teams playing against other sports teams. i was very hard at church and the resturant. pretty much everytime im busting im hard. the combination of pain and pleasure is something i like.

