The Lottery Curse

Author: TrailRunner

*000*2016-05-27 19:33

It's a tax on the stupid. Casino games are a sucker bet, but at least there are flashing lights and free drinks. Horse racing has drama. Betting on a game gives you a team to root for. But the lottery? A bored cashier prints out a ticket and a few days later you find out that you did, in fact, lose two dollars.

Lottery tickets aren't bought for the drawing, they're bought for those few days of daydreaming. Maybe it's a sports car, or a mansion, or just the satisfaction of telling a boss you quit. It's not about the thrill and the sweat of gambling, it's about the distraction.

Theresa Snyder needed a distraction. It was one of Those Days at the office, only Those Days had been happening much more frequently. Her branch's sales had been declining steadily, and the empty cubicles spoke volumes. Some were laid off, others saw the writing on the wall and bolted. There were rumors about more layoffs coming, and where did that leave her? What use was there for a secretary if so few employees remained?

Lunch was still two hours away. 120 minutes spent contemplating a bleak future was a poor prospect, so she decided to take a walk. The calendar turned to spring weeks before, but like most trends, it was late getting to Ohio. The cold air dug its claws in as soon as she stepped outside. The sky reflected her mood, the sort of gray that only existed in the midwest. It wasn't supposed to rain. It's just how things were.

She strolled by the dreary office buildings and started into the park. A city worker was fighting a losing battle, picking up one piece of trash as two more flew by in a gust. Even outside the office, the gloom remained. Theresa thought about her daughters, Sarah and Shannon. Sarah was finishing up middle school, while her sister was just starting there. After that came high school, and then, who knows? Finalizing her divorce a few years ago made her dip into her savings, and a broken bone not long after required the rest. Shannon was getting fitted for braces next month and that was going to be hard enough to pay for even if she kept her job. Paying for college? Might as well plan on buying them a spaceship, she thought. The opportunity that she never got seemed like it would elude her daughters, too.

Her legs delivered her to the opposite side of the park before her mind had noticed. She cursed under her breath. She had only planned on a quick walk but she must've been walking for ten minutes, which meant another ten to get back. She started to turn around but a line across the street caught her eye. They were snaked out the door and around the corner of a deli.

"Get your lucky ticket here!" a chalkboard in front boasted. In the window, the neon sign read $1,999,999,999. The current jackpot was not only breaking records, but automated signs too. There had been twenty drawings in a row without a winner, and a winning ticket for the 21st drawing was going to be worth $2.5 billion.

Theresa looked at her watch. She really should get back to the office, she thought. A twenty minute break was already pushing it, but it still didn't feel like enough. She joined the line, if only to kill more time. As she moved toward the counter, she silently wished someone would cut her off. That's the story every winner has, right? Some jerk jumped in front of them in line, grabbed their ticket, and then the next one was the big winner?

No such luck. "One for tonight's drawing," she said.

The clerk printed the ticket. "Feels like a lucky one!" he said with mock enthusiasm.

It really was time to get back to the office now. She retraced her steps through the park, wondering what she'd buy first. Definitely a new house, she thought. In California. On the beach. With a swimming pool and a tennis court and deck to relax on. In the driveway, a shiny new convertible, you know, for when you want to give the chauffeur a day off. Oh, and there would be a big chandelier right inside the house, and giant windows that overlooked the water and--

"Where have you been?" her boss demanded as she arrived back at work. It was back to reality. The distraction was over.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

This is my school. If you go here, your parents are either millionaires, or your parents work for millionaires. Neptune, California, a town without a middle class.

That's how Veronica Mars opens. It's the entire premise of the show. Class mattered, a lot, and Veronica was caught between the rich and the poor. It works really well, as long as you ignore the obvious plot hole: Wouldn't the rich parents just send their kids to a private school?

If they did, the Hagan-Archer School is what it would look like. Four classic brick buildings surrounded a lush, expansive quad. The campus sprawled out from there with the sleek and the modern: a science center, a new theater, a football stadium that made colleges jealous. All paid for by one wealthy graduate or another. Athletes, executives, actors, even a Supreme Court justice all got their start at Hagan-Archer.

Sarah Snyder wasn't thinking about any of that. She just wanted to know where she was supposed to be. She flashed back to her first day of middle school and remembered how crazy having three wings in one school seemed. Now there were a dozen buildings. She continued around the quad, feeling like Harry Potter at King's Crossing, looking around for other students disappearing into a wall. She snapped out of her wizarding daydream when another girl approached her.

"Hey!" she said, slightly out of breath. "Do you have any idea where Zack Ramsey is?"

Sarah didn't even know where she was, let alone this mystery man.

"Umm, no?"

"Damn," the redheaded girl replied. "The coaches said he'd be out here after film study but he's not and he needs to be at the freshman orientation in Brecker in five minutes."

Sarah looked around, confused. Who's this girl, who's Zack Ramsey, and most importantly, what's this freshman orientation? Was she supposed to be there? What's Brecker? The other girl started to get impatient.

"Ugh, forget it, you're new here?"

Sarah nodded.

"You're supposed to be over in Brecker Hall... it's the big glass building right next to this one." With that, she took off to resume her search. Sarah lingered for a moment, then started off toward the building to which the other girl had pointed. She couldn't believe this was part of the school, it looked more like some futuristic office.

She wiped beads of sweat off her brow as she was met with a cool blast of air conditioning, a welcome difference from the heat. A high-pitched woman seated behind a table greeted her.

"Hi, you're a new face!" she said. "Come on over, I can get you checked in. What's your name?"

"Sarah."

"Ah, yes, Miss Snyder! So glad to meet you, my name is Kate Resnick, I'm the director of admissions here. I was the one who reviewed your application, we're very excited to have you here at Hagan-Archer!"

What kind of school was this, Sarah thought to herself, where the teacher was giving her first name and calling her Miss Snyder?

Mrs. Resnick handed Sarah a folder. "You can head on into the theater, the freshman Dean will be getting started any minute!"

The theater. At every other school it's an auditorium, but here it's a "theater". Sarah wondered when she would get used to stuff like that. She walked in and took a seat a few rows up. Even "theater" seemed to undersell it. This was Broadway. No, it was bigger than Broadway. The plush seats, the ornate curtain, the overhanging balconies... it wasn't like any school she had ever seen.

That sort of revelation was becoming more routine. Sarah had no idea how much could change in four months, but it was easier to count the things that hadn't. Ohio rain turned to California sun. Her bedroom, all to herself now, was bigger than the one she used to share with Shannon. And Hagan-Archer was a bit different than an underfunded public school.

"You're in my spot."

"Huh?" Sarah looked up to see a blonde girl staring at her.

"I said, you're in my spot. See, my bag is right there." The girl pointed to a purse on a seat down the row.

"Um, sorry, I guess I'll move."

"Oh, there's no need for that," she said with mock sincerity. "I just didn't think I could squeeze past you."

Her friends behind her snickered as Sarah blushed. Apparently weighing a little more than average in Ohio translated to something worthy of ridicule here.

"No, really, it's no problem at all," the blonde continued sarcastically, to her friends' delight.

"Look, just let me out of the aisle and I'll sit somewhere else." Sarah could feel the knots in her stomach tightening. Why did her very first experience at a new school have to be this?

"But we haven't even gotten to know each other! I don't remember seeing you at all in middle school. Here, I'll start, I'm Gabby, what's your name?"

"Sarah," she said. "I moved here from Ohio."

"Okay, Sarah from Ohio, what's your deal?"

"My deal?"

"Did you stumble into the wrong school? I mean, you were in Ohio, now you're here. So? Parents get a new job?"

"Uh, no, we... won the lottery." For some reason the group of girls found this to be uproarious. She felt her cheeks turn red again.

"Oh, Sarah, that explains a lot," Gabby said. "Well, this isn't Ohio. This is Hagan-Archer, and I've got one piece of advice for you: You can pay all the money in the world to come here, but you can't buy class. Now let me get my bag."

Sarah stood up let Gabby go by. Avoiding eye contact with the rest of the group, she walked up another few rows and sat back down. Her heart was racing and her stomach still churned. She felt like she had to pee, but that's because her nerves had every part of her body on edge. She hoped everybody at this school wasn't going to be that bitchy.

The speakers crackled and Sarah turned her head toward the stage where an older man was standing at the podium.

"Welcome, Hagan-Archer class of 2021! My name is Joseph Stewart, and I'm the Dean of Freshman here at the upper school. Now, the first thing you should know about me is that I hate big speeches like this, probably as much as you hate listening to them. I like to get to know everybody, one-on-one, so I'll be meeting you each individually later on this week. For right now, though, there's a tradition we have for all the freshman..."

"Inside your folder is a little booklet, that's your Hagan-Archer passport. Page one shows who your teammates are, and the rest of the pages are what you need to get stamped. Go around campus, explore, get to know your team, get to know the faculty. They'll be the ones stamping it, and once you've filled your passport up, come back here for a more formal orientation. Good luck!"

Sarah looked at her booklet. The teams looked to have been sorted alphabetically. Zack Ramsey, the mystery man from earlier, was on there. So was Gabrielle Tisdale. Sarah had a bad feeling about that second one. Her pulse quickened again and the urge to pee returned. Maybe they just got off to a bad start, she hoped as she stood up.

She walked down and trailed Gabby, since she had no idea what anyone else on her team looked like. But Gabby stopped to talk with one of her friends that Sarah recognized from earlier. She kept scanning the room, stopping on a brown-haired boy.

She wondered if he was really a freshman. He was almost a head taller than anyone else in the room, with a slender build but one that conveyed wiry strength. She subconsciously kept her eyes trained on him, admiring the way his shirt fit over his chest and arms.

"Why not take a picture, it'll last longer," she heard a familiar voice say.

Sarah turned and saw Gabby grinning at her own joke. "What?" was the only reply she could muster.

"You were totally checking him out, don't even try to lie!"

Sarah felt her ears burning. She wasn't sure what to say -- she had been checking him out. A little too blatantly, evidently.

"Don't have 'em like that in Ohio, do they? He's pretty hot, right?"

"Um, yeah, he's cute," Sarah said.

"Cute... right. You stop and stare at every cute boy you see?"

Sarah silently wished Gabby would just leave.

"Well, I'm glad he decided to come here and it looks like you are too," Gabby said.

Sarah still couldn't think of anything to say.

"Instead of De La Salle? There was a whole big thing?" Gabby looked at Sarah expectantly. It wasn't clicking. "It's Zack Ramsey! He's like the top quarterback in the country. He was supposed to go to De La Salle but wanted to play here instead. Looks like we're all on the same team for this passport thing, maybe you can tell him how hot you think he is."

Of all the last names in all the world, Sarah wondered, why did ours have to be one letter apart? Gabby walked off again to gossip with a friend and Sarah hoped they weren't talking about her. She still felt the signals from her bladder and she was pretty sure it wasn't just nerves anymore. Above one of the exits was a restroom sign, so she started off toward it.

"Hey, Sarah!" She stopped upon hearing Gabby's voice. "Come on, we're going to the library first, it's this way."

Sarah reversed course and tried to put her need out of her mind. It turned out that the rest of her team was another football player, Brandon, and Olivia, who was yet another of Gabby's friends. That left Sarah trailing awkwardly behind the two pairs, each locked in deep in conversation.

They got to the library and introduced themselves to Mrs. Cartwright, the librarian. She guided them around the endless maze of shelves, pointing out the fiction, the nonfiction, and the reference sections. It went from uninteresting to flat-out boring when Mrs. Cartwright started talking to Olivia about how her older brother was doing college. Sarah kept stealing glances at Zack, then at Gabby to make sure she hadn't noticed.

Finally they finished up and the librarian stamped and signed each of their passports. Sarah hoped they all wouldn't take this long, or at least that they'd be a little bit more exciting. The group exited the library and entered into the math and science building. They checked their booklets and stopped at room A8, home to a Mr. Carver.

The teacher, whose salt-and-pepper hair clashed with his boyish facial features, stood beside three easels with big placards resting on them at the front of his classroom.

"A-ha!" he exlaimed! "My first victi... er, visitors! Come on down, you're the first contestants." He gestured toward the front row of chairs, so Sarah walked forward with her team and took a seat.

"Picture yourself on a game show, grand prize is a brand new car. The other two prizes are Thanks For Playing t-shirts. They've got holes in them, they're not even 100% cotton, you don't want those. So let's win a car, eh? The grand prize is behind one of these three cards."

He pointed at Brandon. "How about you introduce yourself and pick a card for us?"

"Uh, door number 3... and I'm Brandon Talbot."

"Nice to meet you, Mr. Talbot. Now, what are the odds that he's picked out the car?"

"One in three?" Gabby offered, hesitantly.

"Right, one car, three cards, it wasn't a trick question. Your name?"

"Gabby Tisdale."

"Okay, Ms. Tisdale, how about this?" The teacher flipped over card number one, revealing a picture of a holey t-shirt. "Obviously that's a Zonk, so the car is behind either number two or number three. I'll give you a chance to change Brandon's choice. Do you want to take it?"

Gabby paused for a second. "No... because now either way it's one in two."

"Okay, yeah, that makes sense, right? Who agrees with that?"

Brandon, Olivia, and Zack raised their hands. Sarah kept hers down.

"Brandon, you picked it originally, so I'm sure you're attached to it. How about you two? Names?"

Zack spoke first. "I'm Zack Ramsey. It's like she said, there's an equal chance of it being behind either one, so it's 50/50." Olivia nodded along in agreement. "My name is Olivia Proefrock, and yeah I agree with that they both said... not sure what else there is."

"What about our one dissenter? First your name, then why you disagree."

"Sarah Snyder," she said, tensing up in her seat. The subtle ache in her bladder amped up as she thought through her explanation. "So I was thinking that because it was only one in three when he first picked, it meant he was less likely to be right about it. So it's still a one in three chance he's right, but sinice you flipped over the other one, that leaves a two in three chance that it's the one you haven't flipped."

"Hm, interesting," the teacher replied. "Is anyone swayed by Ms. Snyder's argument?"

The others exchanged glances, but nobody spoke.

"Well you may need to work on your persuasion, Sarah, but you're absolutely right," Mr. Carver said as he flipped the second card over, revealing the car. "Maybe you all could ask her for a ride?"

Sarah beamed. She liked this teacher. She looked over at Gabby and was met with a sneer.

"Anyway, as I'm sure you know my name is Mr. Carver and I'm one of the freshman math teachers here. If you're lucky enough to have me we'll do plenty more like this, because math isn't about rattling off figures. It's about using numbers to solve problems, and to make the best decisions we can. Math is scary to a lot of people, but that's because we as humans are just really bad at understanding numbers. For example, if people knew how astronomically unlikely they were to win the lottery, they'd never play."

Gabby let out a loud laugh.

"What?" Mr. Carver asked.

"Go on, tell him," Gabby said to Sarah.

"Oh yeah, umm... my family did win the lottery," Sarah said sheepishly.

"I see," he said, then took a long pause. "Well, another one of my lessons is about how you should never assume anything to be true without checking it out yourself, so I guess even I need a refresher from time to time. Anyway, I can get your passports signed and have you on your way."

The five of them lined up. Standing up put even more of an emphasis on her situation. She shifted her weight back and forth, but that did little to alleviate her need to pee. One by one the teacher signed the booklets, ending with Sarah.

"Nice work on that little riddle," he said. "Are you new to Hagan-Archer?"

"Yeah, I am."

"I thought so, otherwise I bet they'd have recruited you for the Mathletes in the lower school. Is that something you'd be interested in at all?

"Maybe, I guess, what is it?"

"It's a team competition, we face off with all the other schools in the area. I'm the advisor and we're always looking for new members. I can put you in touch with the captain and she can give you a harder sell than I, but I really think you'd be a good fit."

They talked for a few moments more until Mr. Carver looked to the door and saw Zack and Brandon waiting. "Ah, you'd better get going and join up with your team."

Out in the hallway, 40% of her team was missing. She looked around for Gabby and Olivia but didn't see any signs of them. She did see a bathroom, though, and this seemed like the perfect time to take care of her need. She could feel her body relaxing already as she started off toward the door, only to be met by her teammates.

"Way to show off in there," Gabby said sarcastically.

"What?"

Gabby put on a fake, nerdy-sounding voice. "Well, actually, because there was a one-third chance before, if you inverse the percentile and the fraction I calculate there's exactly a 66.8734 percent chance."

What was she even talking about?

"Don't worry, though, I bet you really impressed Zack. I heard he really goes for the math nerds!" Sarah stood silent as they laughed. She considered fighting back but it didn't seem worth it, and besides, she didn't even know what she could say. Apparently not knowing something was a badge honor for Gabby, so what good would calling her stupid do?

"Come on, we have to go to the next building and get this thing signed."

"Hold on, I just have to --" Sarah started but stopped as she looked back to see Zack and Brandon already walking away, with Gabby and Olivia turning to join them. Sarah's bladder was starting to send some real cries for relief but she didn't want to hold them up and have Gabby say something else. She tensed her thighs back up and quickly slipped her hand between them to apply the full clench.

Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Gabby looking back at her. Sarah let her hand fall back beside her body but it was too late. Gabby leaned over and whispered something to Olivia causing them both to giggle. Sarah tried to hide her embarrassment, not to mention her need to pee, as she caught up with the group.

To her great relief, Gabby said nothing and the five of them continued on their way. Sarah could feel her stride shortening as her bladder continued to put pressure on her urethra. They passed by another bathroom on their way out of the building, which Sarah stared at longingly.

Gabby suggested they go to the gym next, which was all the way on the other side of the campus. Sarah tried to keep her mind occupied, but with nobody talk to and no idea what any of the buildings she passed by were, her thoughts inevitably drifted back to how bad she needed to go to the bathroom.

They finally got to the gym, where they needed the signature of a teacher who also happened to be one of the football coaches. He didnt' have any problems for the group to solve, so he signed their booklets quickly, but Zack and Brandon started talking football with him.

Sarah felt unable to keep still, but prancing around the small coach's office wasn't really an option. She bounced her weight from one foot to another, then tried leaning against the wall, pushing her knees together, crossing her legs, anything to ease the pressure. Every time she looked over at Gabby, she noticed, it seemed like she was looking back.

She started to wonder if this was part of Gabby's new plan to make her miserable. Sarah was sure she knew about her situation, and her fidgeting was only confirming it. Why else would she keep looking at me, Sarah wondered. And why had she made us walk all the way across campus, to the only place in the whole school where there wouldn't be a girls bathrom?

Her pulse quickened as she continued to convince herself of the theory. Now every time it seemed like Zack and Brandon's conversation with the coach was about to end, Gabby butted in with a question to keep them going. Sarah wanted to squeeze herself again but felt Gabby and Olivia's eyes trained on her the whole time. Finally, Zack took charge and said they needed to get going. They exited the coach's office, then the gym, stopping on the set of steps leading down.

"Alright, we just need two more. History and Literature. I think that building right next to us is the Lit building, so let's go get that one," he said.

Sarah was glad Zack said that. Gabby probably would have made them march back across campus. They'd go to the next building and surely there would be a bathroom and she would be able to relieve herself. Even if Gabby tried to stall them, she thought, it would only be a few more minutes. Sure enough, as soon as they entered, Gabby stopped them.

"Hold up," she said, and kneeled down. "I have a rock in my shoe."

As she began methodically undoing the clasp, Sarah crossed her legs tightly. She looked down the hallway and saw what looked like a bathroom. This was her chance, she thought, still bouncing back and forth. She uncrossed her legs but immediately realized she'd underestimated how much that had been easing the pressure. She felt her body preparing a stream of pee and violently slammed her legs back together to cut it off.

"Hey, are you okay?" Zack asked, noticing the spasm.

"Yeah, Sarah," Gabby said, suddenly less concerned about her shoes. "What's wrong?"

She felt her heart race and the knot in her stomach tighten. She found herself unable to look either of them in the eye.

"Um, noth-," Sarah became acutely aware of how much saliva was in her mouth and took a big gulp. "Nothing."

She felt proud of herself for a moment for not giving Gabby the satisfaction of saying out loud that she needed to pee. That moment ended quickly, though, when her body reminded her just how bad that need was. Sweat formed on her brow, partly from being confronted but mostly because her bladder was sending panicked signals to her brain: I'm not messing around down here. Find me a place to pee now!

They continued down the hallway, and to her chagrin, past the bathroom. For some reason she still couldn't bring herself to just say that she needed to go. It was embarrassing, infantile somehow, to be the center of attention, she felt. Like when her little sister held up her entire softball game when she had to run in from center field to go pee.

Sarah gritted her teeth and gave a quick push against up against herself as they they entered the classroom. She didn't really care what Gabby saw her do at this point, she was just determined to get her booklet signed by this teacher and make a beeline for the bathroom when they were done.

They filed into the classroom and Sarah breathed a sigh of relief as the uninterested-looking teacher signed Brandon's booklet without even bothering to look up.

"Hey, what's this?" Gabby asked, pointing to something on the teacher's desk. Sarah let out an audible groan from the back of line. She bounced up and down, squeezing her muscles tightly as her pee begged for an escape. Her mind couldn't block it out any longer, torturing her with the thought of being The Girl Who Peed In Her Pants On Her First Day Of High School.

Her stomach felt so heavy, like a bowling ball had been dropped in. She used two fingers to push up against herself through her jeans. It eased the pressure but only for a moment. Her bladder continued to throb as the teacher finally moved Gabby along, signing her booklet then Zack's. Sarah caught Gabby staring at her did her best to ignore it. She repeated a mantra in her head: Just one more minute, just one more minute, just one more minute.

The teacher signed Olivia's booklet and finally Sarah stood at the front of the desk. She slid her booklet over and silently pleaded for her to hurry the hell up.

"So Gabriella tells me you're new here?" she asked.

Sarah looked over at Gabby and scowled. "Y-yeah."

"What do you think so far?"

I think I'm going to leave a giant puddle on your classroom floor if you don't sign my stupid booklet and let me leave. "It's been good... definitely bigger than my old school." She forced a chuckle and immediately tensed up as she felt a squirt of pee escape. She locked her muscles back into place but could feel them fatiguing, not used to taking this sort of abuse.

Thankfully the teacher didn't seem interested in prolonging the conversation. "Good, good, hope you enjoy everything," she said as she signed the booklet.

As soon as she was done, Sarah felt like sprinting out the door and down the hallway. She didn't have the confidence in herself to not lose control if she ran, though, and the best she could manage was a quick shuffle. She strode past the rest of her group and hoped Zack didn't figure out why the girl who had trailed behind them all day was now in a rush to lead.

She exited the door and starting down the hallway, not even bothering to look back. She felt like the warm, wet patch on her underwear clinging to her skin, a foreboding sign of what was going to happen if she couldn't hold on. Her eyes were focused on the bathroom down the hallway on the right, which is why she didn't notice a tall, skinny girl approach her from the left.

"Sarah, right?" the girl asked.

Sarah felt her heart beat quicken even more. She felt her mind race even faster. But mostly she felt her bladder pounding even harder. She wasn't even sure she was going to make it the twenty second walk down the hallway, she really did not want to have a conversation right now.

"Yeah, I'm Sarah," she said. She tried to keep walking but the other girl stood still.

"Oh, good! Mr. Carver told me about you. I'm Chloe, I'm on the Mathletes. Captain, actually. He said you might be interested in joining?"

Sarah fought back tears. One way or another, her body was ready to explode. "Oh. Yeah, m-maybe," she said, adding a bend at the knee to her pee dance.

"It's really cool! Everyone on the team is really nice and we like to study together and have parties together. Plus Mr. Carver is really cool as an advisor, he let us... Um, are you okay?"

Sarah was openly grabbing herself now, sure that if she moved her hand away the floodgates would open. "N-no, I'm not, I have to pee so bad right now," she said, cheeks turning red.

"Oh my god, I didn't know! Go, go, I can talk after!"

Sarah started race-shuffling down the hallway again. She could feel her aching muscles starting to give way. She pushed up against her pee hole as hard as she could, praying her body wouldn't let her down. A tear fell down her cheek as she focused all of her energy on making it another fifteen feet... ten feet... five feet...

She pushed open the door with her other hand and entered. She felt another jet of pee hit her underwear and quickly made her way to a stall. The sight of the toilet and the thought of being so close somehow made it that much worse. She could feel the pee dribbling out of her, powerless to hold back. Her body was shaking as she worked up every last bit of resolve. She took a deep breath and undid the button and zipper of her jeans. The urine continued to trickle out, and she could feel it making its way down the back of her leg.

In one motion she yanked down her pants and underwear and sat back on the toilet. The drips of pee turned immediately into a heavy gush, splashing loudly against the water and porcelain below. Sarah shivered with relief as the stream cascaded, slowing momentarily only to pick back up.

Her relief was cut short when she looked down. Everything might have been okay if she had been able to hold back after the two split-second spurts, but looking at the damage she realized she had leaked way more than she thought. Her baby blue panties were darkened significantly at the crotch, but the real problem was her jeans. There was a wet patch the size of her fist between the legs, and a streak of pee made its way nearly down to the back of the knee.

She finally stopped peeing and heard the door open. Great. I bet it's Gabby and now she's going to see me like this and tell everybody in this whole stupid school and I'm gonna be the new girl who wet herself. The set of feet that entered the bathroom didn't go into a stall. She's just standing there, I can't even wait her out. What if she has a camera? What did I even DO her to deserve this? In spite of herself, Sarah let out a sniffle.

"Hey, are you okay?"

Sarah's head perked up. It wasn't Gabby, it was Chloe! That was good... except she was still the freshman who peed herself.

"Yeah. I mean, no. Well, I'm okay, but like..." Sarah had no idea what to say.

"You just seemed like you were kind of desperate and then you didn't come out for a few minutes, I just wanted to make sure..." she trailed off.

Sarah remained silent.

"Do you need a change of clothes?"

Chloe's question cut through Sarah like a knife. Chloe was better than Gabby but she still felt her face burning at having been found out. Chloe seemed a lot more sincere but Sarah still felt like she wanted to disappear. She couldn't bring herself to say anything for a long moment, then finally managed a meek "yeah."

"Okay... I'll text my friend, I bet she has something that fits you. I know this is, like, super awkward, but just tell the rest of your group you got sick and threw up. I won't tell anybody. Being the new girl sucks."

*006*2016-06-02 10:46

Thanks for the positive feedback, everyone. Working on the second chapter now.

*009*2016-06-14 23:11

{{On 6/2/2016 at 10:33 AM, Night Rain said:

Hope Gabby has some fun ideas of humiliating Sarah in future chapters?

}}

I think this is safe to say.

*010*2016-06-18 00:44

Here's the next chapter, hope you enjoy!

They take high school football seriously here, that's for sure. They do in Ohio, too, Sarah thought, but this was different. She had gone to a few games last season with her friends, and there was something sad about the passion. When you don't have a lot going for you, you take pride in whatever you can. If it's teenagers playing football, well, dammit, you're putting on your old jersey and showing up every Friday night to cheer on the squad.

The Hagan-Archer football experience wasn't quite like that. There were banners hung, faces painted, and bleachers full, but there wasn't the sense of desperation in the air. It wasn't a tight-rope walk, it was a big party. The emotional stakes are lower when you can go yachting the next morning.

It was serious business for those involved, though. The regular season didn't start until next week, but no fewer than ten big-time colleges were rumored to have coaches in attendance to scout. Already, three Hagan-Archer players were committed to a school at the next level, and several others had plenty of scholarship offers from which to choose. On the other sideline, Paramount Heights High School could merely boast the top running back in the country, seven state titles, and, oh yeah, a win in the playoffs over Hagan-Archer last season.

Sarah walked up the winding stone stairwell with her mother and younger sister, Shannon. The lights flooded the stadium as dusk began to fall, and the air was dominated by the band blaring out the fight song down on the field. Most of the crowd was already in their seats, stomping their feet and clapping their hands to the cheerleaders' directions. If it was this loud for a scrimmage, she couldn't imagine what the real season was like.

They took their seats as the band began marching off and into their section of the bleachers. The players took the field for their warm-ups and her eyes immediately found Zack throwing to wide receivers working on their routes. Sarah knew how silly and cliche it was: the new girl immediately develops a crush on the star quarterback. Still, she couldn't help herself.

"Hey, Shannon!"

Sarah looked over to see a couple of younger kids walking up the bleachers.

"Hey, what's up?" her younger sister greeted them. "I didn't know you guys were coming."

"Luke's sister is here because of cheerleading so his mom drove us," the girl said. "We're sitting over there if you wanna come." She pointed two sections over.

"Oh, cool, yeah!" Shannon said, then turned. "Mom, can I go watch the game with Riley and Luke and everyone?"

"Of course, sweetie, just keep an eye on your phone in case I need to text you," Theresa said. She reached into her purse and pulled out a few bills. "Take this in case you want to buy some snacks for you and your friends. Have fun!"

Sarah watched her sister join the group and start down the bleachers, already chatting excitedly and laughing. She was glad her sister had made friends, but it was hard to deny the jealousy she felt.

"What about you, Sarah?" her mom asked. "Do you see any of your friends here you want to sit with?"

Sarah frowned. Over the first week of school, there were a handful of other kids she was friendly with, but no one with which she had really bonded. She saw Chloe and Stephanie -- Steph was the girl who saved her life by having a change of clothes back on her first day -- around campus, but they were juniors so Sarah didn't have any classes with them. The fact that they both knew Sarah had peed in her pants made her feel more like a Kindergartner than a freshman around them anyway.

The mathletes didn't start up until later in the month and while she thought the school activities fair would be a good opportunity to meet people and make friends, that hadn't taken place yet either. She got along with others when teachers had them do group work, but obviously her sister was fitting in better than she. Worse, Sarah thought, was that... Riley, or whatever her name was, and the group of friends Shannon joined up seemed like the 6th grade version of the clique Sarah was activey -- and mostly successfully -- avoiding: Gabby, Olivia, and the rest of them.

"Umm, no, I didn't see anybody," she said.

She turned her attention back to the field, but the players were still only going through their warm-up. Her mind began replaying just about every social interaction she'd had during the first week of classes. She couldn't shake the feeling of a gulf between her and everyone else. If it was just because she was the new kid, well, that's one thing, but she couldn't help but wonder if it was something else. She didn't have the experiences they did growing up and it felt like she had nothing in common with anybody. She wished the game would start so she could focus on something else. A walk around the stadium would have to do.

"Hey, mom?" she asked. "Mom?"

Theresa was talking to another woman next to her, so Sarah tapped her on the shoulder. "Mom!"

"What is it, Sarah?" she answered somewhat impatiently.

"I'm gonna take a walk around and get something to eat."

Theresa reached into her purse and handed her some money.

"You're welcome!" she said pointedly as Sarah started down the bleachers. Sarah rolled her eyes and continued walking. "Teenagers, what can you do?" she heard the other woman say to her mom.

Whatever, Sarah thought. She was glad to be doing something besides sitting there, and besides, she was hungry and felt like she could use a stop at the bathroom too. Walking on the concourse, she navigated her way through the sea of fans. Only about half of the concession stands were open, resulting in lines that snaked back to where everyone was walking.

Her stomach growled, so she found the end of one of those lines and queued up. Three minutes of hardly moving made the long line feel interminable. The smell of the french fries and hot dogs permeated the concourse, exacerbating her hunger. Meanwhile, Sarah could practically feel her bladder filling up as it started to exert a low ache in her abdomen.

She looked around for a bathroom, but even on her tip-toes she couldn't see over or around the mass of people. She resigned herself to the long wait, scoping out the menu and the food in the hands of passersby to try and decide what she wanted to eat.

Finally, she reached the front of the line and placed her order. The cashier handed her the bottle of Coke right away, but pointed to a different line she'd need to wait in to pick up her basket of chicken fingers. Between the strained sounds of the PA announcer and the cheer of the crowd, she figured the game was kicking off behind her.

"62! Order 62" the concession worker called out a few minutes later. Sarah strode forward to pick it up, pausing for a split-second to notice she was carrying an empty bottle. She cursed herself for absent-mindedly drinking the entire thing while waiting for her food. She debated asking the worker if she could buy another one, but the dull pressure in her bladder told her that might not be the best idea.

She didn't feel like going back and sitting with her mom, and she knew she'd have to get up right after to go pee anyway. So she found an empty spot on the railing overlooking the field where she could eat and watch the game. Sarah snacked on the chicken, wishing she had kept some of her soda any time she came across a particularly dry one.

Once they were gone, she left her spot on the railing and set off in search of the toilet. The crowd on the concourse had lightened as people returned to their seats, but she still couldn't find it. She walked all the way to the end, and back, still nothing. She was about to take another lap when saw them. A closed-down ice cream cart had been moved in front of the entrance, on which was posted a barely-visible sign: PLEASE USE WEST CONCOURSE BATHROOMS. THANK YOU.

Great, Sarah thought. She tried to shove the flashbacks of what happened earlier in the week out of her mind. She had never needed to pee so badly in her life, she reminded herself. And while she definitely needed to go now, it wasn't urgent like that. Still, this was inconvenience she could've done without.

The two sides of the stadium didn't connect, which meant she'd have to walk down, go outside, walk to the other side, and then walk back up. She made her way to the staircase she thought they had entered from and started down. She didn't notice anything was wrong until she reached the bottom.

She wasn't outside now, she was looking instead at a long, tiled hallway. "Must be underground," she thought, marveling at a high school stadium this extravagent. "I bet this connects to the other concourse, or maybe there's a bathroom down here I can use."

She couldn't quite make out what was at the end of the hallway but started walking anyway. After a few steps, she froze. A wave of pressure hit her bladder unexpectedly, forcing her to squeeze her thighs together. She pinched two fingers against the crotch of her jeans for a second, and once she was sure she was okay, continued down the hallway.

She peeked into the first door she passed. The lights were off but she could tell it was the weight room. Another was filled with assorted equipment, and then there were five small offices, each door marked Coach Something-or-other.

Sarah let out a sigh as she reached the end of the hallway and rather than leading up to the west concourse, split left and right. She considered backtracking, but thought that there had to be a bathroom down here somewhere.

The soda she had gulped down was starting to hit her bladder. The pressure was no longer coming in waves; it was constant. That made it impossible for Sarah to put it out of her mind, but she kept trying because it seemed like the more she thought about it the worse she had to pee.

Making a blind choice, she turned left and starting walking, this time with more urgency. A-ha! There it was, the bathroom she needed, marked... Men. "Of course," she thought, "but the girls' bathroom had to be close by." She continued walking, but the next door she came upon wasn't what she was looking for. Instead, the sign said Visiting Locker Room. Further down were no more doors, but Sarah realized as the din of the crowd grew louder that it must lead up to the tunnels the teams used to get onto the field.

She started to panic just a little bit. Since it was just for football, what if they hadn't bothered putting in a girls' bathroom down here, she wondered. She turned around and went the other way. The opposite side mirrored the first, but instead of a locker room and a bathroom, there was a locker room and a maintenance closet. The hallway looked like it might split off again down by the tunnel leading up, but she didn't want to make a wrong turn and end up on the field.

She grabbed herself through her jeans again and realized what a mistake this had been. Now she had to walk back down the hall, back up the stairs, find the correct way down, then walk all the way around, then back up even more stairs. And with this many people and at least one bathroom closed, there was probably a line, she figured. She tightened the muscles of her aching bladder and resigned herself to the fact that relief was still a ways off.

Unless... A plan quickly formed in her head. The first quarter had ended just as she had started her search, so it must've been about halfway through the second quarter. She could just run down the hall, use the guys' bathroom, and be back up before anyone came down for halftime. She hadn't seen any signs of life down here, and still didn't as she approached the door.

She was unable to keep still, bouncing her thighs together. She opened the door slowly and listened for a moment. It didn't sound like anyone was in there, so she pushed the door fully open.

"HEY!"

A sharp yell from behind startled her and made her lose control for a second. She jumped back and clamped her muscles back down but she could feel that were underwear were wet. She looked down the hallway to see a girl walking toward her, then quickly down at her jeans. Luckily, the quick jet of pee wasn't showing through.

"What are you trying to do, steal our playbook?! Nobody is allowed down here except players and personnel! I'm gonna tell our coach and get you suspended!" the girl yelled as she reached her. Sarah looked up again; the girl was older, definitely a junior or senior. She looked at her shirt, emblazoned with the letters PHHS, and figured that she was with the other school.

"No! I wasn't, I was just, um..." Sarah felt like she'd be in more trouble if she said she was about to go into the boys' bathroom, so she stopped.

She must've looked innocent, because the girl in her face took a more polite tone.

"Look, sorry for yelling, but St. Peter's tried do that last year. You're really not supposed to be down here, though, and I need to report it. What's your name?"

Sarah was shaking, partly from the thought of being in trouble and partly from her need to pee, becoming more urgent every second. That soda was hitting her hard and she was squeezing her legs together as tightly as she could while trying to look normal.

Before she could answer, the other girl spoke again. "Wait. Are you the student manager they were sending? Ohmigod, I'm so sorry! Kailee was supposed to tell them to have you meet us up on the field but I bet she forgot, she can be so stupid sometimes."

Sarah didn't say anything, but seeing as it seemed like her two options were to play along or get reported, she knew which way she was leaning.

"Anyway," the girl continued. "I'm Mandy, I'm the head of the student managers for Paramount Heights." She reached out to shake hands.

"I'm Sarah... nice to meet you."

"Thanks for helping us out, we didn't realize we were short on people until we got here. It's actually good you're down here because we need to start setting up for halftime. Here, I'll open up the locker room."

She took out a key and the two headed into the visitor's locker room. Sarah could feel the pee stinging inside of her, desperately crying to be let out. She started to sweat, wondering what she was getting into. Being a five minute walk from the bathroom was annoying, but now she had no idea when she'd able to go. Mandy led her to a table with a water cooler on it and instructed her to start filling up cups, which she did, dutifully.

Hssssssssssssssssssssss, glug-glug!

Hsssssssssssssssssss, glug-glug!

Hssssssssssssssssssss, glug-glug!

Hssssssssssssssssssssssssss, glug-glug!

It was almost too much. The only thing worse than focusing on how bad she had to pee was being forced to listen to the Gatorade splash out and flow into the plastic cups. Sarah squirmed on the spot, unable to keep still for even a second. The pressure against her tortured urethra was immense and only getting worse with each cup she filled.

"Hey," she called out, trying to sound casual. "Do you know if there's a bathroom down here?"

"Down the hall and left, there's one in the cheerleaders' locker room," Mandy said, looking up from the dry-erase board she was setting up. "You need to do way more cups than that, and hurry up, they'll be down in like a minute!"

Sarah crossed her legs tightly and went back to her task, filling up the table with refreshment for the players. After what felt like an eternity, the door busted open and the team marched in.

"Okay," Mandy whispered to her. "Just hang out at the table, some of them will want refills."

Sarah's spirits fell. She had really been counting on running out to go use the bathroom as soon as the players got in, and now she had to just stand there and wait God only knows how long.

She did the best she could, but she had to pee so bad she couldn't even stand up straight. With her knees bent and her pelvic muscles working overtime, she tried to smile as the players grabbed the Gatorade but it was more of a grimace. She was in absolute agony and wished more than anything she could reach down and pinch herself, but she couldn't bring herself to do it in front of everybody.

The coach began his halftime speech, which at least took some of the attention off of her. She avoided making eye contact with Mandy so that she couldn't assign her to do something else. She bounced up and down on her toes and fought back tears as her body waged with itself.

"Hurry up, hurry up," she said under her breath as the coach droned on. The scene from her first day replayed in her head and she was sure that she was going to start uncontrollably dribbling pee into her panties any second. She couldn't believe that for the second time in a week she was about to have an accident. Only this time there was an entire audience of football players to see. Her legs were wrapped together tightly and her breaths shortened.

The halftime speech wrapped up and the players grabbed their pads and filed out. Sarah closed her eyes and counted to ten. That's all she had to do, she told herself, just hold on for ten seconds at a time. Ten seconds is nothing. With the last player gone, she went for the door.

"Where are you going?" Mandy asked.

"I just-- I have to go use the bathroom," Sarah said.

"We have to clean all of this up," Mandy said, pointing to the empty cups scattered on the floor.

"I'll help, but I'm seriously about to pee myself, please!"

Mandy sighed. "Fine. You better come back, though, I'm not cleaning this all up by myself."

Sarah raced out of the room and into the hallway, relieved that there was nobody around to see her grabbing herself. She felt a few more drops of pee manage to escape, re-warming the spot on her underwear that had turned cold. She darted past the home locker room and made a left at the end, finally getting to the cheerleaders' room. She felt sick to her stomach as she started to feel the pee trickling out of her, unable to do anything to stop it.

It sounded like there were people in the back area, where the lockers were, but Sarah didn't care at this point. She frantically looked around, her hand still buried in jeans holding back the pee.

"Oh, hiiiiiiiiii, Sarah."

She froze, turning her head after a second to see Gabby standing there in her green and white cheerleader uniform. Her worst nightmare.

"Now what are you doing in here?"

"Um, I have to use the bathroom."

"I see... I wish I could let you but this is for cheerleaders only. I don't remember seeing you at tryouts."

"Come on Gabby, I really need to go, where is it?"

"I can tell. Seems to be a problem with you, huh? Don't think I didn't notice what happened at orientation, you really think I believed that you threw up? What really happened, Sarah?"

"Please, oh my God, I have to peeeeeeee!"

"Tell me what happened at orientation."

"You obviously know." Sarah felt herself starting to cry. She was doubled over with the pain of needing to pee.

"I want to hear you say it."

"I had an accident," Sarah said softly.

"What's that?"

"I said I had an accident!"

"I knew it!"

"Now come on, I'm about to have another one, please please PLEASE just let me pee."

Gabby laughed ruefully. "Sorry, like I said, cheerleaders only. Do a cheer and you can get in. Here, watch me."

Gabby pumped her fist into the air and whisper-shouted "Hagan!" Then she jumped into the air and spread her arms and legs and said "Archer!"

Sarah squeezed her peehole even tighter. There was no way she could open her legs up like that. The "I-I can't. Forget it," she said and started to try to walk past Gabby.

"Uh-uh. Do the cheer or I'll scream out and everyone will come in here and see you peeing in your pants."

Sarah felt her urethra burning. Her entire body was still shaking in agony. She could feel her underwear getting more and more damp as trickles of pee kept forcing their way out. Still grabbing herself with one hand, she raised the other into the air.

"Hag -- Hagan!" she managed to say.

Now came the hard part. Keeping her thighs pushed together, she jumped into the air and tried to stick her feet out. "Archer!" she mumbled.

Her feet landed back on the ground. She had only jumped about three inches but the impact was too much. A stream of hot pee pushed its way out of her body and down the inside of her right thigh.

"No, no, oh god, NOOOO!" she said, trying anything she could to hold back the flow.

Gabby broke out laughing again as she saw Sarah's pants darken with urine. "Uh oh! Looks like someone's not cut out to be a cheerleader!"

"Gabby, come onnnnn!!"

A second wave of pressure hit Sarah, this one longer than the first. She shuddered as the warm pee spurted out and flowed down her leg. The stain on her jeans grew all the way down her leg, dripping onto the floor

"Ew, stop peeing on our floor!" Gabby shrieked. "Do they not potty train people in Ohio?

"I c-can't help it, I'm sorry! Oh my god, I'm peeing!" Another spasm came over her bladder and more pee cascaded out of her, soaking the back of her right leg. She somehow cut it off after a few seconds but the dribbles continued,

"The bathroom is right there, jeez!" Gabby pointed to a door off the room they were in.

Sarah pressed against herself with all her might and waddled over to the door. Her wet jeans clung to her leg. She fumbled with the knob, struggling to remain still enough to open the door. Her hand slipped off a second time and she felt her bladder start to give in again.

More pee loudly hissed into her jeans, racing down both legs and puddling up at her legs.

"Oh my God, you're really peeing your pants!" she heard Gabby say with glee.

Sarah stood frozen in shock as the stream kept flowing out of her at full force. Her jeans could no longer absorb any of it and it simply flowed down her leg into the widening pool at her feet. She couldn't believe this was really happening to her. After a minute, her exhausted bladder finally stemmed the tide, but the pee continued to drip off of her pants.

She finally managed to lift her head and look over at Gabby, who was still looking on in disbelief.

"Oh my God, I can't even... you peed everywhere!"

"Can you... just like please don't tell anybody," Sarah said between tears.

"Tell anybody what?" Gabby raised her voice for the next part. "That Sarah Snyder peed her pants like a three year old?"

"Shut up!" She was pretty sure none of the girls in the other room heard but if she kept her voice up like that...

"Oh, Sarah, you should be nicer to me. Unless you want me to call the whole cheer team out here?"

"No... please, I'm sorry."

"That's better. Now, Miss Pee-Pee Pants, I won't tell anybody... as long as you cooperate. Can you do that?"

"Y-yes."

"Good. I have to go cheer for the second half now, the first thing you better do is clean up your pissy puddle before we get back here. See you at school Monday, we have lots to talk about!"

*013*2016-06-21 12:38

Really appreciate the feedback, glad you like it!

*015*2016-07-20 12:52

I have some ideas for this story but I've been hitting some writer's block with the next chapter. Definitely not letting this die.

*016*2016-09-16 17:50

I have started, stopped, and restarted chapter three about fifteen times but I think I've *finally* got the one worth going with. Challenging myself to have something final written by the end of the month, either this or one of the dozen of one-shot ideas I've had.

*017*2020-01-14 18:14

Well it's a bit later than I had planned... but I'm back with the next installment. I should warn you that this chapter is light on actual wetting/desperation content. It's more of a set-up for the next chapter but I do hope you'll enjoy it anyway.

###

Sarah awoke on Saturday morning without even a one-second respite from the horror of last night. Her stomach was tied in knots and she couldn't stop her brain from replaying the scene. She could practically hear Gabby's cackling laughter and feel her entire growing hot, her face with humiliation and her legs with the pee she tried so valiantly to hold back.

Gabby had just left her there in the cheerleader's locker room as she rejoined the team and went back out to the field. Sarah stood there frozen in shock, like her brain was stuck in a vice grip. She was eventually able to stumble around and find towels to dry up the puddle she had made, and she changed out of her soaked jeans and squeezed into a pair of warm-up pants someone had left out on the bench. She texted her mom that she wasn't feeling well and walked home, arriving just early enough to wash the scent off of her.

"What's wrong?" Her mom, Theresa, had asked when she got home and saw Sarah on the couch looking miserable.

"Nothing," Sarah had replied, straight-faced. It wasn't a great answer but it was easier to say that than "everything." Or "oh, you know, just the usual, I peed in my pants two times in the first week here and I haven't made any friends and the popular girls make fun of me and I know you're paying a lot of money to send me to that school but I'd rather be dropped to the bottom of a volcano or be launched onto one of the moons of Jupiter than go back on Monday."

"Nothing," she had repeated with a sigh, getting up off the couch and going to her room.

She peeled herself out of bed now in the same slow manner and walked down the hallway to the bathroom. She pulled her pajama pants down and sat on the toilet to pee.

This is NOT that freaking hard, she silently admonished herself. Just be a normal girl and pee in the toilet and not in your pants!

She finished up and made her way downstairs for breakfast. Her mom had a plate waiting for her.

"How are you feeling today?" Her mom asked.

Sarah put her best face on and even forced a smile. "Better, I guess."

"Good. You missed a really exciting game last night. It was really fun," Theresa said.

Sure, Sarah thought. It was fun if you were sitting in the stands getting to know all the rich, vapid, tanned Southern California moms. Less fun if you were running around underneath the field desperate for a bathroom.

"So anyway," her mom continued. "It's good you're feeling better because Shannon's friend Luke is having a birthday tonight. I met him and his mother last night and they invited Shannon to sleep over but we're all invited to the big barbeque they're throwing in the evening."

Sarah stared down at her plate. She didn't really want to go to some big party but she had already said she was feeling better. She shrugged her shoulders. "Cool," she managed to choke out, monotone.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

They arrived at Luke's house and could hear the music blasting from the back yard. They rang the doorbell and the man who opened the door greeted them with a friendly but quizzical look. The "I don't know who you are, and I hope I'm not supposed to know who you are."

"Hi there... I'm Theresa, Shannon's mother," she gestured to her younger daughter. "I met Luke and his mother last night at the game and they invited us..." she trailed off, hoping that would suffice.

"Oh sure, sure! I'm Luke's father... you know, Darth Vader!" he paused for effect. Theresa gave a courtesy chuckle at the daddest of all dad jokes. "Actually, I'm James, you must have met my wife, Stacey. We've been busy getting ready all day so she must have just forgotten to fill me in. No worries though!" He spotted Shannon's backpack. "Ah, staying for the sleepover? Come with me and I'll show you were you can drop it off and where Luke is..." Then he nodded toward Sarah and her mom. You two can just go right around back, Stacey's out there and Luke's older sisters are, well, somewhere. Nice to meet you!"

Sarah went with her mother to the backyard where the party was in full swing. Like everything else, the magnitude of it all took her by surprise. This definitely qualified as a Rich Person Party. Many of the dads were huddled around the multiple grills while the mothers sat at the table sipping on cocktails. The swimming pool was opened up and swarmed by kids of all ages. It seemed like they had invited half the neighborhood in addition to whatever family was there.

Sarah sighed. Another place she didn't fit in. The pool seemed refreshing but she hadn't brought a swimsuit and even if she had she would have second and third thoughts about showing her body in it compared to all the other women and girls there. She also didn't want to be the only one her age sitting with all the moms.

She grabbed a seltzer out of the cooler and sat down on a chaise lounge chair by the pool. She saw a group of girls hanging out by the giant lawn games, stacking and removing huge Jenga blocks. They seemed a few years older than her, like they were in college. So Sarah wasn't about to go and try to be a part of that group.

She ended up settling into the chair and pulling her out her phone, trying to look preoccupied. She finished off her can of seltzer and went to grab another one. This woke something up in the back of her brain, bringing back the sense of dread. Is this just how it's going to be now? She wondered. Every time I get something to drink I'm going to freak myself out about getting to the bathroom on time?

She wandered around the yard sipping from the new can. She still didn't recognize anybody. And there wasn't even anybody who seemed to be in the same boat as her. Everyone else seemed to know at least SOMEBODY and was having fun doing trick jumps off the diving board, playing bocce ball, sitting around and talking, or a million other things. She didn't even see Shannon anywhere. She must be inside somewhere with all her friends.

Ready to just head back to her chair and try to pass the time, Sarah lifted the seltzer to her lips and was surprised to find it empty. She detoured back over to the coolers, and again the sense of horror echoed in the back of her head. This time she decided it would probably be a good idea to listen, though, since she was feeling the first twinges in her bladder. With two cans of seltzer making their way through her a trip to the bathroom sounded like a good idea before drinking any more.

It was at this moment that it occured to her that she didn't know where the bathroom was. But she had seen people filtering in and out of the house through the sliding door on the deck so she knew it must be inside somewhere. She started up the stairs to the deck and toward the door but before she got there it opened up and a gaggle of sixth-graders came pouring out. Behind her, Sarah heard one of the moms calling to the children in the pool. "Time to get out... The food is ready!"

Of course. Of COURSE. Just when she started to have to pee, of course it would happen this way, she thought. Her mind almost tripped over itself in a rush to panic. She she was going to have to go back down, sit at a table for who-knows-how-long, all the while having to pee worse and worse as those seltzers hit her bladder. It was going to be just like last night and just like the first day of school, Sarah shifting and squirming to hold it in while the universe conspired against her...

No, Sarah decided. That wasn't happening. Not this time. Not today. She waited for the sixth graders to finally get out the door. She tried to catch Shannon's attention but her sister was engrossed in conversation. Whatever, no time to be jealous now.

She stepped inside where the last few stragglers were making their way toward the door. She made eye contact with one, she recognized as one of the college-age-looking girls from outside earlier.

"Hey, do you know if the bathroom is that way, or...?" Sarah asked, trying to sound casual and pointing down the hallway.

"It's just back that way," she replied, pointing in the other direction. "On the right."

"Thanks." Sarah felt a more intense twinge in her bladder now. It wasn't an emergency, far from it. But thanks to the events of last night, apparently now a basic task like using the bathroom was a capital-B Big Deal.

She felt a new kind of anxiety as she walked down the hallway, even as she tried to tell herself how silly it was. Sure the seltzer she drank was starting to hit her but she was literally steps away from a toilet.

On Monday it had been a quick, pulsing kind of anxiety when she was in the bathroom and racing for a stall just when the pee started to trickle out of her. A race against time to get inside and sit down, a race that she didn't win but didn't totally lose, either.

Yesterday it was a slow, agonizing anxiety, standing in the cheerleader's locker room with no choice but to do what Gabby said and leap into the air with her legs spread. She knew there was no possible way she could do that without the seal breaking but she had to anyway. And then reaching for the doorknob, her hand slipping off as her bladder caved and sent all that hot pee pouring out into her underwear and jeans.

This wasn't like that. Thank god. If she really had to she could turn around, go outside, sit down and eat, and then use the bathroom after and she'd be okay. This was just her mind building it all up into something it's not, she reassured herself. But the anxiety persisted.

She got to the bathroom and tried to turn the handle. Locked. It's okay, she told herself, just the universe fucking with you. This is just a routine trip to the toilet, stop making it something it's not.

Sarah waited patiently outside the door. She honestly didn't need to go that badly at all. She wasn't bouncing or hopping or dancing or anything like that. Just a girl waiting for the door to open. But the anxiety persisted.

She heard a flush, and then the running of the sink. See? Nothing to it. The handle clicked and the door swung open. Finally the anxiety lifted.

Sarah was still looking down, waiting for whoever was inside to come out. Instead they seemed to be standing still in the doorway. She started to lift her head when she heard it. A voice. That voice. Her voice.

"Oh my god, what are you doing here?"

###

As always, any feedback is greatly appreciated! And if you have any ideas for a situation you'd like to see with these characters let me know either here or over PM. If it wasn't obvious from the three and a half year delay I'm not exactly overstocked with ideas. I consider creativity my biggest weakness so I'm happy to hear any and all ideas from you.

