Yugioh gx fanfic

Author: TJC

*000*2014-08-23 06:21

Author's note: A while ago I started watching yugioh gx, I really enjoyed it so i decided to write a fanfic of it. The characters are dark magician girl and Alexis Rhodes. This story takes place at the end of the duel monster spirit day episode. I have some ideas for sequels, if people like this story i'll write and post them.

It was the evening of duel monsters spirit day and dark magician girl sat in her room in the house her and her mentor, Dark magician shared in their spell caster village in the world of duel monster spirits. Dark magician girl sat starring out the window with a somewhat sad look on her face. Dark magician walked in to wish her a good evening, as he was preparing to go to sleep. “I don’t know about you, but I’m going to bed. Good night.”

“…” Dark magician girl was too dazed to hear him. “Dark magician girl!”

“Huh? Oh, hey Dark magician.”

“Is there something on your mind? You didn’t hear me say good night.”

“Oh, i- it’s nothing, good night.”

“Now you know you can tell me anything, what’s on your mind?” Dark magician girl’s problem was quite personal, but she knew she could trust dark magician with anything. Even though he was only a few years older than her, he was her spell casting mentor and somewhat of a father figure to her. She decided to tell him her problem. “Well, in the human world, today was duel monster spirit day, so I paid duel academy a little visit. I dueled one of its top students, Jaden Yuki and even though I lost, it was a super fun time.”

“Well that sounds like you had a nice day.”

“It was great, but here’s my trouble; in the crowd of viewers I saw a beautiful young girl named Alexis Rhodes and… I think I have sexual feelings for her…” Dark magician girl’s cheeks turned bright red. “Oh”, said dark magician, sounding completely casual. “You aren’t surprised by this?”

“I had a bit of a hunch, I noticed the way you look a t female monsters like Burstinatrix and Cyber tutu, and how you always reject dates with some of the more, conventionally handsome male monsters like Wild heart and Neos. There’s absolutely nothing wrong with your sexuality and I’m happy for you that you figured it out today.” Dark magician girl was a little embarrassed her friend knew her sexuality better than her, but she was relieved he was accepting of her. “I’m glad you feel that way but what do you think I should do?” Dark magician thought for a bit. “Well first off, do you know where to find her?”

“Oh yes, my last time in her world I saw her return to her dorm room.”

“Well, to start a relationship you should try to simply talk to her, try introducing yourself, chat with her, see if you like her, and all that.”

“Hmmm, chatting with her, I think I’ll go do that…”

“Right now? It’s kind of late isn’t it?” Dark magician girl giggled. “Oh dark magician, you’re such a party pooper, not everybody likes to go to sleep as early as you do. Beautiful Alexis will still be up.”

“Laugh all you want, but an early sleeper is an early riser and an early riser gets morning spell casting practice…” Dark magician girl giggled again. “I’ll see you later.”

“Farewell and good luck.”

Dark magician girl transported herself from the duel monster spirit world to the human world. She floated throughout Academy Island in spirit form, invisible to humans and immune to the physical laws of the human world. As soon as she arrived to Alexis’ dorm she changed to human form. She could see Alexis through a window with her two friends so she decided to hide in a bush and observe her crush. She saw the beautifully decorated lounge room where Alexis and her two friends were situated. Alexis’ friends were dressed in pyjamas and Alexis for some unknown reason was still dressed in her Obelisk blue uniform. Dark magician girl smiled as she saw Alexis’s adorable miniskirt, but her joy came to an end when she saw Alexis begin to kiss her friend. Dark magician girl bagan panicking.

“Oh no! She’s taken;” she thought to herself. “I knew a girl like her couldn’t be single, damn it! Why’d I come here? Stupid! Stupid! Stup…” As dark magician girl was in the middle of beating herself up over coming, she noticed something. Alexis’ friend stopped kissing Alexis and began kissing her other friend. This calmed dark magician girl a little.” Hmmmm?” She thought to herself. “Maybe she isn’t in a relationship after all… After all, it’s common for girls my age to experiment sexually, and that’s probably all she’s doing.” Dark magician girl got a little glimmer of hope.

Her glimmer of hope however was soon interrupted by Alexis herself leaving the dorm to use one of the part-a-potties her dorm was using on account of the toilets being clogged. Dark Magician girl decided to go and try to talk to Alexis. She thought of getting her attention with something romantic and witty but all she could muster was a bland, generic greeting. “Hey Alexis!” Alexis jump a little by being startled, but she calmed down when she saw where the sound came from. “Oh, uh hey. You’re that Dark magician girl cosplayer from today. Nice duel. No shame in losing to Jaden. He’s one of the best duelists at our school.”

“Thanks, but I’m no cosplayer, I’m the real deal.” Alexis gave a sarcastic little smirk at the delusional statement. “Right,” said Alexis sarcastically “and I’m a real harpy.” Dark magician girl understood Alexis’ doubts and was ready to denounce them. “I’ll prove it.” Dark magician girl began levitating.” Alexis couldn’t believe her eyes. “Wow, I guess I was wrong on that one, but why did you come visit me?”

“Well I saw you today and thought you were pretty, so…” Dark magician girl blushed. “I came to … ask you out, that is, if you’re cool with it.”

“Well… it’s funny you should ask that…” Dark magician girl began to panic again. “Oh, I knew you were straight, sorry to bother you, I-I’ll just…”

“Whoa there!” interjected Alexis. “You didn’t let me finish.” Alexis continued. “You see I’ve always been kind of curious about my sexuality. I kind of like some guys, but my real attraction is to girls.”

“Is that why you were kissing your friend? I saw you through your window earlier.” Dark magician girl interrupted. She then turned red upon realizing the creepiness of her comment. “Not that I was stocking you… It’s just that…”

“It’s ok” Alexis assured her giving her a warm smile. “Kissing each other is a common practice in the girls’ dorm, and among me and my friends. Some girls, like me do it because we have an attraction to girls. The majority however do it to either practice kissing or as an outlet for their horniness, seeing as there is a lack of decent guys at this school.” Alexis chuckled. “Yeah, I don’t blame them if you have guys like that Chaz guy walking around.”

“Actually he’s one of the better guys.” Both girls chuckled at their memory of Chaz in his duel monster costume. “So anyway” dark magician girl said sternly. “Since you like to kiss girls, do you want to go make out? Sorry if I’m being too forward.”

“Well I’ve always found you extremely attractive so sure. Just let me go pee first, I really got to go.” Nonsense! That’ll take too long.” Said dark magician girl as she grabbed Alexis’ arm and pulled her to a small patch of grass surrounded by bushes where the two girls could have some privacy. . “This won’t be long, you can hold it right?” Alexis’ desperation wasn’t too bad so she didn’t say anything. In reality, dark magician girl’s rushing of Alexis had nothing to do with time conservation. Dark magician girl just had a little urine fetish and she thought Alexis’ full bladder would add to the enjoyment.

The two girls were on their knees starring at each other face to face. “I got to be honest with you Alexis, I’ve never really been with a girl before, I don’t really know what to do.” Alexis gave a naughty little smirk. “So you don’t know what to do in a situation like this, eh? Looks like I’m going to have to teach you a thing or two…” Alexis began hugging dark magician girl as she pressed her lips against hers and began kissing passionately. Both girls passionately rubbed each other’s backs. Even though this was a rather tame activity, the inexperienced Dark magician girl was quickly getting aroused.

“Oh god!” screamed dark magician girl. “Wow,” Alexis said sarcastically, “that loud a scream from just kissing and back rubbing? This really is your first time with a girl. Well if you liked that, get a load of this.” Alexis resumed kissing dark magician girl but this time she started rubbing her breasts.” What do you think of this?” Dark magician girl felt unbelievable pleasure. The expert hands working her large breasts left dark magician girl speechless with pleasure. Alexis clearly learned a few things from practicing on her friends and the old pro wasn’t holding anything back from the rookie.

After a little while of this Alexis removed her mouth from Dark magician girl’s and gave a disappointed and pouty look. “Aww, I don’t get a boob rub?” Alexis said shaking her massive breasts teasingly. “And after all the time I spent rubbing yours…” Dark magician girl couldn’t believe her ears. She wanted to touch Alexis’ boobs since she saw her but was too afraid to, and now she had the chance, Alexis was practically begging her to do it. Dark magician girl just stood there mesmerized with her mouth open at what the incredible Obelisk blue had asked of her. “Hmmm. So you don’t want to touch me? Well perhaps this will change your mind.” Alexis slowly unbuttoned and removed her shirt, revealing her white bra and enormous breasts.

This caused dak magician girl to get even hornier. Dark magician girl quickly came to her senses and at almost lightning speed reached out and began massaging them, causing Alexis to coo. “Oh yeah! That’s the way. You have a real knack for this, but now let me show you something else.” Alexis was about to show dark magician girl her best move. She reached under dark magician girl’s skirt, lowered her panties and began fingering her. Dark magician girl moaned uncontrollably as Alexis’ expert fingers rubbed her vagina. “Oh Alexis! That’s heaven.” This was too much for dark magician girl to take and she began squirting. The wet sensation on her hand caused Alexis to cum too. Both girls panted as they tried to regain their breath. “That was amazing Alexis!”

“Yeah it was great for me too, let’s go for round two. But first, I have to pee ridiculously bad. I’ll be back in a bit.” As Alexis was about to get up dark to go pee, Dark magician girl put a hand on her shoulder to keep her down as she gave a devious smirk. “W-what are you doing?” Dark magician girl didn’t reply, instead she waved her staff making two long pieces of rope appear. She quickly over powered Alexis and tied her hands behind her back and her feet together. She then removed Alexis’ shoes and sox. “What the hell are you doing?” Alexis asked in a panicky tone as she lay on the ground motionless.

“You taught me some stuff, now it’s my turn to show you something; how to torture a beautiful, tied up, desperate girl.” Dark magician girl began by tickling Alexis’ feet. “Hahaha! S-s-sto-ahaha! Please!” Alexis’ already desperate need to pee increased exponentially as dark magician girl ran her fingers up and down her feet. “Ha-ha! Please, I have to P-pee!” Dark magician girl momentarily paused her torture. “Please stop.” Alexis said desperately. “I want to go pee. I don’t want to hold my pee any longer, I need the toilet.” Tears started running down Alexis’ face, partially due to her bladder hurting so much and partially from being tickled. Dark magician girl smirked. “Squirm all you want, but I can see it in your eyes, you like being desperate.” She was right. Alexis also had the pee fetish and was secretly kind of enjoying this, but she didn’t want to wet in public. “Let me go now! I want to pee! Ahh that hurts so bad.”

“Tisk, tisk. Now Alexis, is that anyway for someone in your position to talk to someone in mine?” Dark magician girl spoke in a very condescending and mocking tone. “If you want to pee, you can pee.” Dark magician girl poked Alexis’ rock hard bladder with her index finger. “Ahhh! Stop!”

“If you’re going to speak to me with harsh language, I’ll torture your poor little bladder harshly. Now say what you wanted to say, but nicely this time.” Dark magician girl increased the force on Alexis’ bladder. “Ahhh! Please stop.” Dark magician girl stopped poking but she continued rubbing Alexis’ abdomen, feeling how her bladder had swollen, getting aroused at the thought of all that pee literally bursting to get out as Alexis leaked a little. ”Wow, your bladder’s as hard as a bowling ball, and with all that swelling it’s starting to look like one. Now Alexis, you said you wanted to pee, well I’ll help make your wish come true.” A huge sensation of fear struck Alexis as Dark magician girl resumed tickling her, this time her ribs and underarms. “Ahahah! S-s-sto… Ahaha! Please! I-I’m gonna pee!”

“That’s the idea. You said it yourself, you wanted to pee and your bladder hurt, well I’ll take care of that.”

“Alexis was crying she had to pee so bad and finally she just couldn’t take it. A large leak escaped, which turned into a weak stream, then a strong stream, then a full force pee stream. “ Ahhh! No I’m peeing!” Dark magician girl stopped tickling Alexis and just sat back enjoying In Alexis’ discomfort. Alexis, being tied up, couldn’t do anything but just lie there as an ocean of pee involuntarily escaped her bladder. A powerful stream of pee came out of her bladder for a while, wetting her skirt as the stain on her skirt changed from a few drops, to a large stains to practically the whole skirt being wet and leaving a puddle on the ground beneat her.

When Alexis finished peeing, dark magician girl waved her staff again, making the ropes disappear. “How could you do that to me?!” Alexis screamed as she got on her knees to meet dark magician girl eye to eye. “You said you wanted to pee so I granted your wish. And come on, I know deep inside that turned you on.” Dark magician girl spoke condescendingly. “Ugh! Now I’m going to have to go into my dorm like this, someone will see my wet clothes on laundry day. What’ll I say if someone sees me in a wet skirt? What kind of teenaged girl pees her pants!?”

“Awww don’t worry Alexis.” Dark magician girl spoke very mocking and condescending tone. “A tiny bladder is nothing to be ashamed of. I’m sure the school will provide you with diapers or something.” Dark magician girl laughed at an agitated Alexis. “It’s not funny! I feel so humiliated thanks to you. Do you really have to add insult to injury?”

“Relax, I’m just kidding.” Dark magician girl waved her staff and the pee all disappeared, leaving no smell or other trace it was ever there. “I would never do something to embarrass you.” Alexis quickly calmed down. “Thanks. And you were right. I did… kind of enjoy being desperate.”

“Oh I could tell. I wouldn’t have put you through that if I thought you’d dislike it.” Both girls giggled as they fixed their clothes.

Dark magician girl followed Alexis back to her room as their evening was coming to an end. “Well, I had fun but I better turn in for the night.”

“Yeah, I better go back to my spell caster village.” Dark magician girl said trying her best to hide her sadness. “Is something wrong?”

“N-No. It’s just that, I’ve never really connected with another female the way we did tonight and I don’t want it to end.”

“Well… If you really want, you can sleep with me in my bed, whenever you like. So long as it doesn’t interfere with… you know duel monster spirit stuff.”

“Well I got to be back to Dark magician by morning, but I can do that instantly with my magic in the morning. I’d love to sleep with you. I get so lonely in my room at night.”

“Me too. I’ll be happy to have someone to cuddle.”

Alexis did her nightly routine and when she finished she went to her bed to find dark magician girl sitting on it. “Aren’t you going to change into something more comfortable?”

“I don’t have any P.J.s”

“Alexis giggled. “Neither do I. Pyjamas aren’t what I meant. Alexis removed her clothes until she was in her bra and panties. “Now this is what I meant by comfortable.” Dark Magician girl’s face lit up as she removed her clothes until her outfit matched Alexis’. Both girls got into bed together. “I hope you don’t mind this.” Dark magician girl said as she wrapped her arm around Alexis. Alexis returned the favour. “Not at all.” Dark magician girl couldn’t believe this. In one night she went from single to having a beautiful girlfriend who’s bed she could visit anytime. Dark magician girl enjoyed every minute of caressing Alexis’ perfect body.Dark magician girl lay cuddling Alexis wondering what wonders she and her partner had in store.

*002*2014-08-23 15:19

Perhaps some day I'll do one of the original series when I've watched some of it. I just finished watching GX and am now on season zero of the original, in a few days I'll be watching season one. If I find an episode that I think I can add a desperation scene to like I did here I'll definitely write one. I'd like to see Tea and Mai desperate too.

