Mary's disastrous Meeting

Author: The Destroyer

*000*2017-06-05 10:10

Mary clenched her legs and pressed them tightly together. She was regretting not using the toilet that morning. It was 12.30pm and she was very desperate to pee and unfortunately she was at a business meeting at her office. She was wearing a short black pencil skirt, white shirt and with pink panties. She unluckily could not also squirm much as she could be seen and it would be embarrassing to see a 29 year old woman desperate for a pee at the corporate world. So the only way she could stop wetting herself completely was to clench her legs tightly together and put her hands on her crotch.

The meeting was to finish at 1.30pm and by 1.10pm Mary was doubtful whether she could be able to make it. Why, oh why were people not allowed to leave during a meeting, she thought. 5 minutes later Mary wasn't able to hide her anxious expression on her face. As she was feeling uncomfortable sitting in the same position for a while, she shifted her legs. Instantly, a warm spurt escaped her urethra wetting her panties. Horrified Mary clenched her legs tighter. She couldn't lose the battle or else it would pull her career into eternal shame. At 1.25 pm Mary had to bend a little to stop herself from losing control.

2 Minutes to go...Mary felt another spurt escape into her panties dampening them. Mary prayed that she did not lose control.

Finally.. the meeting ended and everyone stood up to leave. Just as Mary stood up a little, she released another spurt which lasted a little longer and to her horror she felt a small stream go down her thighs. Praying that no one had seen her, she barged out and hurried towards the bathroom. When she half jogged and reached there she found a sign outside the bathroom "CLOSED FOR MAINTENANCE". Just seeing that message made Mary lose control in despair and she let out a longer spurt which lasted for 2 and a half seconds which produced a stream and ran down her legs, filling her shoes with a few drops of pee.

"No........" moaned Mary and somehow she stemmed the flow.

She decided that she would go to the parking lot and go home and explain tomorrow that it was a headache. She just cared about avoiding a major embarrassment.

At the lift just as it was about to close, David her co-worker entered the lift.

Oh no, thought Mary. She had hoped she would be alone.

As the lift descended Mary had to squirm which attracted David's attention.

"Are you alright?" asked David.

"I'm fine" replied Mary. She hoped he did not think about it twice.

10 seconds later a huge wave of desperation hit Mary and she leaked a few spurts making a few drops fall down her legs. She bent a little making David glance at her. She didn't care anymore. Just as the lift descended and stopped the jerk made Mary release a steady stream and to her horror, she could not control it any more! It ran down her legs and wet her skirt a little.

As the lift door opened she barged out and hurried towards her car. As she ran, she felt more warm pee coming out and various streams run down her legs. She somehow stopped the flow and reached her car. She fumbled around her bag and as she was doing so she slowly let out a stream which she could not stop. The outer portion of her skirt was soaked as she was pressing it to her wet panties while slowly peeing. She found her keys and as she removed them dropped it. She bent down and it was the last straw for her weakened crotch

Pee burst out of her crotch completely soaking anything in its path.

"NOOOO...... PLEASE STOP!!" sobbed Mary and tried to stop it but in vain. Piss gushed down her legs, wetting her pantyhose and filling up in her shoes. Even her panties were pushed back by the force. Mary, a 29 year old corporate official stood there completely and helplessly wetting herself in front of her car. After a minute of total uncontroll finally the pee stopped. Mary stood there crying for a while and then looked at the damage. Her skirt and panties were totally wet and her heels was full of warm piss. The floor also had a huge puddle of piss.

Sorry Janitor, thought Mary. At least nobody had seen her. But she still couldn't believe what she had done.

*003*2017-06-05 14:48

{{:

Quote

Sorry. This should be in the fiction section . My mistake. Won't happen again

}}

