Tech Savvy

Author: themerger

*000*2017-12-12 12:06

I seldom write fiction. This is my latest attempt at what I hope will be a short series of stories. Feedback's always apprrciated. Thanks!

###

Part 1

A rare thing indeed; that a well-rested Sam Turner could stride confidently- at her own pace- towards the gate of her departing flight elicited a long overdue, genuine smile. The whirlwind weekend of conferences, meetings- demanding a bevy of artificial grins and transactions- was over.

Sam felt impervious to the buzzing atmosphere of the O'Hare airport; lighter than the thick, recycled air in circulation; aglow against the dull, commercial interior. Her reflections on the weekend were colored by elation she felt following Saturday's investors meeting; Roniel Vejiga, and what seemed an unlimited source of capital, were to bring to light her original self-care app: Made It.

"Raise your hand if you used the restroom this morning", Sam asked of the seemingly disinterested audience. All 147 attendees' hands went up. "Thank you. Hands down".

She continued, "Now raise your hand if you thought that you were not going to make it-". Some hands went up slowly, while others shot up. "I mean, you were so desperate- your morning coffee was just flying through you- that you didn't think you were going to make it." More in the audience turned their heads looking around as they contemplated, tentatively raising their hands.

"We're human. It happens. Of course, never at the appropriate time. That said, you are free to excuse yourself at any time- just raise your hand first." They laughed every time; perhaps out of courtesy, perhaps from the discomfort they felt about sharing such an intimate part of their day.

"Y'all will be pleased to know that your desperate days are coming to a close" Sam proclaimed, slipping into her Carolina Piedmont accent; it always seemed to put people at ease.

"In collaboration with Dr. Roniel Vejiga, the medical visionary behind the renowned biometric service app- BodyWatch- Made It will let you know when you will need to go, well before you do. The app gauges your bladder's behavior based on data you provide: liquid capacity, frequency of urination, susceptibility to irritation- i.e what your coffee may be doing right now-"

Two attendees stood up and walked out of the room- Sam presumed- to use the toilet.

"And of course, more severe prexisisting conditions, all serve as data points from which trends can be generated and interpreted by the app to help you. This- ladies and gentlemen- is a massive step towards an 'accident free' world." At only 32 years old, Sam's bold vision was being realized.

###

"Sam- hold up", said Steve, Sam's trailing, and clearly exasperated colleague and travel partner. "I need to hit the bathroom quick. I'll meet you at the gate."

"Sounds good," Sam responded. I could use a pee break myself she thought. Her Made It alert had gone off just before she went through security, and sure enough, she was getting early warning signs from her bladder.

As Steve turned towards the Men's room, Sam continued on towards the Women's. While approaching the entrance of the bathroom Sam turned her head to the right and looked down the long hallway, trying to get a view of her gate, when suddenly she felt a strong nudge on her left elbow.

"Sorry!" was all the middle-aged woman could say, walking briskly towards the bathroom with a small, but clearly stuffed duffle bag.

"Ugh- Mom, you always wait until the last minute," the young woman said following in the middle-aged woman's steps. Both made their way into the bathroom before Sam.

Once inside, the sound of running water, hand dryers and a slamming stall door filled the air. Sam was surprised that it smelled pretty fresh, like the lavender essential oil that her hotel provided over the weekend.

Sam rounded the corner of the partition separating the toilet stalls and the sinks, and saw the young woman from moments ago standing outside one of the stall doors.

"It's OK. Just take a deep breath. No one will see anything," Sam heard the young woman say to her mother.

"Oh the stain is huge, Denise," the middle-aged woman replied in a hushed but fervent voice, "nothing went down my legs, thank god. I just sat down and went through my pants."

There was one available stall next to the where the young woman stood consoling her mother.

"Well, at least you wore black pants. Seriously, no one will-"

"Excuse me", Sam interjected and gestured to the open stall, "Were you going to use this one here?"

The young woman closed her eyes and responded with a curt shake of the head.

"Thanks" Sam said as she entered the stall and shut the door. The toilet was remarkably clean, but Sam laid toilet paper on the seat anyway. After hanging her jacket and carry-on on the hook of the stall door, she pulled down her jeans and panties and sat on the toilet. Immediately she unleashed a powerful torrent of urine; the relief was overwhelming.

I can't believe how much I'm peeing she thought to herself. The stream seemed interminable, and the immense relief made her feel warm inside. Why was she so warm? She could feel warmth all over her body. She closed her eyes and relished the feeling.

Then came a series of loud thuds on the stall door. Sam would've expected a more characteristic knock and rattle of the stall door. The thud continued but Sam wanted nothing more than to keep her eyes closed.

"Not now" she muttered, her mouth feeling heavy and tired.

The thuds continued and she heard a soft voice calling her name from the other side of the door.

"Steve?" she said quietly. "What're you doing in the women's-" Sam sat up suddenly in her hotel room bed. She was soaked- shoulders to ankles- in her own urine.

The thuds continued on the door of her hotel room. "Sam, are you awake?" asked Steve on the other side of the door. "Shit," Sam said to herself.

