Sunset's Layers of Clothing

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-12-03 14:11

Sunset Shimmer woke up one morning. She had so many layers of blankets on for some reason that her pajamas were damp with sweat. She changed out of her pajamas into a pair of dark red panties, and put on a white and pink T-shirt and a short, skintight pair of dark blue shorts. She was thirsty from sweating so much so she chugged down a glass of soda and four glasses of water.

When she walked outside to go for her morning walk, she shivered a little, as it was a little cooler than the previous day, for it was fall. So she walked back inside and put on a pair of tight jeans over her shorts. If the day got warmer she could always take her jeans off. Or if Rainbow Dash challenged her to something athletic.

As she was walking, she ran into Rarity.

"Ooh, Sunset, I'm so glad you're here. I've got three new outfits for the fashion show and I'd like you to model for me."

"Sure," said Sunset. She wasn't as into fashion as Rarity, but she always thought it was fun.

...

As Sunset went to Rarity's room at the theater the fashion show was taking place in, she realized she had not taken her morning pee. But, she was sure she could hold it. These fashion shows never took that long for her anyway.

First Rarity had her put on a skintight sparkly pink bodysuit. She had to admit it did look really good on her, and no one could even tell she was wearing jeans underneath.

Sunset stood on the stage and posed. However, this fashion show was a little different. They took pictures of her from all angles, and spent about ten extra minutes on her butt, as part of the fashion show was examining how their butts looked in the bodysuits. The judges seemed quite impressed, saying this suit outlined her butt perfectly, while commenting on what a cute butt she had. Sunset was very flattered, for she took great pride in her behind.

Rainbow Dash was also a part of the fashion show, also wearing Rarity's outfits. She farted while they were examining her butt, finding this to be absolutely hilarious.

Sunset was sweating a bit in the studio lights so she downed two more glasses of water.

Rarity gave Sunset her next outfit, a purple miniskirt type dress that buttoned up at the back. In the interest of time, the contestants were allowed to put them on over their bodysuits, which Sunset did, Rarity buttoning it up.

As Sunset posed for the fashion show, she felt her need to pee increase, slowly becoming more doubtful that she was going to make it. At least this time they weren't inspecting her rear. Not that Sunset didn't like them admiring her butt, but she wanted the fashion show to be over so she could find a bathroom now!

Finally, it came time to try on the third and final outfit, a fancy-looking blue dress that took about ten minutes for Rarity to get on. Sunset crossed her legs and fidgeted the entire time, wishing she hadn't been hot and thirsty enough to drink THREE more glasses of water before wearing this dress, despite her intense need to pee.

"Do try to hold it Sunset," said Rarity. "This is the final stage, and I will be very upset if you pee in my outfits."

"I'll try," said Sunset. "But I gotta go, REAL bad!"

Sunset walked onstage and posed as best she could, holding herself and crossing her legs under her dress.

Rainbow snickered at Sunset's desperation. The judges seemed to think her desperate poses were cute, too.

"I hope she doesn't end up peeing herself," said Hoity Toity. "That is a marvelous dress."

Sunset blushed a little, still holding herself and feeling waves of pee sloshing around inside her.

After what seemed like an hour, the fashion show was finally done. Sunset ran to the bathroom as quickly as she could.

"Well, we have a winner!" said Sapphire Shores. "Rarity has the best outfits, and her best model is Sunset Shimmer! She has a cuter butt than Rainbow Dash, and her 'need to pee' poses were even cuter!"

"And she didn't fart in my face," said Photo Finish.

Rainbow Dash chuckled.

Sunset reached the bathroom, entered a cubicle, and locked it. She didn't have time to pull down her dress so she lifted it up.

She then remembered, upon seeing it, she was wearing a bodysuit under her dresses. Feeling more uncomfortable by the second, Sunset started untying the back of her dress.

It was tricky because it was on her back, and Rarity had put it on so she didn't know how it all went. Some of the knots seemed very tight. If only it was loose enough for her to take it off over her head right now!

She began to work faster and faster with the strings, for she really needed to go!

After about fifteen minutes, she finally got it undone and took it off, throwing it to the side of the toilet. Then she got to work on her other dress, the short purple dress she was wearing underneath the fancy dress.

Her hands were sweaty so it was tricky to unbutton the back of it, especially since this made her unable to hold herself. This was a problem, because she felt like she was about to burst!

It took about nine minutes but she was able to get it off, throwing it on top of the fancy dress.

Next was her bodysuit, under which were her jeans, under which, her shorts, and her panties. Once she got her jeans down she'd easily be able to get her shorts and underwear down and pee. But every second counted and she wasn't sure she could hold it that long.

To her horror, the zipper of her bodysuit was stuck. Sunset pulled with all her might. She might have been able to get it sooner, but her hands were sweaty and often slipped off the zipper. She became more frantic as she desperately fumbled with the zipper.

And then, Sunset felt her crotch grow warm and wet as a soft hissing noise was heard.

*ppppsssssssssssss*

Sunset was peeing herself. She tried to stop her stream, but it only got harder. With a sigh of dismay, Sunset sat on the toilet to avoid making a puddle on the bathroom floor and peeing on the two dresses. Rarity would be angry enough for wetting ONE of her prize outfits.

A wet spot was rapidly expanding on her crotch, and in seconds the pee was passing through the butt of her bodysuit and splashing into the toilet below. Sunset couldn't help but sigh in relief. Sure, she was having an accident in her shorts, her jeans, AND one of Rarity's outfits, and her panties were soaked, but the relief felt amazing after holding it for so long, and part of her did like the feeling of the warm release.

She peed for just under two minutes, after which she let out another sigh, enjoying the relief despite her humiliation.

Then, she sheepishly opened the stall door and walked outside, holding both dresses in front of her and hoping to get home and change before anyone noticed that she wet her pants.

She was stopped by Rarity.

"Sunset, darling, they loved you SO much more than Rainbow Dash! Come onstage and claim your prize!"

Rarity pushed Sunset forward onto the stage by her butt, noticing at that moment that it was wet.

"Ew... Did you use my bodysuit as a toilet?"

Sunset blushed and tried to hide behind the dresses, but Rarity pulled them out of her hands, exposing her wet spot to the audience. Many of them started to laugh.

"I tried, but... I didn't make it."

"Her outfit looks even better after wetting it," said Photo Finish, and they took pictures.

"Turn around so we can see how your butt looks now," said Sapphire Shores.

Blushing beet red, Sunset turned around and let them take pictures of her pee-soaked tush.

Rarity let Sunset take her prize, and then took her to her house.

"Shame on you for peeing in one of my outfits," said Rarity.

"I'm sorry Rarity... I just couldn't get the zipper down."

Rarity sat down, put Sunset over her knee, not caring that she was getting some of her pee on her, and swatted her rear. With three layers of clothing plus her underwear, it didn't hurt much, but Sunset still felt ashamed.

As the spanking continued, Sunset noticed Rarity seemed to be spanking her a little more playfully, and she liked it.

After about 50 swats, Rarity stopped.

"I hope I wasn't too harsh," she said. "I'm sure you tried your best, and I can only imagine how embarrassing it must be for you. I wet myself once, and it was dreadful, though no one noticed because I was wearing skintight black pants at the time."

"Don't worry," said Sunset. "It didn't really hurt, and I like it when people do that."

"Wet themselves?"

"No, slap my butt." Sunset giggled a little.

"Well you DO have a very nice butt." Rarity slapped Sunset's tush again playfully. "I may have just wanted to slap it more than trying to punish you."

Sunset giggled. "Maybe I should pee in your outfits more often."

"Let me try to take this off."

Rarity tried to undo Sunset's zipper, but it still wouldn't budge.

"This zipper is broken."

"Oh... The second wave is coming..." The rest of the pee left over had now filled her bladder, and she got off Rarity's lap and ran to the bathroom.

"Between the broken zipper and you peeing in it, that outfit is no good anymore, so I'll have to cut it off you. Just wait while I fetch a pair of scissors."

"Too late."

*002*2018-02-17 21:33

CORRECTION NOTICE:

I confused "bodysuit" with "jumpsuit". I should probably repost this since I can't edit it like on fimfiction (where I didn't post this story due to lack of confidence).

Or, I'll see if a mod can change it. For this one and the other two.

*005*2020-01-01 07:58

{{On 11/2/2019 at 10:01 AM, Ciamajdus said:

That was amazing! You shoud do more stories like this!

}}

Sadly not a lot of people like my stories. Thank you for being one of the few. Maybe one day I'll write another "jumpsuit zipper" story for her, and PM it to you if I feel it isn't good enough for here. (at least here people are too polite to say my stories are lame)

Did you see this picture of Sunset wetting her snow pants

? (Don't worry, I think she'll be fine, she will need to change her pants and might not be up for Round 2 after that hit, and probably a little embarrassed about her accident but after Forgotten Friendship and Sunset's Backstage Pass I don't think it's anything she can't handle)

Oh, and I guess I was right the first time about "bodysuit", or more specificically "full bodysuit". I think that's the term I'm looking for at long last.

*007*2020-05-06 07:31

{{On 5/4/2020 at 11:40 PM, sonadam9 said:

A nother good story as all was. I really enjoyed reading it. If this was fimfiction I would add it to my favorites. I have an interesting idea for another bodysuit store. I could tell you here or I could PM you.

}}

Maybe include it on the next PM.

