Equestria Girls Didn't Make It

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2021-10-04 01:14

Here's another Equestria Girls omo fanfic I thought of, as I realize I haven't done a lot of "almost made it" scenarios.

I noticed a new tag system since the last time. I might go and modify my other stories one time.

###

Chapter 1: Twilight Sparkle

Twilight Sparkle was doing some research on her computer. It was a hot summer day so she was wearing her Legend of Everfree outfit. Earlier today she had played one on one soccer with Rainbow Dash for a bit of practice, even though of course Rainbow won easily. She had sweated a lot so she smelled a little, but it wasn't like anyone but Spike could smell her now.

She had drank a lot after soccer, so she was feeling a need to pee. But she was so caught up in her research that she ignored it for now.

Five hours went by, and while Twilight was certainly conscious of how badly she had to go, she continued to ignore it and focus on her research. Subconsciously she was fidgeting hard in her seat.

Spike noticed Twilight's fidgeting and could tell she had to go to the bathroom really badly. "You should take a bathroom break, Twilight. If you remember the last five times..."

Twilight blushed lightly. "In a minute. Once I finish this paragraph."

Twilight read five more paragraphs on the article she was on, before her need to pee got so intense that she realized she was about to burst. She stood up and ran to the bathroom.

"She might just stay dry this time," said Spike.

Twilight was halfway to the bathroom when she lost control. Her shorts darkened and pee flowed down her legs. She whimpered and continued her path into the bathroom, leaving a trail of urine behind her. By the time she was in the bathroom, her shorts were already soaked. She figured it wouldn't make much sense to pull them down and let the puddle on the bathroom floor get bigger, so she sat on the toilet with her shorts still up, and finished peeing the rest of the way, sighing of relief.

Spike heard the sound of her pee splashing into the toilet. "I think she made it," he said, sounding impressed.

When Twilight finished peeing, she flushed the toilet and walked out of the bathroom sheepishly. "I didn't make it," she said, blushing lightly.

"One day," said Spike.

After Twilight mopped up her puddle she continued her research in her wet shorts.

"Aren't you gonna change?" Spike asked.

"When I'm done," said Twilight. There had been times she had an accident at her computer and stayed there until she was done what she was doing.

Chapter 2: Sunset Shimmer

Sunset Shimmer woke up one morning. Without going to the bathroom or changing out of her pajamas, she got out of bed, made a big coffee, drank it with her breakfast, then sat on her couch and started playing one of her favorite video games.

It was a very addicting game so Sunset played for hours and hours straight.

She realized three hours in that she had not taken her morning pee, due to the fact that she had to go to the bathroom right now. But she was sure she could hold it for a little while longer.

She had a package of water bottles next to her couch to keep hydrated, so the closest she'd come to pausing her game was to drink one of them. She drank six bottles over the next three hours.

Soon she really needed to go, but she didn't want to stop playing. As she was playing her game she fidgeted hard where she sat.

Eventually she realized she was about to burst. Part of her wanted to keep playing, but the part of her that didn't want to pee all over the couch again took hold and she paused the game. She ran to the bathroom as fast as she could, but just as she reached the bathroom door, her overflowing bladder gave out. She stood still as the crotch of her pajama pants grew warm and wet, and pee flowed down her legs, forming a puddle where she stood.

She sighed of relief as she wet her pants. She blushed lightly at having yet another accident. She should really learn to pause and address her bathroom needs when they arose. At least this time she had tried to reach the bathroom.

When Sunset finished peeing, she mopped up her puddle, set a towel on the couch, and continued playing in her wet pajamas.

Chapter 3: Rainbow Dash

Rainbow Dash stood before the racetrack. She brought a whole package of water bottles and a large cooler of cider and soda with her. She was wearing a white T-shirt with a rainbow lightning bolt on it and a skintight pair of black shorts going halfway to her knees.

Rainbow started running laps around the track as fast as she could. Sunny or rainy or even snowy she would keep running laps to make sure she stayed as fast as ever, maybe even get faster.

It was a hot day so after about ten laps or so she would take a short break, drink two bottles of water, one can of soda, and three bottles of cider.

So, it wasn't long before she had to go to the bathroom really badly. If it was raining, she would just pee in her shorts since they were already wet. If it was winter, she would pee her snowpants, which would conceal the wetness. On a sunny day she would try to hold it. Even though her shorts were black and already soaked with sweat, the pee flowing down her legs would be too obvious if someone saw, for often there were a few others running laps too.

The nearest bathroom was at a convenience store a block down from the racetrack. Rainbow was sure if things got too bad she could run there fast enough.

She kept running, and drinking her water, soda, and cider whenever she got thirsty. As she ran she felt the pee sloshing around inside her, but kept wanting to run one more lap.

In the middle of her fifth lap in her current sequence, she felt a jolt in her bladder and realized she was about to burst. So she ran down the block to the convenience store as fast as she could. She wished she had done so sooner, for she wasn't sure she was going to make it.

And make it, she didn't! She was halfway to the convenience store when she started peeing uncontrollably. She shot her hand between her legs and desperately tried to stop wetting herself, but she couldn't. Realizing she had lost the battle with her bladder, she sat on the grass and relaxed. Her stream got stronger and she sat there peeing her shorts like a race horse. The relief felt wonderful, and it then occurred to her, she could just do this at the track whenever she needed to go, and no one would be the wiser, since no pee would flow down her legs in sitting position.

She peed for over two minutes. "Ahhhh, that's better," she said when she finally finished. She then stood back up and confidently ran back to the racetrack, her shorts soaked with more than just sweat.

Chapter 4: Rarity

Rarity was sitting at her sewing table making dresses and other costumes. She was wearing her original dress and purple panties underneath.

As she was working on a big line of dresses for Sapphire Shores, she felt an urge to pee, for she had drank a big coffee this morning. It was a hot day and the air conditioner wasn't working. Someone would be coming in to fix it tomorrow, but since it would be hot inside today, Rarity was drinking a lot of water to stay hydrated.

She held it for as long as it took to finish the dresses. By now she had to go to the bathroom pretty badly. She considered using the bathroom now... but she had a great idea for new outfits for all of her friends, and she was afraid that the slightest distraction would make her forget.

So after hanging the dresses up on a clothes rack to give to Sapphire, she returned to her seat with her legs crossed tight and started making her new outfits. As she was making the outfits she fidgeted in her seat as her need to pee increased rapidly.

She made athletic shorts and sports bras for Rainbow Dash in black, red, blue, white, and pink, so she'd have a wide selection and not have to run the washing machine every day so she wasn't wearing a sweaty, smelly outfit next time she ran. Not that Rainbow ever did wash her sweaty outfits before the rest of the laundry.

For Fluttershy, she made three beautiful dresses, including one identical to her original dress so she'd have something to change into if she had another one of her accidents. For Applejack, she made a pair of jeans and two pairs of jean shorts, one of which were cutoffs.

For Pinkie Pie, she made a short, tight pair of jean shorts, a T-shirt to go with them, two party dresses, pairs of underwear to go with them that she thought were pretty (Pinkie was not shy about giving panty shots), and a teal romper. Aware of her desperate need of a bathroom, Rarity put a zipper on the back of the romper instead of buttons so it would be easier for her to get it off if she had to pee really badly. Though she wasn't sure Pinkie would make it every time, it at least increased her chances.

For Twilight and Sunset, she was making a pair of leggings, shorts, shirts to go with them, and a beautiful dress for each of them. Her bladder was screaming for release but she tried to hold it long enough to finish.

By the time she finished the last outfit, the Twilight dress, she was about to burst. She stood up and ran to the bathroom as fast as she could.

She was halfway there when she felt a warm wetness spread through her underwear. She put her hand on her crotch, pressing the front of her skirt against it which caused her skirt to get soaked. She tried to stop peeing but her stream only got stronger. Rarity was peeing in her dress. She stopped trying to hold it and sighed of relief and dismay as yellow waterfalls gushed down her beautiful legs, forming a puddle on her pristine floor. She couldn't believe that she, the beautiful, ladylike Rarity, was wetting herself, but she couldn't deny the relief felt nice.

When she finished peeing, she cleaned up her puddle, set up her outfits so she was ready to give them to her friends tomorrow, and then took a long bubble bath in her wet dress.

Chapter 5: Applejack

Applejack was doing some work at the farm. Today there was a lot to do, and she was wearing the pair of jean shorts Rarity had given her. This was the pair that weren't cutoffs; she had gotten the other pair a little dirty mud wrestling with Rainbow Dash and hadn't washed them yet.

Being a hot day, Applejack drank lots of water and cider. So it wasn't long before she had to pee really badly. But she wanted to get all her work done first.

As she was working, her need to pee increased, and it became harder to hide the signs of it.

"Granny Smith, I think Applejack has to go to the bathroom," said Apple Bloom.

"Eeyup," said Big Mac.

"It's great you want to finish the work as fast as possible," said Granny Smith. "But you really need to take a bathroom break once and a while. Remember the last three times."

"Ah can hold it this time!" said Applejack, blushing lightly.

The last thing Applejack needed to do was mow the lawn, which was very big. She was about a quarter of the way done when she felt she was about to burst. Remembering her last three accidents, she decided the smart thing to do was race to the outhouse.

She was just at the door of the nearest outhouse when she couldn't hold it anymore. She froze in place as she peed like a race horse in her shorts. Though they were already soaked with sweat, everyone could see the rivers of pee flowing down her legs. They could even hear the hissing sound of her stream spraying the denim of her shorts.

"Least she tried to make it to the bathroom this time," said Apple Bloom.

"Eeyup," said Big Mac.

Applejack peed for just under two minutes. Once she was done, she sighed, then resumed mowing the lawn in her wet shorts, which were then dried by the sun, so she didn't change until bedtime.

Chapter 6: Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy

One day, the Equestria Girls were having a big party at Pinkie's house. There was a lot of soda, punch, and cider involved.

Fluttershy was wearing her original dress, with skintight pink boyshort panties underneath, while Pinkie Pie was wearing the skintight teal romper that Rarity had given her.

Pinkie drank five times as much soda, punch, and cider as anyone else. She made sure there was still more than enough for everyone, but having drank the most, Pinkie soon felt an intense urge to pee.

Fluttershy also had to pee, though not quite as badly as Pinkie yet.

At first, Pinkie was having too much fun playing a card game with Twilight, Sunset, and Fluttershy. But when she knew she was close to bursting point, she set her cards down face up and stood up. "I gotta go potty!" she said, and ran off.

Fluttershy, whose need to pee was also increasing by the minute, turned Pinkie's cards back facedown without looking directly at them.

Pinkie was only about a quarter of the way to the bathroom when she started peeing. She kept running, leaving a wet trail behind her.

Rarity noticed, sitting on the couch next to Rainbow Dash, who was playing a racing game with Applejack. "I guess it wouldn't have made a difference if I put buttons on the back of it," she said. Of course she knew Pinkie would just laugh it off.

Fluttershy blushed as she saw Pinkie's trail of urine as she entered the bathroom. She usually blushed lightly whenever she saw Pinkie wet herself, but right now she had to pee really badly too. She was always too shy to say she needed to go, and would always do her best to hide signs of desperation. This would often end wet for her.

Pinkie entered the bathroom. She decided not to try to take her romper off; she was already making a big enough puddle as it is. So she sat on the toilet with her romper still on and zipped up, and relaxed, letting her stream go all the way, passing through her romper and into the toilet loud enough to make Rainbow Dash or Applejack proud. As she peed, she sighed of relief, and then giggled, finding it funny that she was peeing her romper. She always found pee accidents to be funny, including her own, though she'd try not to be too insensitive if it was Fluttershy.

She farted before she finished peeing, and sighed of immense relief when her stream finally stopped. She stood up, flushed the toilet, and cleaned up her puddle both in the bathroom and out before she sat back at the table in her wet romper and continued playing the card game cheerfully as though nothing had happened.

After the card game was finished, the girls sat on the couch and watched a movie. Pinkie sat on a towel on her spot on the couch.

Fluttershy still had to go to the bathroom. She sat and fidgeted. No one noticed, for their attention was on the movie. Fluttershy thought about quietly sneaking to the bathroom, but she was sure that it would not go unnoticed. She had completely forgotten about that fact that Pinkie had wet herself.

Unfortunately, Fluttershy had a very small bladder. So when her desperation reached a critical level she was all too familiar with, she decided, there was nothing for it but to run to the bathroom. If she didn't, she'd have an accident.

Fluttershy stood up and ran to the bathroom as fast as she could. She was about three quarters of the way there when she started peeing. She stopped in her tracks and put both hands on her crotch, but her stream wouldn't stop, soaking her dress and flowing down her legs, forming a large puddle where she stood. She blushed as her panties became soaked. She was kind of used to wetting herself and none of her friends were mean to her for it, but it was still a little embarrassing.

Rainbow Dash looked in Fluttershy's direction and saw her accident. She blushed, but pretended she didn't notice and went back to watching the movie, hoping Fluttershy would be all right.

When Fluttershy finished peeing, she stood there for a few seconds, before she pulled herself together, cleaned up her puddle, and changed into her identical dress Rarity had given her. She had forgotten to pack a change of underwear, so she patted her wet panties dry in the bathroom with toilet paper. As she sat back down beside Rainbow Dash, Rainbow noticed she smelled of pee and blushed, but again, said nothing.

It wasn't long before Fluttershy got over her accident and was having fun again.

*003*2021-12-11 23:08

{{3 hours ago, Peepeeboy02 said:

I'm calling Chapter 6 my favorite of these because I can imagine Fluttershy peeing herself in any of the outfits she wears, whether it be her original green skirt, her blue dress or any else she wore because she has probably the most trigger-happy bladder out of any of the girls in EQG.

}}

I can imagine that too. If any of them wet themselves, Fluttershy and Pinkie probably do that the most.

