Desperate in chemistry

Author: TJC

*000*2015-08-26 03:59

This is a story heavily based on an episode of what's with Andy, it also draws inspiration from some real life experiences of mine.

"Aaand done!" Ashley said as she finished the last of her two liter root beer. "Wow Ash, i'm amazed." Said Gwen. "I really didn't think you could do it." Ashley had just completed the two-liter drink challenge at Charlie's; the local restaurant. Anyone who bought a two liter soft drink would get free drinks for a month, as well as their picture on the wall of "Iron guts". What's more is that Gwen had made a bet with Ashley, if Ashley accomplished the challenge, she'd pay for her drink. "Buuuuurp! See, told you I could do it Gwen. Now cough up the cash." Gwen reluctantly pulled out her wallet to pay for her friend's over-sized beverage. Mr. Charlie, the store owner came to congratulate Ashley.

"Wow! That's amazing, finishing all that at your size! With you getting free drinks I might as well declare bankruptcy right now." He chuckled. "Now smile for the wall of iron guts". Ashley's tummy hurt from all the soda, but he stood up and smiled for Mr. Charlie. "I gotta say, most people on the wall are pretty portly and unsightly, it'll be nice to add a pretty picture like yours." Ashley blushed. Charlie was not wrong though, Ashley was a beautiful 18 year old girl. She was tall, with long flowing blond locks. On this day she was wearing a white tank top that caressed her shapely body and ample breasts, as well as short shorts that showed her log gorgeous legs.

"Damn!" Said Gwen annoyed. "I would have never offered to pay if i knew you had the bladder of a truck driver. Where does it go?" Ashley smiled. "Hey fair is fair. Now if you'll excuse me, i'm gonna get another soda."

"After that!!!?? Are you insane!?"

"Hey, i gotta take advantage of the free drinks." She got another drink, this time just a regular sized, and sipped it as she conversed with Gwen. A short while later Gwen checked her watch. "Oh shit, Ash we gotta go or we'll be late for class." Ashley went to refill her drink, and followed Gwen to school.

The girls arrived to their afternoon chemistry class just in time. Ashley finished the last of her soda. They walked into the class and took their seats side by side to each other. An older, stern looking lady walked in, and stood at the front of the class. "Hello class. I am you substitute Ms Major. I have a few rules with my classes. No gum, no phones, no talking unless necessary, no food or drinks, and no leaving the class." The last rule came as a surprise to Ashley. "No leaving class!?" She thought to herself. "This isn't good. I was counting on Mr. Tyler being here he's chill with the bathrooms. This is a long, 3 hour class. Well, she'll let me go if i say it's an emergency." She reassured herself.

Ms Major did role call then read over the lesson for the day. "Ok class, we will be doing the lab on page 69." Go collect your materials, and pair up."

"Pardon me miss." A student called out. But we don't have a fire extinguisher. This lab requires us to use bunsen burners. I'll go get an extinguisher from the science department."

"No! We do not need one. You will do the lab properly and there will be no accidents."

"But miss, the sprinklers in this class aren't working and..."

"Don't talk back brat! do as you're told." All the students didn't say anything. They got their materials, among which were bunsen burners, funnels, beakers and various scientific equipment, ad got to work at the lab stations in the class.

Ashley and Gwen set up their station and began working. As always, Gwen did the hands on portion; mixing chemicals etc, and Ashley recorded the observations. The class environment was pretty typical for a lab. Everyone was hard at work, accept for Peter and Dan, the local stoners. They were dicking around and slacking off. Ms Major was busy enforcing her stern rules station to station.

A short while into the experiment Ashley felt a slight sensation in her bladder. "Hey Gwen, i'm uh, having a bit of a problem."

"What do you mean?"

"Well um, let's just say soda is the kind of thing you rent, if you catch my drift." Gwen thought for a second then she understood. "Oh, well it serves you right for making me pay for that drink. I'm out ten bucks!" The girls chuckled. "I'll just wait a bit and ask. I'll say it's an emergency." The girls worked diligently. Ashley's bladder didn't bother her too much. At times it would get mildly uncomfortable, but nothing she couldn't handle.

Her comfort came to a short end. After about half an hour Ashley's urge to pee became quite strong. She begin fidgeting a bit for comfort. She raised her hand and Ms Major came over. "Miss, i really need to pee. May i please go."

"You heard what i said at the beginning of class No!"

"But it's really uncomfortable and..."

"Nice try, but i know how you teenagers like to skip class. It won't work" She then left. "Fuck, it's pretty serious, my bladder hurts."

"Well, you still gotta do your part of the work. This'll teach you a lesson for taking my money." Ashley gave Gwen a dirty look, but continued working. She was dancing and occasionally grabbed her crotch in between note taking, all the while trying to be discrete.

Gwen then got a naughty idea as sort of a means for revenge for the bet. Hey Ash, you coming to soccer practice today?"

"Uh yeah..." Ashley asked a bit confused. "Me too, as long s it doesn't rain. Last practice it was pouring buckets. Just rain rain everywhere. Drip, drip."

"Uh Gwen, you're making my desperation worse." Gwen gave a devilish grin. "You know i Just love Niagara falls, gallons of water falling freely, nothing holding it back . Woooosh Wooosh."

"Shut up Gwen. I'll just ignore you. I know, i'll concentrate on the bunsen burner, fire the opposite of water."

"Ah yes, fire. What firemen put out with their hoses spraying powerful streams, freely all over the place, from an endless source of cool gushing water."

"Gwen!! I really need to pee stop!." Gwen smirked. "Hey, I payed for a soda i didn't get to drink any of, i gotta enjoy it somehow." Gwen's stories had really done a number on Ashley. Her hands were clamped against her crotch and she was pee dancing. She was copying results but was pausing a lot to tend to her bladder. At this point she made no effort to be discrete about her desperation.

Ashley couldn't take the pain and raised her hand again. The teacher came. "Miss it's a real emergency, i'm gonna pee soon."

"You're an adult, you can hold it! Stop whining."

"Miss please, i drank over two liters of soda at lunch, this is excruciating!"

"You should have gone before class! This'll teach you for next time."

"Teach me bu peeing in my pants!?" The teacher said nothing and left.

At this point Ashley was dying. Her bladder was so swollen it made her flat stomach look like a gut. She had completely abandoned recording results to grab herself firmly and dance. The pain in her bladder was unbearable. Sweat began to form on her temples. This was the worst she ever had to pee in her life. She would have normally given in at this point, but it was all mind over matter now. She was determined not to pee herself in front of everyone. With over an hour and a half of class left, her efforts were pointless.

Suddenly, a small fire started in a corner of the room. Peter and Dan were horsing around and accidentally knocked a bunsen burner on the ground. With no extinguisher or sprinklers, that fire would become big and spread. "Alright students, calmly evacuate." Miss major said. Ashley was horror stricken. If the school caught fire, no one would be allowed in for hours while the fire dept investigated, meaning, no bathroom for her for sure. She then had a brilliant idea to solve both problems.

She grabbed a funnel and ran to the fire. She unzipped her shorts, put the funnel over her vagina and began peeing out the fire. Her stream was powerful, releasing all that built up pressure. "Oh god! This feels so good." Ashley had a huge look of relief of her face. She continued as her urine doused the fire,Leaving a giant puddle on the ground. Ashley made sure to get every last drop out before zipping her pants up. Ashley felt wonderful unburdening herself of all that liquid.

The newspaper found out about this and Ashley as named a local hero.

*004*2015-08-26 19:13

{{:

Pretty hot, and that ending was pretty clever.

}}

Thanks. But i can't take credit for the ending. It was what happened on an episode of what's with Andy i saw many years ago.

*006*2015-08-28 22:18

{{:

Excellent story! And I know which episode that inspired you too! Major props friend! = w=b

}}

Yes the scene in the episode was quite good. I only wish it wasn't male desperation... I just thought the idea of getting desperate from a drinking bet, and peeing out a fire were very interesting ideas for a wetting story.

