Disciplining Emily: Part 1 - Emily`s Challenging Day

Author: thatgirl360

*000*2024-07-20 05:05

Emily took a deep breath, exhaling slowly. You can do this, she told herself. As she typed, her hands shook, making her fingers slip as she tried to type. The keys felt strange and foreign under her touch, her hands trembling slightly from the strain of maintaining control. The effort of holding it required constant, exhausting vigilance. Every muscle in her lower abdomen was tense, straining to keep the flood at bay. The sensation spread through her entire body, affecting her concentration, her breathing, and her ability to remain composed. The urgency was a relentless tide, crashing over her in waves, each more intense than the last. The pressure in her bladder was an insistent, throbbing ache that refused to be ignored, making every task feel monumental.She shifted in her seat, the hard edge of the chair pressing into her as she crossed and uncrossed her legs, trying to find a position that offered even the slightest relief.

Spoiler

The fullness in her lower abdomen was a constant distraction, a heavy weight that seemed to grow with each passing minute. She could feel the tautness of her skin stretching over her swollen bladder, every movement sending jolts of discomfort through her body.

As she attempted to focus on the report she was working on, her mind kept drifting back to the throbbing need in her bladder, the desperate desire to relieve herself. She bit her lip, trying to block out the urgent need and concentrate on the task at hand. But her mind was clouded with thought of relief, her thoughts consumed by the pressure building inside her.The ticking of the clock on the wall was maddening, each second stretching out into an eternity. Her eyes darted to it repeatedly, counting down the minutes until her next inspection.

