A saints row story

Author: Thesamster2002

*000*2019-04-18 21:34

If anyone had played the first saints row game here is a pee desperation story.

As lin was getting ready she had received a call from Donny,Lin’s quote unquote boyfriend. Everytime the west side rollerzs had a meeting everyone was scared including Lin. To help out with the stress she drank a lot of water and beer. After finishing, she made her way to the meeting at the demolition derby track. And when she arrived she really had to pee, but if late to the meeting she’ll have worst than an empty bladder, so she went to the meeting. The meeting began at daybreak and ended at noon but during that time Lin did everything she could to prevent her from peeing herself, she squirmed, she grabbed her crotch, and crossed her legs for 3 hours.

As the meeting concluded everyone left and went home except for Lin who after those three hours was at her limit, she sprinted towards the bathroom as fast as she could, her head was saying “please don’t there be a line” and it kept repeating in her head. And to her luck there wasn't, but it was locked so she lockpicked it while doing so she leaked 2 times. She got the door open but sadly didn't make it to the stalls in time. Her blue sweatpants now soaked from her butt all the way down to her heels, she entered a stall and looked at her painties they were completely soaked in piss. On her way home she made sure no one could see her soaked sweatpants and sure enough no one did Lin then thought to herself “How am I gonna clean my only pair of pants and painties that will fool the rollerzs?”

Tell me have you ever played saints row one

