You can`t just go during a test!

Author: Toaster12

*000*2019-08-05 05:34

The line to the restroom couldn't be any longer, and she had to be in class in two minutes. Her bladder was uncomfortably full, but she could wait one more hour, couldn't she? She shifted nervously, checking the time on her phone one more time, before sighing and abandoning the line, a few other girls sighing and walking off to there class. Who knows, maybe her teacher would be in a good mood today. She walked into the room, glanced at the teacher still sitting at her desk grading the tests from last period.

She looked a little frazzled, maybe stressed. That was not a good mood. She bit her lip and walked to her desk, sitting down and pulling out her notebook and folder before glancing up at the board. "TEST TODAY. NO TALKING." Oh. Fuck. The bell rang and the teacher closed the door. "Alright, I'm going to take roll and then the test will be passed out. If you have any questions now is the time to ask." She announced. A few hands raised and some simple questions were exchanged, a few explanations and refreshers were given. Then she turned her attention to our main character. "Yes, Sarah."

"Uhm--M-Mam? May I please go to the restroom super quick?" Sarah asked shakily, the embarrassment from asking the question and acknowledging the problem made her need worse. "Wh--Absolutely not! We're not even ten minutes into class! You are in 12th grade-- Goodness, aren't you an adult at this point? Don't tell me you can't hold it one hour. You're a big girl." She scoffed. A few muffled giggles could be herd throughout the class as Sarah looked down and crossed her legs. She wasn't too sure she could at this point. But, did she really have a choice? The tests were handed out and the class went silent. Sarah quickly got to work on her test, answering the first few classes with ease.

This was her second time in the class, not due to laziness or lack of knowledge on her part. She missed the last month of last semester and had to repeat her classes this semester to make up the last of her credits. Which meant she had no room for failure. After about five minutes, she had almost forgot about her predicament until a wave of pressure from her badder made her stop what she was writing and quickly press her legs shut. She closed her eyes and forced a whimper down, before glancing up at the clock. She still had 45 minutes left in class. Her heart sank. She really didn't know if she could wait that long. She sighed shakily and got back to work, shaking her leg and nervously tapping her fingers on her desk as she wrote. "Sarah, Sit still and stop making that annoying noise." Her teacher scolded her."

"S---Sorry, Mam." She apologized and stopped her movement for a moment. Less than a few seconds after she stopped another wave hit. Her eyes went wide and she instinctively shoved her hand into her crotch. A small dribble leaked into her panties. Her eyes went wide and she held her breath for a moment, tears forming in her eyes. No. She did not just wet herself. Well... She did. But just a little. It was fine. She could hide it. It was just a little. She bit her lip hard and squirmed, struggling to keep any more from coming out. Again, she looked at the time. 35 minutes left in class.

She took a deep breath. She could do this. Her test was almost done. Just two more pages of this and she could focus on her problem. And then she realized the boy next to her was staring at her lap. More specifically, the hand pressed firmly between her thighs. Her face went even redder than it already was and she hesitantly removed her hand and focused back on her test, now switching positions every few seconds. Just a few more questions. That is all she had to do.

Another leak suddenly gushed out, soaking her panties and dampening the back of her skirt a bit. She let out a small, panicked whimper and quickly resumed pushing her hands in her thighs, then switched to more drastic measures and moved one hand carefully up her skirt, pushing directly into her peehole to stop the leak. She let out a shaky breath, hardly capable of holding on much longer. God, she was regretting that extra soda she had at lunch. And her gym class right after that-- It was boiling outside. She drank so much water. God if only she had gotten in line just a little sooner. She might have been able to pee. This wouldn't be an issue.

At this point she left her test alone, about 7/50 questions unanswered. It would be enough to get her a low D, Enough to keep her B in the class hopefully. A C at worst. She couldn't think right now. She had to go. She looked up at the clock, 20 minutes left. Another leak pushed its way out, spreading around her fingers and leaving the back of her skirt soaked. She raised her free hand, her body quivering, her legs twisted as much as they could. The teacher walked over. "I hope you have a good reason for disturbing class, young lady." She said furiously in a whispered tone. "M--Mam I-ii-I need t-t-to go."

"Go where?" She asked, clearly seeing her need and choosing to force her to explain herself. "T-t-t-to the r-r-restroom. P-pl-ah-please i--i-i c--cant--no--i cant wait anymore" She breathed desperately, hardly able to control her words. "So you're telling me you want to fail this class?"

"N--No mam--I--I finished my test--i just--i just need--i cant wait--Ah--To go!" She said, her rasping voice cracking as another leak gushed out. "Get a hold of yourself! You have 15 minutes left. You can wait. One more disruption and i'll dock your grade by one level." She threatened before walking away. She was now crying silently, shaking like a leaf as wave after wave of pure desperation washed over her. She doubted she could make it out the door even if the teacher had let her. But she had to try. She had to. She couldn't wet herself here. She was 18. She was about to graduate high school. No one would hire a baby that couldn't hold there pee in class. Of course, no employer would ever know, but her brain wasn't thinking logically right now. The boy suddenly leaned over a bit when the teacher wasn't looking and handed her his scrap paper. "Hey, you gonna be okay?" A hastily scribbled note sat in front of her. She could only shake her head no.

Another large leak gushed out, this time a few drips landed on the floor between her legs. Her skirt was ruined. Anyone could tell what happened. But leaking and having an accident were two different things. She had to just hold on til class was over. 5 more minutes. Then the class would empty, and the teacher would be the only one able to witness this mess. She hated the idea of wetting herself in front of anyone, let alone her teacher, but it was better than the whole class seeing. Suddenly the teacher stood up and walked to the front of the class. "Okay. Make note of any problems you had trouble on and pass your tests forward." The class did as they were told, passing the tests up.

"Alright, now lets go over a few. Okay.... Sarah, come up to the front please? You missed one of the questions on the end. If you can do it on the board i'll mark it right." She said calmly, apparently having a shift in mood now that the school day was almost over. Sarah's heart dropped. "I---I--I don't know h-how to do it." She said, just trying to keep the majority of the liquid in her bladder at this point. She had already leaked so much and she was still so full. She couldn't take a step. "Well step up to the board."

"Mam I--"

"NOW." She whimpered and stood up slowly, barely managing to keep control as she struggled to hide her backside. Everyone started giggling and whispering, some in concern and some just making fun of her. A few squirts escaped as she made her way to the board. "Now write down the problem." She said, handing her her test with multiple answers missing. She went for the easiest one. And made it half way though before everything just fell apart. Her bladder contracted and gave in, leaving her shoving her hands up her skirt again and falling to her knees in a sob as a puddle formed under her.

She felt so helpless. It felt so bad but--so good? Almost like an orgasm without the actual orgasm. But she had to stop-- It was too much. It just kept coming no matter how hard she struggled to make it stop. "No..No...Please god no...no..." She sobbed. "Wha-SARAH. WHAT THE FU--HECK ARE YOU DOING. STOP THIS INSTANT AND STAND UP." She streaked as the class irrupted in a mix of laughter and whispers. She sobbed and struggled to get control, succeeding after about 40 seconds.

She continued to sob and sit in the puddle, barely managing to keep control. Not that there was much point anymore. The teacher suddenly grabbed her arm and pulled her up. "Honestly are you a CHILD. I expected SO much more of you. You should be ASHAMED of yourself. Apologize! Now!" She yelled, barely able to keep herself from swearing, belittling her in her already fragile state. She struggled to get out an 'im sorry' between sobs before being dragged out of class.

"To the principals office. Immediately!" Sarah's legs trembled as she made her way down the hall, right as the bell rang. She panicked and quickly went to turn down the hall to the bathrooms before her teacher suddenly walked up behind her and grabbed her arm. "Class is out so i will be escorting you." She said sharply, dragging her to the office. Her still very full bladder contracted again and she leaked as she was being pulled, only able to sob openly as she walked down the hall, struggling to hide her face in her free hand as she was dragged. Everyone was staring, pointing, laughing, it was awful. She was pushed into the office before the teacher explained what happened and simply left with "I'll let you decide what to do with her."

((Maybe chapter two coming? I set it up for a part two but we'll see how this chapter is received ))

*002*2019-08-06 07:37

Thank you!^^ Glad you enjoy it so far!

