Aunts lesson

Author: theblackman24

*000*2017-12-28 00:21

When I was a teen their was a day I spent the night at my aunti house because my mom was out of town. It was late at night and she was sleep, I woke up at mid night Thirsty so I drank a glass of water, but I seen her wine bottle next to the water so I started drinking that to. As I was drinking her wine I was becoming very buzzed and I was playing video games. When the wine bottle was empty, I was very drunk so I passed out on the couch. I woke up a few hours later super hung over and my aunti was sitting next to me. She looked mad like I never seen before, and asked me what happen to my wine. I said what, wine and she said the bottle your head was sleeping on. I'm still drunk and hung over i said I dont know where that came from. She yelled at me for lieing and slapped me a few times. I was mad and crying because she skulled me like that, I started to walk to the bathroom because the alcohol was hitting my bladder hard and I wanted to be alone.

She asked me where are you going, I said I needed to use the bathroom and I wanted to be by my self. She said I locked the bathrooms when you where blacked out on my wine. I went to the bathroom and the door was locked, I went to the other bathroom it was locked. She knows my bladder is small and weak because my mom told her, I was born with it. My bladder was so full and hurting from the wine I went to her and started crying. I begged her to unlock the bathroom so I can go pee pee, I tried to negotiate with her and I said if I pee its going to ruin your floor. She said pee is not going to ruin hardwood floors, she said if Im going to unlock the bathrooms, I had to tell my mom what I did or go buy her a new wine bottle. I didnt want to tell my mom so I said I'll refill the wine bottles.

At this point I had to pee so bad I was holding myself and trying to walk to the liquor store while my aunt followed me. When I got to the store I was crying because I had to go so bad. I asked them if they could fill it with wine but they said no because I was under 21. I asked them if I could use the bathroom, they said yes, but my aunti said no and told me to walk back to the house. I was holding myself and crying, she asked me hows the alcohol you stole from me feel? I said I'm sorry and she you shouldnt steal or drink alcohol.

She put me in her car and said when we get home you can go to the bathroom. I felt like I could make it, but she stop at a crowed grocery store and made me get out the car. She said if I tell your mom she is going to be so mad you will be homeless and i believed her. When I was walking with her to the store I was holding myself crying and stumbling. When we got into the store my bladder started to contract hard and pee started spraying into my gray sweat pants. Their was a wet spot on my pants, my aunt saw me crying and i guess she felt public embarrassment was was not needed and felt sorry for me.

She told me to come clean about lying about drinking her wine and she would tell me where the bathroom is. I was in a highly populated area, Truth is I dranked her wine. I decided to lie and say I didnt drink her wine, she got pissed and yelled at me and said I saw you drink the bottle. I got defensive and tried to cover it up by saying your a blind idiot who just assumes things, ugh at that moment I instantly regretted it and said sorry. Her eyes had so much rage, she said im going to embarrass you and she said how dare you disrespect me and lie. She was so angry she said your going to respect woman after I humiliate you.

My bladder contracted hard that I sprayed into my pants again. I told my aunti, I was sorry how I acted, but she said to late I dont forgive you. my bladder contracted again and I lost control and I started peeing myself infront of huge group of people. I was crying and I was embarrassed as my pee came out. When my bladder emptied and my pee stopped, I was embarrassed humiliated and crying because i peed myself infront of crowd of people. My aunti said thats how a girl who loves you feel when you lie to her, straight up embarrassed.

