Halloween Prank

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-10-02 20:26

Note: This story does contain brief mention of messing, but I'll hide that part under a spoiler tag. If messing turns you off, then skip the spoilered part and say it didn't happen.

Halloween Prank

On October 29th, three girls who had recently graduated from college were going for a walk. Sunny had long blonde hair, Fiona had long brown hair, and Jenny had neck-length blonde hair.

"Well, we'd better get going," said Jenny. "Our movie's about to start." Jenny and Fiona were going to see a movie in theaters, one that Sunny wasn't very interested in.

"Fiona, how would you like me to decorate your front yard while you're gone?" Sunny asked.

"Ooh, that'd be cool," said Fiona.

"After I'm done that, I'll be going somewhere for a bit. But I'll be back on Halloween. We'll meet in your backyard at 6:00 PM."

"Sounds good to me. Have fun!"

"I will."

...

When Fiona and Jenny got back from the movie, they headed to Fiona's house. The front yard was now decorated with gravestones, Jack-O-Lanterns, an inflatable ghost, and a table with life-sized figures of a vampire, a werewolf, Frankenstein's monster, and a skeleton sitting on a bench.

"Wow, Sunny really did a good job," said Fiona.

"I wonder where she went off to?" said Jenny.

"I'm sure we'll find out on Halloween."

...

On October 30th, it rained hard from about 10:00 to 12:00, before the sun came back out. Every time Fiona went out she would admire her yard for a minute before going on her way.

Eventually, Halloween came. Fiona walked outside to her front yard at 5:50, and five minutes later, Jenny showed up.

"Where's Sunny?" Jenny asked.

"It's not 6:00 yet," said Fiona. "She should be here any minute."

They stood and waited. Minutes went by, but there was no sign of Sunny.

Then, just as the clock struck six, the werewolf suddenly jumped up and ran at Fiona and Jenny, waving its arms and howling.

Fiona and Jenny screamed at the top of their lungs, and Fiona felt her jeans grow warm and wet.

Then the werewolf started laughing and removed her mask. It was Sunny. Her watch was on top of her head with its alarm still going off for 6:00, which could not be heard under the mask. "Gotchya!" she said once she was done laughing.

"Hahaha, good one," said Jenny.

"You made me wet my pants!" said Fiona, blushing lightly and trying to sound annoyed, but she was just as amused as the others and laughed with them.

"I guess my trick worked if it scared you that hard," said Sunny.

"So, you've been sitting there for the past two days?" said Jenny.

"Yep," said Sunny. "You never suspected I was in there, did you?"

"Didn't you get bored?"

"Worth it!"

"Wasn't it hot in there?"

"I changed into my summer outfit before putting it on." Sunny's summer outfit was a black T-shirt and a tight pair of jean shorts.

"Didn't you get hungry?"

"I had a big pizza right before putting the costume on, and I also drank a large coffee and some energy drinks so I didn't get too tired, but I set the alarm just in case. I'm a little hungry now, but I'm fine."

"What did you do when you had to go to the bathroom?" Fiona asked with curiosity. She might not have thought of that if she hadn't peed in her jeans moments ago.

"I went in my costume," Sunny said unabashedly. Fiona and Jenny giggled.

(Flashback)

Not too long after she sat down in the werewolf costume, Sunny had to go to the bathroom. Bad. She nearly fidgeted, but stopped herself. Her plan required her to stay still at all times, until 6:00 on Halloween. So she'd just have to hold it if she could, without squirming at all. Which was easier said than done. Soon she really needed to go. She realized that there was no way she could hold it that long, and if she held it any longer she might fidget and blow her cover. So, without moving any other muscles, she blasted a power pee in her costume, wetting her shorts underneath. She couldn't help but sigh in relief, but there was no one close enough to hear her. She could hardly believe she was wetting herself deliberately, but it was so worth it, besides, she found it kind of funny, and the warm wetness combined with relief felt so good.

(End flashback)

"I was a bit worried that the wetness might show up on the costume and give me away, but either no one noticed or the costume was absorbent enough to hide it even after I peed the second time. Though, it didn't keep me from getting soaked in the rain."

"I hope that wasn't too unpleasant," said Jenny.

"Actually, it was kind of fun," said Sunny. "But now that that's done, I think it's time to go inside and wash up. I don't think the rain would have gotten me completely clean."

"I still can't believe you did that," said Fiona. "But, I guess we're both wet now, hehe."

Spoiler

Sunny started to walk, but was a little wobbly from sitting so long, so Fiona picked her up and carried her over her shoulder. As she did, she sniffed Sunny's rear end. "Phew! Did you poop your pants too?"

"Yeah, I did," said Sunny. "Something in that pizza gave me really bad diarrhea."

Fiona and Jenny giggled.

They entered Fiona's house, and Sunny took off her costume. Her smell quickly became noticeable. She hadn't washed for two days, and her shorts stank more than the rest of her.

"Phew! Yeah, you really need a shower," said Jenny. "And a change of shorts."

"No offense, but you really stink," said Fiona.

Sunny giggled. "I don't have a change, so I'll just shower as I am." She walked into the bathroom and showered in her T-shirt and shorts, while Fiona changed into a dry pair of pants and panties. Sunny emerged from the bathroom, clean and soaking wet, but she had dried herself enough so that she was no longer dripping. She didn't mind being wet, in fact she loved it. After supper, the girls sat on a couch and started watching horror movies, joking about whether they would pee their pants during scary scenes.

The End

