Lara's Tomb Desperation

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-07-21 21:41

There don't seem to be a lot of stories about Lara Croft from Tomb Raider on here so I thought I'd write one. Based on Legend, Anniversary, and Underworld Lara. I know the next Lara is a lot more popular but this Lara (and her outfits) is one I'm more likely to fantasize about.

Lara's Tomb Desperation

It had been a year since Lara Croft had defeated Natla, prevented Ragnarok, and found the truth about her mother. The damage to Croft Manor had been repaired, and all was as it was, other than Alister being gone.

Of course, Lara's adventures had not ended in Helheim. She would always continue to go on adventures, to search new tombs for hidden artifacts or treasures, and hopefully encounter many death traps along the way.

Lara was currently going through a big tomb in Nicaragua, full of the death traps and obstacles she so loved. She was wearing her Jungle Shorts outfit that she had worn to Coastal Thailand, a short, tight pair of athletic black shorts and a matching tank top baring some of her midriff.

She had just finished climbing up a set of ledges to another tunnel, when she felt that familiar urge. She had to go to the bathroom. This was not surprising. She had drank a large coffee, a cup of tea, and an energy drink before coming here, and she had not used the bathroom since.

But, for the moment, she ignored her bathroom needs and made her way through the tunnel. As she grappled across a spike pit, she felt her need grow more urgent. This only made it more exciting for her. Death traps were even more fun when she was trying to hold it in.

Then she made her way through a hall of swinging blades and crushers. There was nothing more fun than dodging these while needing to pee. Afterwards she swung across two horizontal poles, and grappled from there across another spike pit.

As she climbed up a series of pillars and ledges and shimmied across them, soon she really needed to go. As she jumped backwards from one pillar to the edge of a platform, she leaked a little, dampening her panties. By the time she climbed up to ground, she had a small wet spot on her shorts.

As Lara stood next to the next hallway, she considered her options. She could go right here. Or she could hold it for the next challenges. She decided to hold it a little while longer.

The next passage, a boulder came rolling after her. She had experienced this many times before. She ran, her heart pounding with excitement and adrenaline. By the time she was clear of the boulder, the wet spot on her shorts was a lot bigger.

"Are you holding it till the last second again?" Zip asked.

"It's more fun this way," said Lara.

She jumped across some perch poles. She had a hard time focusing on her bladder while keeping her balance, so she leaked a little more while jumping across them. At the end of this hall was a room where two jaguars attacked her. She shot them with her dual pistols, and once they were dead, she climbed up some ledges and pillars, up the tall room.

Soon, she reached a point where she would have to jump sideways, grapple along the wall, and jump backwards onto a ledge at the top of the room. At this point, she was about to burst. She wasn't sure she could hold it much longer. Her bladder was screaming for release, and she had already leaked several times. She knew there was no way she would make it if she made this jump now. Of course, she didn't have much options at this point.

Lara jumped, grappled across while running on the wall, and jumped backwards onto the ledge. There were a few ledges above her before the end of this obstacle course, but Lara ignored them for now. Her bladder had given out already and she was peeing full force. She sighed of immense relief as her stream soaked her shorts, passed through, and dripped down over the edge, splattering on the stone floor far below. She giggled lightly, for she enjoyed the sight of this, in addition to the warm, wet feeling of relief.

"I guess you couldn't hold it, could you?" said Zip.

"I got way too excited," said Lara unabashedly.

This was hardly Lara's first time wetting herself in a tomb. In fact, her first time was nearly a year before her search for the Scion. She had been wearing her Anniversary outfit and was at a tomb in Italy. She had to go to the bathroom really badly then. She tried to hold it, but after making her way through a hallway of crushers and climbing and shimmying across another set of ledges, she was sure she couldn't hold it much longer. Entering the next room, she told Zip and Alister "Look away until I say so," pulled her shorts down, and squatted down. Just as she started peeing, two wolves ran at her. Lara quickly pulled her shorts back up and killed the wolves.

After the fight was over, she noticed that she had not stopped peeing. At first, she sighed of dismay as she wet her shorts for the first time. But, as the pee flowed down her legs, she slowly realized that she found the warm, wet feeling rather pleasant. At the end of the day it was just a little pee, better than getting eaten by wolves. Besides, she had entered this tomb through an underwater passage so she would likely be swimming back out and getting wet with water anyway, which was always fun in itself.

Ever since then, every time Lara had to go to the bathroom inside a tomb, rather than pull her shorts down, she would pee in them. Not just to avoid being vulnerable when enemies attacked, but because she found it to be fun. She also rather enjoyed Zip and Alister's remarks whenever she wet herself, and would counter with a witty comment of her own. What pose she would wet in depended on what mood she was in. Sometimes she would pee while holding onto ledges, sometimes while walking and let it flow down her legs, sometimes she's squat or sit down while peeing and let her rear end get soaked, sometimes she'd hold it and involuntarily wet all the way while dodging death traps. Once she peed in the water to see what it felt like. She found it enjoyable but found peeing on land more fun.

During her quest for Mjolnir on Jan Mayen Island, she had been in desperate need of a bathroom upon entering the room where the hammer had smashed the path forward. She had held it while climbing back up to a spot where she could stand, her need to pee making this adventurous and somewhat tricky climb more exciting despite the urgency of her mission to get to Helheim. Once she was back on a solid stone platform, she squatted down and sighed of relief as steam emitted from her snowpants along with a hissing noise. She enjoyed the warmth that this provided, as well, though not as much as when she had peed her snowpants in Nepal after accidentally falling into icy water. She then proceeded to go through the rest of the area in her wet snowpants.

When Lara finished peeing, the crotch and butt of her shorts were very soggy. She climbed up the rest of the ledges and up the door and continued the tomb in her wet shorts. It was funny, whenever she would get wet with water, she would usually dry off within a minute, but the pee wouldn't dry so fast. Not that she minded. She liked having wet shorts, water or pee.

There weren't any swimming sections of this tomb yet, which was a bit of a disappointment, but she could at least enjoy her pee-soaked shorts longer.

Eventually, she found the artifact she was looking for. As she took it, the room started to collapse, but Lara dove into a pool of water, pulled an underwater lever, and swam through a tunnel, the water draining into the first room. Lara exited the tomb, soaking wet, but as usual dried off in about a minute. You couldn't tell that she had wet herself, although if one were to sniff her shorts closely, they might be able to pick up a pee smell. Not that Lara minded if anyone did notice. She made her way back to return to England.

