Desperate Gaming

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-04-19 22:06

Here's a story I came up with. Initially it was an EqG fanfic, but so few people here are interested in that so I changed Sunset Shimmer into an OC named Sunny who we can imagine in live-action if we wanted to. She's really attractive, about 20 years old, and she's got long blonde hair. The original also had a fart scene but I removed it since that doesn't seem to be popular here either. 

Note: If anyone who hates omo stumbles upon this through Google, please don't let this ruin the game "Breath of the Wild" (which she's playing) for you. I just chose it cause it's the most addicting game I can think of. If anyone on this site likes the game, hopefully it'll add extra appeal. 

Also, if it doesn't get a lot of upvotes or positive replies, this will definitely be the last story I post on the forums here, and I might even delete it. 

Desperate Gaming 

Sunny was very excited as she ran home. She had had a great time at the picnic with her friends earlier today, having drank a lot of soda and water due to the summer heat. But she also had fun playing her new game, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. She had just started yesterday and was having a lot of fun with it. 

She was wearing a teal tank top and a tight pair of jeans, with skintight black boyshort panties underneath. 

As soon as Sunny got home, she put together a salad for supper. She wolfed it down really fast, washed it down with a big glass of water, for she was hot and sweaty from running home, and then she ran to her TV, turned her Switch on, and sat on her bed. 

She resumed her game. Link wasn't wearing any armor; Sunny preferred to play him that way because she had a bit of a crush on Link and found him hotter like this, though if she was fighting some tough enemies she would equip armor for defense. Sunny continued to travel across the world map, completing any shrines that she could, before eventually making her way to Lanayru Tower, encountering a Zora along the way who mentioned that Prince Sidon was looking for Link. She found it rather fun climbing Lanayru Tower, and it didn't take her long to get to the top and activate it. 

She saw a shrine really close by, and Paraglided to it. The Soh Kofi Shrine's challenge was A Minor Test of Strength. Sunny defeated the Guardian Scout easily, claimed her prizes, and exited the shrine. She picked up a Hearty Radish and talked to a Zora, who told her Sidon was waiting for her on Inogo Bridge. Sunny Paraglided down to the bridge, where a cutscene played introducing Sidon. Sunny found him rather attractive as well, and decided to follow him right away. 

As she made her way down the path to Zora's Domain, she killed any Lizalfos or Octoroks she ran into. She eventually reached Zora's Domain, and quickly made her way to the Ne'ez Yohma Shrine so she could warp there whenever she wanted, enjoying the pinball-esque challenge. Then she talked to King Zora, saw Ruta's introduction, and then went back to the courtyard to convince Muzu to give the location of Shock Arrows. 

It was then that Sunny felt an urge to pee. She had drank a lot, but she was sure she could hold it, it wasn't that bad, and she wanted to beat this Divine Beast. 

After viewing Link's memory of Mipha and finally convincing Muzu with Zora Armor (though still not putting pants on Link), Sunny made her way to the waterfall and swam up it. She eventually reached Shatterback Point, and was quickly noticed by the Lynel. It killed her pretty quickly, but she continued to fight it after respawning, getting more used to its attacks, though her bladder was slowly filling up making it harder for her to concentrate. On her fourth try, she killed the Lynel, though it took several weapons and a few attack-enhancing foods to do it. 

Having marked some weapons at other locations on the Map, Sunny quickly traveled to these points to replenish her weapon supply, then returned to Shatterback Point by warping to the Zora's Domain shrine and swimming back up the waterfall. She then collected Shock Arrows, until she had enough, and Paraglided over to the Reservoir. She was feeling a little nervous about facing the Divine Beast with a rapidly filling bladder, but she was confident that after that Lynel she could handle anything. Though she nearly wet herself with excitement on realizing she would be riding on Sidon's back for the battle. 

Sunny had a pretty strong bladder, so she was able to focus on stopping Ruta's ice attacks and shooting its weak points with Shock Arrows. The water made her more uncomfortable, but she beat Ruta rather quickly and boarded it. 

It did not take Sunny long to figure the dungeon out, although she might have completed it faster if her need to pee wasn't becoming more intense by the minute, and all the water certainly wasn't helping. Ruta's trunk in particular reminded her of the stream that was sure to come out of her eventually. 

Soon, she activated the fifth terminal. "All right, once I'm done this divine beast, I'll stop and go to the bathroom." 

Heeding Mipha's warning to not let her guard down, Sunny made her way to the central terminal. As expected, a boss appeared - Waterblight Ganon. If not for Mipha's warning she might have been startled into wetting herself when he appeared. Due to her desperation, Sunny dodged his attacks too early, groaning with frustration each time. She needed to beat this guy FAST or she might have an accident. 

Finally, she was able to Flurry Rush him, and attacked him with her most powerful weapon. Then she tried to backflip his next attack, but with a little more attention on her bladder she did not fully realize, until it was too late, that Waterblight Ganon was raising his weapon instead of swinging it back. Waterblight Ganon hit Sunny and killed her. 

"AAAAARRRRRRGGGGH!" Sunny fidgeted waiting for the screen to load. When it did, Sunny fought Waterblight Ganon again, going as fast as she could but trying to remember to time her Flurry Rushes right. Soon, the second phase began, and Sunny crossed her legs tight as the room filled with water. 

The battle was agonizing, but Sunny didn't die again. She defeated Waterblight Ganon, took her Heart Container, and watched the cutscene. She could have used the bathroom here, but she wanted to see the awesome cutscene of Ruta taking aim at Ganon. She fidgeted during the entire cutscene, telling herself she'd use the bathroom after it was over. 

As soon as she was warped back to Zora's Domain, her map told her to talk to King Zora. She decided just doing this couldn't hurt, so she talked to him and got Mipha's Lightscale Trident. 

Finally, it was time to pause the game and get her much-needed relief. 

But wait... Sunny had noticed a shrine in the distance when she was Paragliding to the Soh Kofi Shrine. So, pausing to remove Link's Zora armor, she warped to Lanayru Tower and Paraglided past the Soh Kofi Shrine. As she made her way towards the orange light in the distance, she fidgeted harder, wishing she could run or Paraglide faster. 

"I am definitely going to the bathroom after this shrine." 

She finally reached the Mo'a Keet Shrine and did the challenge. It was a fairly simple one, Metal Makes A Path. All she had to do was use Magnesis on a metal boulder and use it to block the boulders rolling down the ramp leading to the Spirit Orb. 

Once she was out, she decided to make sure the Foothill Stable was marked on the map. Then, noticing Eldin Tower, she decided to climb it, THEN use the bathroom. 

She climbed quite a bit up the rocky slopes of Death Mountain, and each time she climbed she groaned and fidgeted harder. Climbing was so slow, and it REALLY didn't help her situation. At least she had her Climber's Bandana to speed it up - she'd always leave this on. 

After another long and uncomfortable tower climb, she activated Eldin Tower. Now, she should probably use the bathroom before she couldn't hold it anymore. 

Except... she noticed a shrine in view from Eldin Tower. Without hesitation, she Paraglided to it, fidgeting harder the entire time. 

As she activated and entered the Ze Kasho Shrine, during the loading screen she lay with her head down and her rear end in the air, kicking her legs because she needed to pee really badly. 

The first two rooms of the Ze Kasho Apparatus were easy, but for the third, Sunny had to tilt a board to get all three balls on switches. Normally, Sunny wasn't very bad at this thing, but the intense pressure in her bladder made this very difficult for her. Every time she got a ball on a switch, another ball would fall off it. Sunny screamed in frustration and started frantically tilting the board. She eventually realized this wasn't doing any good, so she tried to calm down. She sat with her legs crossed VERY tightly, trying to focus on the challenge. After a few tries, she finally got the balls on the switches, and got the Spirit Orb. 

As she was exiting the shrine, the loading screen was on, and she decided she'd go to the bathroom right now. But a second later, she scratched that idea - she might be attacked by a Keese or some Stalchildren if it was night. 

As soon as Sunny was on land, she looked over at Akkala Tower. She knew she should really use the bathroom now, but she couldn't resist getting another tower to unlock more of the map. 

She reached the citadel, but ran into a flying Guardian. She knew there was no way she could time a shield attack correctly, so she just sprinted past the Guardian, but it shot her with a projectile and killed her. Sunny groaned in frustration. She respawned, and tried running past the Guardian repeatedly, but it kept killing her. 

"AAAAAAAAGH! STOP IT! I REALLY HAVE TO GO!" 

She knew she could have paused at any time and addressed her needs, but she couldn't stop playing. She decided to try a different approach and climb the walls, avoiding the Guardian. She successfully reached Akkala Tower, but it was surrounded by Malice. Sunny groaned. This was looking to be a hard tower to climb. 

She searched the area before finding an eye. She shot it with an arrow, releasing a small metal plank. Knowing this was significant, she picked it up with Magnesis. 

Normally she would have figured this out easily, but her full bladder made it hard to focus. After about ten minutes, she eventually found the spot to cross to the tower over the plank, and climbed it, activating the tower. 

She really needed to go. She almost decided to make a break for the bathroom while it showed the tower activating. But she remembered Link had been taking damage from the cold for the last of the climb. If she got back too late, she'd probably freeze to death. 

So, she squirmed, fidgeted, and kicked her legs frantically until the tower sequence was done. But when it showed the map, she noticed a labyrinth-looking building in the top right hand corner. She couldn't resist checking it out. 

It looked quite a distance away, so first she teleported back to Ze Kasho Shrine to stop by South Akkala Stable to pick up a horse she had registered yesterday. She had named it Twilight, after her favorite pony from My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. She rode her horse towards the corner of the map as fast as she could, fidgeting and crossing her legs with a pained expression on her face. 

She stopped at the Katosa Aug Shrine along the way. She groaned when she saw it was another Apparatus challenge, but to her relief, it was just one challenge of hitting a ball into a hole with a giant hammer. Essentially, just a round of mini golf. It took her a few tries due to her extreme desperation but she got it in, and quickly got her Spirit Orb. Then she rode Twilight back towards the corner. 

Sunny found Robbie's lab, but she wasn't in the mood to look for the blue flame. She wanted to see what was in this labyrinth. She looked over a cliff and found it. Taking a deep breath, she Paraglided to it, not sure whether she would make it - both for the flight and for her desperate need of a bathroom. The flight took so long, and while Sunny had to keep her finger on the control stick, she squirmed harder, crossing her legs and sweating a little. 

"This time, I WILL take a bathroom break once I'm done here!" She knew she needed relief fast or else she'd have to change her pants really soon. 

As soon as she landed, a voice said to find the shrine inside the labyrinth. 

First, she got clear of a Guardian in a tunnel at the right side of the entrance, avoiding Guardians. She needed to pee so badly she decided to just climb to the top. She feared the wall would not be climbable, but quickly found that it was. She was about a quarter of the way up when it started to rain, causing her to slip and fall to the ground. 

"REALLY not a good time for rain!" said Sunny. Not only did it keep her from climbing, but it made her pee desperation worse, and she had a harder time holding it. 

So, she explored the labyrinth on ground level, searching for the shrine. As she did, she was close to bursting point. Her bladder was overflowing past any level of desperation she had ever known. This time, she really would stop after the shrine no matter what else. She knew she could just pause, but she really wanted to find this shrine, and just couldn't stop playing. 

After just over ten minutes, she leaked a little, dampening her jeans. She whimpered, and almost wanted to pause right there, but she felt if she did stop for a bathroom break before finding the shrine, the labyrintyh would have defeated her. So, against her better judgment, she continued searching for the shrine, fidgeting hard with her legs crossed. 

She leaked a few more times, and eventually made her way to the left side of the map. She kept searching, but couldn't find anything leading to the shrine. 

"WHERE ARE YOU?" said Sunny. "I'm about to wet my pants!" 

She leaked again, causing the wet spot to get even bigger. And then, less than a minute later, her overflowing bladder finally gave out. A warm stream of pee burst out of her, flooding her boyshorts in seconds and spraying against her jeans with a loud hiss. Sunny froze as she felt the warm wetness soak her crotch and butt, the sound and smell of her pee very noticeable. The blanket around her was starting to get wet, and she was sure her mattress would take some damage as well. 

After about thirty seconds of peeing, she decided that there was nothing keeping her from finishing the labyrinth, and continued playing, even though she was still peeing. 

Sunny peed for just over two minutes, sighing in immense relief once she was done. She had needed to go really badly and held it for hours. About four minutes later, she found the shrine. After claiming her Spirit Orb, she was about to get up and use the bathroom, when she remembered. "Oh, right. I just went." So she continued playing in her wet pants. 

She got several more shrines in the Akkala region, getting more stamina and hearts for Link. She found Korok Forest, though it took her a while to figure out how to navigate it. She also bought some Fireproof Elixirs from Gaile at the Foothill Stable and beat Divine Beast Rudania, finding the "battle" with Rudania annoying, and thankful she hadn't done this part when she was desperate. Not that it made a difference, since she ended up peeing herself anyway. 

She played for hours and hours, though she did pause to drink some water bottles. She needed to pee a few more times, so she just went in her pants. They were already wet, so she couldn't damage them any further. 

At about 1:00 in the morning, she finally got tired and shut the game down. She looked at the wet spot on her bed, and down at her wet pants, and laughed at herself a little. It was kind of silly how she kept playing while desperate and didn't just pause and go to the bathroom. It shouldn't have been that hard. 

Because of the wet spot on her bed, she slept in her wet pants that night. The following morning, she thought she wet the bed, but between her usual need to pee and her pants being damp, and the damp spot on the bed being clear of her nether regions, she knew this wasn't the case, and remembered what had happened. She took her morning pee in her pants, then showered, changed into a clean pair of jeans and a white T-shirt, and put her pee-soaked outfit and sheets in the washing machine, hoping her mattress would dry soon, though it would be stained. 

When she met up with her friends, she sheepishly told them what had happened last night, and they all shared a laugh, Sunny laughing right along with them, for she found it funny as well. Her friends would tease her lightly for this but it was all in good nature and she didn't mind, and she knew they still liked her. 

She took greater care to pause her game for bathroom breaks in the future. 

*002*2019-04-20 00:43

{{4 minutes ago, Melificentfan said: 

That was fantastic I really liked it 

}}

Thank you, looks like I'm at least still able to write good enough for you. 

*005*2019-04-20 01:05

It's just I don't think posting them serves any useful purpose if no one wants to read them. I know two users do but they love everything I write, I could just PM them to them 

*007*2019-04-20 01:13

{{6 minutes ago, RagingPython said: 

I see nothing wrong with that. But then how will you increase your reader base? 

}}

I've posted many stories here before, only one of them was really popular. I'm just a terrible writer. At least here people are too polite to say it. 

*009*2019-04-20 02:13

{{55 minutes ago, RagingPython said: 

I wouldn’t say you were a terrible writer. I’m reknowned amonst everyone who knows me on all my other web accounts and in person as not caring at all about other people and being perfectly happy to say things as they are. 

I didn’t really find your story that hot as I like stories like the ones I write. But, I thought the story itself worked pretty well as I’ve seen a lot of similar stories get good reception. I thought it was dragged out a bit, with Sunny constantly deciding to do something else before peeing, but it worked for a while and was kinda relatable. I quite often spend hours and hours playing a game, even if I need the bathroom, I just think: “I’ll just built one more shipping route.” or “After this level ends.”, something like that, and then before I know it it’s been an hour. 

I think most people would probably enjoy this one, and although I haven’t read your others I doubt they are that bad. 

}}

I just thought it would be more enjoyable if it was dragged out for longer, because a big criticism I got on fimfiction from people with the fetishes was not being detailed enough and feeling kind of rushed. 

On fimfiction, people with the fetishes have said they were unable to get a boner from my stories, or anywhere close to it. 

But thank you for saying most people would probably enjoy this one, even though there's barely been any reception to it as usual. Only the romper story seems to be popular because it was refreshing in her laughing her accident off rather than being humiliated by it. I've tried to go for that a bit more, but I guess there's only so many times I can do something and have it still be fun. 

*012*2019-04-20 06:44

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said: 

Dark Wolf if the people on firmfiction is giving you that much shit then stop posting fetish stories on it I have read all of your stories on here and I have loved each and every one of them do not let anyone get you down just cause they can't get a boner from your stories or that kind of shit cause you are a great writer don't let those haters bring you down 

}}

I really appreciate that, just every time they say my stories are really low quality and such, I believe it cause I'm not very confident. My fetish shyness might have a bit to do with that too. I just want to satisfy people with these fetishes and apparently I can for a few of them, but not most. 

*016*2019-04-20 23:12

{{3 hours ago, Pee-Pants1995 said: 

You cut that nonsense out right now... You are not a terrible writer. If anything your just as skilled a writer as anyone else on this site or any other for that matter and every author has their own unique writing style, no matter what you write there will be haters and critics but you've just got to over look them and focus on the good stuff, of course constructive criticism is always good but anything harsh or underminding is never okay and should be ignored. 

}}

Thank you, and it's good to hear from you again. 

*018*2019-04-21 16:17

{{8 hours ago, Pee-Pants1995 said: 

Hey I'm going no where anytime soon 

}}

That's good. I was really worried you weren't talking to me anymore when you stopped responding to my PM's 

*021*2023-03-31 18:24

I got a downvote. Should I delete this? 
