Fay and The Play

Author: The Shark

*000*2017-12-15 20:36

It was a normal morning for the all but average Fay. She awoke form he sleep, groggy and still slightly tired. She got herself up out of her bed and looked in the mirror. She was tall, skinny but has her assets. A nice pair of tits, a shapely ass, the boys always stared as her when she walked by. She was in her mid-twenties but looked like she was still in college, hot, sexy, and ready for the world. She felt a twinge in her bladder and threw on a pink bathrobe to go and make her way to the bathroom.

As she arrived she heard the shower running strong. She tensed her legs up and knocked on the door. She could hear her father singing loudly in the shower. She still lived at home. When she finished college, she found a job right near her house in a small startup manufacturing company. It just made sense for her to live at home till she saved up the money to buy a house. She squirmed a little. Fay had a pretty good bladder, but she normally always had a morning pee. She decided to get dressed. She had a doctor’s appointment she couldn’t miss and wouldn’t want to be later.

Back at her room, Fay threw on a matching blue lace bra and thong for underwear, a simple pair of tight blue jeans, a white tee shirt and hoodie, and black brown boots. She slicked her hair back into a pony tail like she normally did, and glanced at the clock. “Shit!” She said, realizing it was almost time for her appointment. She grabbed her keys and her purse and started down through the house. The shower was still going and made her bladder twinge. “I guess I can just pee at the doctor’s office…” She murmured. As she made her way to leave, her mother yelled out to her. “Don’t forget about your brothers play today after work!”.

“I wont mom!” Fay yelled back, remembering the commitment she made a few nights ago to her little brother. She didn’t even really remember what the play was about, only that it was some mythical fairytale about water and apples. Sleeping beauty? Fay pondered all of this as she got in her car and drove to her doctor’s appointment

After a non-eventful 20 min drive Fay arrived at her doctors. It was supposed to be a routine checkup, but after a few women around the country started exploding after bursting their bladders, women all over the country were getting blood tests to see if they had the mysterious condition. Fay didn’t want to take the chance she had it. She was certain it wouldn’t ever happen to her though. She was good at holding her pee and hadn’t wet herself since she was a child.

As she walked into the doctor’s office and signed in, she glanced to the waiting room toilet and sighed. There was a sign on the door saying, “Out of order”.

“Any idea when the bathrooms will be back up?” Fay asked the receptionist. “N-No… We… We called the plumber hours ago. I guess everyone’s having p-pluming problems.” The receptionist said, a quiver in her voice. Fay felt bad for the girl. She watched as the receptionist crossed her legs and jiggled in place as she scanned Fays insurance card in. “You’re good!” She said to Fay, still squirming in her seat. Fay thanked her and went to sit. “God, I hope I don’t end up like her” she thought to herself.

Eventually her name was called. Nobody else was in the waiting room, but it sure took them a while to get to her. The doctor called her back and sat with her. “Sooo your vitals are fine. Your looking pretty good if I do say so myself. Anything else I can do for you?” The doctor questioned. “Um. Do you think I could get blood work done for that bladder explosion thing? I just wanna be sure…” Fay said quivering a little. She never really liked doctors, and asking for tests wasn’t what she was used to, but she was paranoid.

“Ah yes… the bladder explosion syndrome. Sure, Ill take a blood sample.” The doctor, a slim handsome man, came up and started prepping her arm. He took a fresh needle and poked her with it. Fay looked away, but felt the cold metal poke into her arm. Her bladder twinged again, noticeably fuller than last time. The doctor finished taking her blood and nodded to her. “Ill send this off to my labs and have a nurse call you with the results later. “Sounds good to me.” Fay said with a smile, and hopped off the doctors table.

“Thank you so much.” Fay said and walked out, the doctor glancing at her ass as she left.

As Fay left the doctors office, she said goodbye the receptionist. The receptionist seemed very happy now and said “Bye! Cya later!” and seemed to be moaning a bit. Fay swore she heard a light hiss but couldn’t really tell. Still, Fay went to her car and glanced at her phone. “Crap. That took longer than I thought” she said. She hopped in her car and took off towards her job. Shed be late if she didn’t get there soon.

After another uneventful 20-minute drive, Fay arrived at her job. It was a small factory near her home. The company she worked for made bracelets and had reconditioned the factory to be more of a crafting studio. Fay rushed in and clocked on just in time for her shift. “Fay, coming in just on time huh?” Her boss came around the corner with a cup of coffee in her hand. She was a curvy Latina woman, very sweet but could ensue wrath if pushed too far. And she hated when people were late. “Sorry boss, had a doctor’s appointment…” Fay said, putting her head down a bit. She started walking to her desk when her boss pushed the coffee cup into her hands. “Well you look like you might need this. You seem a bit tired. Fay didn’t want to be rude or upset her boss so she took the cup, thanked her boss, and went to work.

Her job was mindless. She beaded bracelets, packed them, tagged them, and repeated. It was simple work, but for a girl with a literal degree in crafting, it worked. She was a pro at this stuff and she loved it. She got lost in her work and always daydreamed of having her own studio one day. This helped pass multiple hour shifts very quickly. As she sat, beading bracelets and packaging the, she sipped away at her coffee. Sitting on her barstool like seat, she kind of forgot about her bladder. She still felt a fullness down there, but not a need. She continued like this for hours, not even having to get up because of her boss continually feeding her coffee and snacks. Her boss wasn’t intentionally filling her up, just trying to be nice to her workers, but with Fays constant drinking, it would have unintentional consequences.

Fay finished up her long shift at her job. She got up from her stool and groaned. It all came rushing downward. A flood was boiling in her bladder. “Oh fuck” she mouthed and doubled over, her legs pushing together. She looked towards the work bathroom and started briskly walking towards it. As she got there she tried the knob and knocked. “Occupied” came the sexy accent of her boss. “Fuck” Fay cursed as she walked away. There was no way she was gunna tell her boss to hurry up. Just them she received a phone call. It was her mother. “Where are you! The play is going to be starting soon!” Fay had completely forgotten. “Uh sorry mom. Got caught up at wor-“ Her bladder spasmed. She crossed her legs and bent over. She really had to pee now. “Work. Yeah. Sorry. I’m on my way” Fay quickly hung up and walked out of her job, clocking out on the way out.

Fay drove over to her brother’s elementary school quickly, her bladder starting to burn with need. Fay couldn’t remember a time where she had to go this bad. She squirmed as she drove and pulled into a parking spot. She shuffled her way into the school and glanced at the bathrooms, but realized the play was going to be starting soon if it hadn’t already. She rushed into the auditorium.

Her mother was waiting for her, a seat next to her empty. Fay made her way to her and sat, squirming in her seat. “God, I need to pee…” she thought to herself. “You just made it!” Her mother cheered. Fay couldn’t admit to her mother she needed to pee. It would be so childish. “Y-Yeah…” Fay replied, a shake in her voice. “God I’m bursting… I can’t have an accident… right?” Fay squirmed some more, a hand hovering near her crotch.

Just then her phone started ringing. “Hey! Silence that” her mom squealed. Fay quickly silenced her phone and noticed the call was from her doctor’s office. A couple seconds later her phone buzzed. They had left a voicemail for her. Fay, eager to hear the news, pulled up her voicemails voice to text option and read the news. She gasped as she read her diagnosis. Explosive Bladder syndrome. “Oh God…” She said under her breath. If she burst, she would literally burst! Fays anxiety rose. She needed to go pee now. She tried to excuse herself. “Mom I need to-“she said getting up, but her mother pulled her down.

“Not now! The play is starting. Fay sat, cross legged, a hand in her cotch. “Oh no. I gotta go really badly!!!” She mouthed as the play started. There was a kid center stage with an apple over a bubbling water chamber pot. Fay gasped as she saw him dunking the apple in the water multiple times. After that came the water falls behind him. It was a play all about waterworks and the mystical properties of water. “Oh god no…” Fay cried as she shoved another hand to her crotch. Her bladder was unbelievably full. She was doubting if she could hold it any longer.

Just then the kid with the apple slipped and fell on some of the water on stage. They quickly closed the curtains and called for a short intermission. “Thank god! Fuck I’m gunna piss myself.” Fay said aloud. She blushed as she realized what she had said, and rushed to the exit to find a bathroom.

As she found the school toilet she gasped. There was a massive line of bursting ladies. Moms, teens, college girls, all of them bursting to piss. And she was one too. She stood in line, holding herself for deer life. She feels a spurt flow into her panties. “Oh no. Its coming!” She shrieks. She’s trembling now, sweating massively under the pressure to pee. She runs up and tried to cut in line. “Please! Let me go! I’m about to piss myself!” She cries desperately, another spurt jetting into her panties. “Hell no! Get out of here!” a lady says as Fay tried to push her way to the front. Multiple bursting women shove her back and eventually shove her outside the bathroom. “Oh no! I… I can’t… I…!!!!” Fay gasped as she finally couldn’t hold it anymore.

Piss gushed from her pussy, jetting all over her crotch and legs. She pissed forcefully, a stream pushing through her pants and down her legs as she trembled against the bathroom door. She peed and peed all over herself as she cried. “Why me…” she said as piss dripped out of her. Then she felt it. A bubbling in her bladder. “Oh god… Not this… Not like this!” She said as her bladder exploded, fire balls and electric sparks rocketing from her a she fainted in the hallway.

Fay was rushed to mercy hospital for observation right after. Another sad case of Bladder Explosion Syndrome to add to the books. The disease was sweeping the nation and causing terror wherever it went, seeking out bursting bladders wherever they were.

ALTERNATE ENDING:

Fay stood in line, a spurt leaking into her panties. “Oh god I don’t know if I can hold it all in!!!” She squirmed and held herself. She unbuttoned her jeans and shoved a hand into her panties to hold her pee hole directly. “Fuck fuck fuck!” She cried, jiggling up and down and holding herself. Finally she got to the front of the line. “Please hurry!” She cried out. The stall door opened revealing a college aged girl in a pair of gray leggings with a wet patch on her crotch, tears streaming down her face. Fay tried to rush in, but a middle-aged woman pushed past her into the stall, shoving Fay to the side! She gasped. “Hey!”.

“Sorry lady Im burstin” the lady said in a southern accent. Fay felt defeated. She tried to get back to her spot in line, but the women wouldn’t let her in. “Fuck! I can’t hold this!!!” She cried and ran out of the bathroom, trying to find another place to pee! She rushed out and glanced at the mens room to find a line out the door. She looked down the hallway to find another female restroom with a line out the door.

“How many people have to pee!!! Oh no!!!” She yelled, grabbing herself as hard as she could and crossing her legs. She had her back to the wall, leaning against it, her head straight up as it happened. She couldn’t hold it anymore. Piss rocketed from her pussy, jetting down her legs and soaking her panties and jeans as it poured all over her and the floor. She moaned in ecstasy as she released a whole days’ worth of pent up piss. She sighed as she finished, the hot piss cooling off on her legs leaving her slightly clammy. Wait. She didn’t explode. “Wha… Im fine?” she thought. The thought she was done for. Then she looked up.

All the men In line were laughing at her, their phones out taking pictures and recording the poor blond girl pissing herself. Granted some of them were doing a pee pee dance of their own but they found it hilarious when a hot and sexy blond chick wet herself too. She blushed hard and rushed away from them, completely and utterly embarrassed. As she got to her car she checked her phone and checked the voicemail again. As she listened she heard the nurse say “We have your test results back. Your Bladder Explosion Syndrome came back negative. Yay for you.” Wait what!? Fay checked her phone voice to text. It must have read negative to mean positive somehow. Fay sighed. She may have pissed herself, but at least she didn’t explode. What she was truly worried about now, was the pictures and videos about to floor to the internet, humiliating her for days. Fay started to sob, knowing this may even be the end of her career.

*003*2017-12-16 00:59

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

That was so very good

}}

{{3 hours ago, Brown&yellow said:

This was a pretty good read

}}

Thank you so much! :D This means a lot. Ill continue to work and post new stuff as it comes up. :3

