Blaze's Desperate Adventure

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-06-16 01:24

I based this off someone's fantasy I read on a request thread, and I hope it can satisfy him.

This is a Sonic the Hedgehog fanfic, although it borrows elements from Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games. Probably not my best work, I'm not too good at the adventure-themed ones.

Blaze's Desperate Adventure

Blaze had just run a long race at a stadium on a massive island about the size of West Side Island. She won the race by a landslide. Exhausted and panting, she drank about twenty bottles of water. She was currently wearing an exercise outfit, consisting of a short purple dress and long, black, skintight shorts underneath. (This is her Aquatics outfit in Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games)

There were eight racers each race, and sixteen racers total. The winners of each race would face each other in the finals. Blaze sat on the sidelines, watching a badger win the race. Once the badger had time to rest, Blaze raced him and won. She drank about ten more bottles of water afterwards.

After being presented with her trophy, Blaze felt a sudden urge to pee. She had drank a lot of water. So she walked toward the stadium bathroom.

Suddenly, there was a series of explosions, and the stadium - including its bathroom - was reduced to rubble.

Doctor Eggman Nega flew over with his Eggmobile.

"Hee hee hee! I'm taking over this island now!"

"Don't count on it!" said Blaze.

"Drat! Blaze is here? I'd better run!"

Nega flew away. Blaze ran after him. She was a ways away from the ruined stadium when she realized she still had to pee. If she could find a bathroom or outhouse on the way there, she could spare some time to use it. Until then, she used it as motivation to run faster.

She ran through a grassland, running across loops and destroying robots (think the classic Sonic games). As she ran, her need to pee became greater.

Eventually, Nega got into a mecha and attacked Blaze. She defeated him easily, though it was a little harder than usual because of her extreme need to pee.

Nega flew away, and Blaze followed him into a desert. The dryness of the desert offered her some comfort, though she still had to pee really badly.

After defeating Nega again, Blaze entered a zone that was the exact opposite of the previous one: A cavern with waterfalls. The sound of running water was torture for her, and she could feel herself leak into her shorts. She hoped this would be one of those zones where she would have to go underwater, then she'd be soaked and could pee in the water or even out of it, and no one would ever be able to tell.

However, there was not a single underwater part of the path, and wherever the waterfalls were flowing was way down. As she ran, she could feel the pee sloshing around inside her and knew she couldn't last much longer.

She fought Nega again in a room surrounded by waterfalls. By now Blaze REALLY needed to go. She jumped up and attacked Nega's cockpit, but then another spurt caused her to put both hands on her crotch. Nega quickly shot a missile at Blaze, knocking her on her butt.

Blaze felt her shorts grow warm and wet as she began peeing full force. She desperately tried to stop, but it was no use. Blaze, the princess of her home dimension, the fiercest warrior of the land, was wetting herself. She blushed beet red with embarrassment.

"Hee hee hee!" Nega teased. "Did Blaze wet herself?"

Blaze stood up, still peeing, and now furious. She jumped up and, in a flurry of flaming strikes, demolished Nega's mecha. Nega looked as though he was about to wet himself - but he didn't - as he flew away.

Blaze had hoped her flaming attacks would dry her off, but they didn't. Her shorts were soaked and smelled of pee, and she wouldn't be able to change out of them until Nega was defeated. She sat in her wet shorts hanging her head in shame for about five minutes. Her only hope was that she could find somewhere to go for a swim and wash off, or else a volcanic area that would dry her off.

She pulled herself together and ran into the next zone, which was a marble cave. As she ran, she felt a sense of relief that she didn't have to go anymore, though she still felt humiliated and disliked the feeling of her pee-soaked shorts. She would much prefer to be completely soaked with water, as she often would be on her journeys.

Though, deep down a part of her did like the naughty thrill of it, but she brushed it off.

She defeated Nega again after he teased her about her accident again. The next zone was a casino, during which Blaze got lost and confused quite often. She was about halfway through the second part of it when she had to pee again - it was time for the second wave, and there was a lot left over!

After another somewhat difficult fight with Nega, Blaze entered a forest. Her need to pee grew greater. Her shorts were still wet but she didn't want to pee herself twice in one day. That would be even more undignified.

Blaze barely defeated Nega again and rode an elevator to Nega's fortress. As she ran, she could feel the pressure increasing, the waves of pee sloshing around.

She reached Nega, who flipped a switch, and the walls of the room disappeared as the floor rose high up into the air. Blaze cringed. She was afraid of heights, and they were now really high up. She leaked a little into her already-wet shorts for about five seconds.

Nega got into a giant mecha, and fought Blaze. Blaze fought hard, determined to not have another accident, and was too much for Nega, destroying his mecha. Nega flew away swearing revenge, and his platform began to fall. Blaze held onto it, wetting herself again during the fall. She finished peeing just as the platform was close to the ground, and jumped off. The platform hit the ground next to her with a loud KLUNK. Blaze lay on the ground, panting, and feeling ashamed that she had peed herself again.

She looked around. She was still in the forest, with no pools of water in sight. She sighed, and made her way back to the stadium ruins.

After a long journey, she finally reached the beach. The anthros walked up to her and asked if she had defeated Nega. She told them everything had been taken care of, hoping they wouldn't notice her wet state. Her shorts were black so the wetness was hard to see, and her skirt was too wide for it to get wet, but she feared they might notice a smell.

Once Blaze was able to shake them, she said she needed to go for a refreshing swim, and ran out to the water of the beach.

So, she had avoided total humiliation. Only Nega knew she had wet herself, and she hoped he wouldn't mention it. If he did, she'd tell them he was lying.

*001*2017-06-16 06:32

I see no one liked it, as I suspected. How do I delete my posts?

