Pooping out at sea

Author: TopCat31

*000*2023-06-10 19:29

My second attempt at a story, hope you enjoy it. It's longer than intended so bare with it.

Grace turned around when she realised Emma was no longer swimming besides her. She could see her head bobbing in the water a little ways back. Slowly treading water towards her friend she called "Em, you alright?" Emma nodded and replied "yeah, just wanted to see how far out we are and catch my breath" Emma could also feel the sea around her turn slightly warmer as she let out a long pee into the water through her bikini bottoms.

The pair had been at the beach all day and decided to swim far out just see how far they could get. As Grace approached, Emma had finished her pee and took a few stokes towards her. Grace said "oh I wondered if you wanted to start heading back" looking around seeing they appeared closer to the sailing boats than the beach. Smiling Emma said "No no I'm good for abit further" giving her bladder and couple of taps under the water. Seeing Emma's smile Grace quipped with a twinkle in her eye "Just a little wee stop then?" knowing exactly what Emma just did.

Emma replied "exactly" poking her tongue out "do need to catch my breath though". Taking the opportunity Grace had pulled the crotch of her swimsuit to the side and was peeing full force into the water around them. Braking Grace's focus, Emma queried "do you pull your swimsuit to the side?" noting one of her friends hands was out of sight. Slightly embarrassed Grace replied "yeah, always do, can't exactly get this off". Feeling her stream slow and stop, replacing her swimsuit "Don't you?" she asked genuinely curious. Shaking her head, Emma replied "nah, I just go through mine. Hands free" giggling at her own joke.

Grace's attention had gone back to the beach "we're really far out" she noted, turning her head towards the sailing boats, still quite a ways off. "you up for carrying on?" turning back towards Emma, slightly puzzled as she appeared abit fidgety.

Emma also noting their solitude suddenly felt really mischievous "yeah, though not too far, don't want to be swept away and we have to swim back" As she replied she had slipped her bottoms from her bum. She'd always wanted to try skinny dipping, but was too scared, now is a safe chance and Grace wouldn't know or care if she was found out. Winching slightly as she pulled the front down, catching some of her pubic hair in the fabric.

Emma noting her odd behaviour and Grace's puzzled look "sorry, the girls needed adjusting" as she slid her bottoms down her legs, very careful not to loose them unhooked them from her foot. Grace took a long blink in amusement and smiled "when they're ready". Emma looped her bottoms around her bikini top through her cleavage, satisfied and mischievous at her state of undress "they're good. Onward" jesting out to sea.

Clearly feeling abit more conversational they stuck close to each other and chatted as they slowly swam further out. Emma slowed and shivered at a slight jumble in her bum. Confused, Grace slowed too "s'up Em?". Emma let out a small fart and felt a bubble work its way between her bare bum cheeks "Should we head back?" now feeling a definite pressure inside.

Grace resisted "we could go further surely? Or did you just want to play with the girls abit?" teasing her friend. Emma laughed a little, concluding in her mind she'd like to stay out longer she brushed off her own question "just wondering how long it'll take us to get back for food" another bubble work its way out and the mention of food seemed to increase the pressure but Emma pushed it to the back of her mind.

The mention of food also resonated with Grace, who had felt a pressure when they last peed but had resisted, wanting to carry on swimming. Emma had started to swim off but hadn't got far when she stopped, feeling a sudden need to pee again. Grace swam over slightly concerned "Em, what is it?" In denial Emma carries on "it's nothing let's go" injecting some enthusiasm.

After a short while of proper swimming the girls stop again. "Ace, can't ignore it now, could we go back, I need the loo" Emma confesses, cupping her bum under the water. Grace laughs with relief "Is that it, thought it was more serious. Just go in the water again" not quite grasping the full situation. Emma looks stunned, with a loud shout whisper "I can't.. do.. a poo.. out... here" Realising she actually probably could, in head asking, who would know, Ace wouldn't care.

Grace now realises Emma's resistance, almost reading her friends thoughts "I need to go too, but not here". A now curious Emma, having let go of her bum, reasoned "hold up Ace, we could, no-one would know. We've already peed and it'd be a shame to go back" a stream of bubbles erupted out of her. Grace seeing the stream of bubbles laughs, causing a large bubble to escape. Slowly making its way between her cheeks, feeling it move up her back and out the top of her swimsuit.

Grace looks around smiling mischievously "ok, can't pull my swimsuit to the side though" tucking up her legs into a squat position. Emma laughs "I'm taking my bottoms off" slipping her bottoms from her cleavage and brandishing them above the water.

Grace wasn't paying attention, her arms were working hard to keep her afloat, while she pushed. Feeling her bum open up and her swimsuit getting tight from what she was pushing into it. The relief was hard to fathom and she could feel her bum bulging as she continued pushing. A jet of warmth shot out of her, slowed greatly by her swimsuit. Her hands slowed as her legs straightened and gently kicked again. She laughed at the naughtiness of what she just did. Feeling oddly pleased with herself, there was a small rush as she realised her nipples were hard and she could feel that she had a camel toe, if anyone could see.

Emma, realising Grace wasn't paying attention, replaced her bottoms between her boobs. Carrying on gently kicking with her legs further apart, her hands pulled her bum cheeks apart slightly and she pushed. It didn't take much before she felt something slip out. Looking around, she sighed that it hadn't seem to float. She grunted and pushed again but only released a stream of bubbles. Taking a deep breath she pushed again and felt a larger log slowly move out of her. Relishing the feeling of release as it left her and sank, her hands released her bum and she resumed treading water, taking a moment to process what she'd done. She could hear her friend laughing.

Grace, now tried to open up the leg band of her swimsuit and get her poo out, it was not working though. She swims over to Emma "hay Em, think I'm gonna have to take my swimsuit off" "Em? You still going?".

Emma suddenly realises Grace is in directly in front of her talking "hay, you done?" Straightening up she cups her vagina with one hand "I still need a wee". Grace giggles and starts to extract herself from her swimsuit.

It goes surprisingly well in the water, having it around her waist in no time. As she rolled the final part of her swimsuit off the feeling of her poo peeling off her bum tickled causing her to shudder. She turned her swimsuit inside out and gave it a good shake under the water. With one hand parted her bum cheeks and wiggled them to free off any clinging poo.

Emma meanwhile was peeing full force into her hand slowly moving her fingers in the stream. As her flow died down she saw Grace cleaning herself up and holding her swimsuit. Reaching behind her, finding the string of her bikini top pulled and her top fall gently away.

Catching each others eye they both take a deep breath and start laughing. Grace exclaims "wow that was fun" giggling away. Emma replies "are you a little excited?" giggling with her friend. Grace nods "yeah, do you feel weirdly clean?" Emma nods giggling away. She blushes "bath times are gonna get more fun" confiding in her friend.

Surprised Grace stares at her friend exclaiming "oh no you don't, we share that bath!". Laughing Emma defends "never at the same time" the girls stop looking at each other. Emma ponders "that actually kinda sounds fun" carrying on the thought Grace continues "yeah, we could get some Playmobil or Lego boats and play together". "Sounds great" confirms Emma.

Grace finishes the thought "think we should head back now. Get dressed closer to the beach". Emma asks "can we get boats on the way home?" Both girls start swimming to shore, wanting to get home for a bath.

