The Pony Omorashi Collection - Page 2

Author: The Dark Wolf

*025*2018-01-08 07:10

If you're more into peeing in general than wetting, maybe it'd be better if you write it, because wetting is the kind of omorashi I'm into. I know it doesn't feel the same if you wrote the story yourself, but I'm used to it now and read my own stories for that kind of pleasure.

If I were to write it, and put her in a dress, since pony dresses are hard to actually "wet" I'd have her wear panties underneath, because peeing in panties counts for me.

Oh, and I rarely ever fetishize Luna, the only fetish-based stories I've written about her are by request. Same with Cadence, I don't know why cause she's really attractive. As far as princesses go the only ones I fetishize on my own are Celestia and Twilight.

*027*2018-01-09 05:51

I mean, don't get me wrong, I would enjoy a story about Luna wetting a pair of panties, pants, shorts, bodysuit, etc. It's just she and Cadance are almost never part of my fantasies, and I don't even know why

*029*2018-02-01 06:56

@RedFish3000

Thanks.

For me it's Twilight, then Celestia, then... probably Luna and Cadance tied at rarely. I can't understand why I don't make a pink pony more attractive and graceful than Pinkie part of my fantasies that often. I often fetishize Celestia for similar reasons to Rarity.

*033*2018-02-02 21:22

Sorry, but it might be a while before I write anything again. I kind of lost a lot of my confidence. But, thank you for liking it.

*034*2018-02-17 21:34

CORRECTION NOTICE:

I confused "bodysuit" with "jumpsuit". I should repost this cause I can't edit it

*036*2019-01-17 07:17

{{17 minutes ago, hoopaconfined said:

To The Dark Wolf, And Anybody Else Who Reads This Comment:

I would be interested in people writing stories about 2 male characters racing to the bathroom because they both need to pee badly, and one gets to pee first, and the other one pees last with both of them making it to the bathroom (no peeing themselves), and I am interested in those stories for whether it would be Pokemon, My Little Pony, Sonic The Hedgehog, Kirby:

Right Back At Ya!, and the Dragonball series, and I would be interested if both of the male characters were kids, or teenagers (younger than adults) so if this gives you any ideas writing the types of stories that I would want to hear, or if this gives somebody else any ideas writing the types of stories that I would want to hear go for it, and write it, and show me it once it is written as I cannot really find any stories the types of ways I would want to read, and I do not really want to write a story myself as I want to hear other peoples' stories instead so hopefully somebody will read this, and write a story the way I would like to hear it.

}}

You might want to do a request of that on the Fiction and Fanfiction forum. I might not be in a rush to try it as I'm more into female wetting, where this has two males with desperation and no wetting. If no one else will answer, I could try it, I've written similar wetting-less requests before and balanced male and female wetting in one of my recent stories. Except that my writing isn't as good as it used to be (and it wasn't very good to begin with) and you'd probably be disappointed, especially if my heart wasn't 100% in it.

*038*2019-01-18 22:01

{{5 hours ago, hoopaconfined said:

Ok.

Where in the Fiction and Fanfiction forum is good to do that?

Maybe give me a link to a particular forum area where I can request that?

}}

There is a pinned thread at the top. Or you could simply post a new thread asking for it.

