Many Drinks

Author: The

*000*2013-05-06 03:38

Heyo!

So before you read this, this is pretty much first EVER story I've ever actually written. (Other than school work.) And with that, my first ever omo related story. So, if there's anything I should improve on, please tell me.

But with that, I hope you guys enjoy!

###

It had been a wild night. Alyssa was walking home from a party she had been to just a couple blocks down the street. There had been many drinks, and with that, Alyssa had taken advantage of it. Though, Alyssa wasn't drunk as she was walking home, as she made sure not to be completely wasted, so she could get home without a problem.

She might not have to worry about being drunk, but there is one thing that she didn't take care of before she left. She might have enjoyed all the drinks that had been given out during the party, but with all those drinks, came a price. She didn't want to take a bathroom break at the party before she left, as it would have too contaminated for her liking. So she decided to take the risk and just walk straight home.

Alyssa was starting to regret her decision, as her bladder was burning for relief. She didn't want to hold herself, as she was afraid someone would see her, even if she was walking alone in a dark streetlight lit neighbourhood. She also regretted wearing her tight jeans, which didn't help with her situation at all. She put all her power into her legs, and into holding her pee inside of her. Wetting herself out here would be the last she she wanted.

She continued down the sidewalk, almost impossible, as her muscles were squeezing in the liquids that begged for release. She gasped as the smallest golden drop leaked into her panties, and she quickly shot a hand to her crotch, making sure no more drops would follow. She stopped for a few seconds looking around, and with all her power, she continued moving forward, and she took her hand away when she knew she could take it on for just a little bit more.

She knew she had to do something. She had to take care of this, even if it meant not going in the comfort of her own home. She noticed bushes to the left of the side walk, so she quickly trotted over to them. She unbuckled her belt, cursing as she fumbled a couple times, unzipped her zipper with a loud “ZZIP,” quickly slid down her jeans, and her panties following shortly after. She squatted down, her bare lips being caressed by the tall grasses, left uncut around the bush that spelt her relief. She could feel the hot liquid rushing to her urethra, to be sprayed out onto the earth below her. Oh how her struggle was going to be over.

Right as a torrent of urine streamed out of her, she clenched up, with tears in her eyes, she stopped the flow. She heard a group of guys walked past the bush that she was concealed behind, talking about the wild party, and some of them sounding obviously drunk. They turned right, and continued down another street, thankfully not in the same direction Alyssa planned to go.

With that, she would dread having another person walk by, noticing her half naked, and her golden stream glimmering in the moonlight. So she quickly stood back up, zipped back up her jeans, and with much desperation, she managed to buckle up her belt again. She got back onto the sidewalk and continued forward towards her house.

Many agonizing minutes later, she managed to reach her house, she awkwardly approached her door, and with as much caution as possible, she grabbed her keys out of her pocket and unlocked the door. She hobbled inside and locked the door behind her. She knew she was all alone in her house, so she jammed her hand up her crotch, a finger squeezing in between her lips to make sure nothing came out before she reached the bathroom.

With her hand up her crotch, and her bladder agonizingly full, she made her way up the stairs to the temple that would cure her of her suffering. Once she reached the top of the stairs, she hobbled over to the door of her bathroom, took her empty hand, and opened the glorious door.

She entered the room, and the atmosphere of the bathroom itself, caused her to almost lose it right then and there. She clenched her muscles to the best of their ability, and shoved her hand further into her crotch. She stood the like that for a few more seconds, until she finally decided to start moving again. The sight of the toilet was such a huge tease to Alyssa. A few feet in front of her, was the thing she had been waiting for all night.

With all her might, she let go of her crotch. The hot liquid pooling around it's exit, ready to explode. Her forehead was sweating as she cautiously unbuckled her belt, relieving her bladder giving it extra space, and with that extra space Alyssa really found out how much of a bulge the was. There was so much pee! She slowly unzipped her jeans and slid them off. Bent over slightly, she pulled down her panties, which were showing a small wet spot where her lips had been. A small drop fell from Alyssa's womanhood, splashing down onto the glimmering porcelain tiled floor beneath her shaking legs. She slowly sat her bottom onto the toilet bowl. The place she had been waiting anxiously for all night.

All of that night boiled down to this one point in time. The golden liquid ready to spray out of her. Her brow was sweating like mad. Her muscles worn out to the point of breaking. She finally let go. A thick torrent of golden urine splashed into the water inside the porcelain bowl beneath her, a loud splashing and spraying noise, amplified by the emptiness if the bathroom, probably able to be heard throughout her whole house. The stream did not stop. It increased in speed as the torrent of pee streamed through the lips of her bare womanhood. Alyssa's jaw dropped as she let her head back, and moaned in almost orgasmic pleasure. The alcoholic beverages that had brewed up inside of her strained bladder were streaming out like an endless river. Her stream went strong and steady, with such extreme force for a couple more minutes, until it slowed down and later stopped completely.

Alyssa sat there. In total bliss. On the toilet bowl that she owed her life to. Amazed by the pleasure of unleashing her unbelievably full bladder. After a few more minutes, Alyssa stood up, leaving her pants and undergarments on the floor. She went to her room, and had the most amazing orgasm she had ever experienced. But, that's another story.

*002*2013-05-06 19:55

{{:

Wow, very descriptive for a first story. Actually, it was very well written. You included vivid detail.

Personally, where ever you write "had been" (First and fifth line) I would simply write "was." There's also some minor grammar mishaps in the first sentence of the last paragraph. It could use some commas. Also consider revising the third paragraph, and the rest of the story as well.

Like I said, very well written. The only other thing it could be missing if it was a lengthy story with multiple chapters is Character development. She could do or say something distinctive of her character. If she's the "bitch" type, she might swear on her way home. If she's cheerful and giddy she might laugh on her way home about how desperate she is. She has demonstrated caution, which, any woman in her right mind would do so character wise I wouldn't consider it to be too distinctive. Again, it's not necessary, just a virtue. Great story.

}}

Thank you very much. ^^

