Waiting at the gas station

Author: teevex

*000*2020-07-23 05:22

Hey! This is my first omorashi story - I've not really done much writing, especially in this field, but I'm willing to try at least this once.

###

"Don't take long!", she shouted out of the car window toward her friend. He always takes long - shouting makes little difference.

Evelyn and her friend Daniel had just gone out to lunch, fast food was her treat. They'd both ordered a burger and fries, Daniel had chosen a small drink which went right through him and into his small bladder, but Evelyn had decided to one-up him and get a larger drink. She always likes to make sure she's superior to him in every way, even the smaller things - she's only 2 inches taller than him, but she enjoys calling him tiny. It gets on his nerves, but it's all in good fun.

It's boring, waiting in a car for someone to finish using the bathroom at the gas station - fiddling with the buttons, tuning the radio into random stations, snacking on leftover fries and taking long sips of a drink. It starts to agitate her, all this waiting - but she's not realised how much she's drank, and she's going to regret it.

A slight urge to pee starts to appear, but she can't go, at least not now, she hates gas station bathrooms, plus if she gets up to pee, what if Daniel finishes first and comes out to see her gone? She won't look as high and mighty as she wants to seem - especially with such a tiny urge. Evelyn brushes it off, but tries not to sip her drink anymore just in case - A small urge like this is a piece of cake to get rid of, she can just wait til she gets back home to use the bathroom.

Her mind begins to slowly drift off - why is he taking so long? What could he possibly be doing in there?

During this absent minded think, Evelyn doesn't realise she's been sipping her soda this entire time and begins to panic, she must have drank at least half by now - she's going to wet herself at this rate. The urge had grown exponentially while she'd been daydreaming and it's starting to hurt. It's too late to get up now.

Tiny spurts begin leaking out of her - her panties stained with dark spots. She had to find a place to go, and fast, before her car gets ruined.

Panic sets in - where to pee, where to pee?

Her eyes dart around the dashboard; the cup holder? Too small - and where would I put my drink? The glove compartment? And ruin my CDs? No thanks.

The last place her eyes land on is the half-empty large soda cup.

She sighs, as she picks it up. It's the only place that won't leave a mess everywhere - but what do I do about the soda that's still in it?

After a short delay, and a quite large, alarming leak, Evelyn reluctantly downs the rest of the soda as quickly as she can to make room for the contents of her bladder, which hopefully will all fit inside the cup. The brain freeze is minute compared to the pain in her lower region.

She quickly peeks out of the window, just in case her friend is finally out - the only time she wishes he was still taking forever, and then unbuckles, manoeuvring herself over the now open takeaway cup. She pulls up her skirt, revealing her black panties (thank god the wet patches don't show up as easily on them), pulling them aside. Almost immediately after she had revealed her pussy to the cup, her bladder had exploded.

The big eruption was almost too big to contain - it felt like her bladder was excited to finally get the pressure off. Evelyn was peeing for what felt like forever - her face red as a tomato from a simultaneous feeling of relief and embarrassment. She just hoped nobody heard the loud hisses coming from the car. After she had finished, she used a napkin to finish up (and to clean up all the pee that had missed the cup), and readjusted - as if nothing had happened.

Another few minutes pass, and out comes Daniel - blissfully unaware to the events that transpired.

He sits down in the car, and glances at Evelyn, still slightly embarrassed - she's been thinking about what happened.

"Yo, Evie, you okay?", he asks her.

She takes a minute to reply, but eventually, she tells her "Y....yes...I'm fine...can we go home now?"

Evelyn wanted to get home as quickly as possible and change out of her wet panties.

The events had made her horny, too - she wanted to be "alone for a while".

She just hopes he doesn't find out about this - this would make him seem more superior than her, because he actually pee'd into a toilet.

###

Sorry it's so short! It's my first day. Maybe I'll write more in the future, who knows?

