Baby sitter humiliated me

Author: theblackman24

*000*2018-01-01 14:52

When I was very very young my I use to bully my neighbor kid we where the same age and I was a bad kid. neighbors mom her name was Teresa and my mom where really good friends and my mom since they where teenagers. My mom went on a vacation, and Teresa had the neighbor babysit me while she was away. The afternoon hour we where in the living room, and I was playing with the kid and I tackled him hard and I punched him in the head. Teresa got up and pushed me off of him and yelled, dont hit him. then she said im going to embarrass you so you know what its like to bully people. I said both you and him are stupid, Teresa got so upset, she said im going to change your life and your going to lean about bullying.

After that indecent the next day she kept telling me to drink lemonade. I drank 4 large glasses of lemonade and I was still ungrateful, and called Teresa stupid. She looked at me calmly and said, just wait. my bladder started to fill up so i walked to the bathroom and Teresa picks me up and puts me in a car seat and says we are going to a swap meet.

She sits her son next to me in his car seat.my bladder was so full i asked Teresa if i can go to the bathroom and she said no. She drove to down town Fullerton then took me and her kid out of the car. We started to walk up and down harbor my bladder was very full and I was holding myself so hard. 30 minutes later Teresa takes me to a crowded mall. I really had to use the bathroom I couldn't wait I was going to wet myself infront of a lot of people, I was crying and holding myself.

I had to pee so bad that i fell to my knees, started crying more. All of a sudden I lost control of my pee and I started peeing my pants in at the mall. I wwas holding myself so hard, but it didnt matter the pee came out. When i finished wetting my pants, I was crying from embarrassment. Teresa asked me why am I crying. I said I peed myself infront of everybody and my feelings where hurt.. She said dont bully my son then I wont have to embarrass you again. I never bullied any one again

