In-Flight Service

Author: Tempest

*000*2012-03-24 04:13

I casually slid my carry-on under the seat in front of me as the flight attendant droned about safety and regulations I've heard countless times before. Silently I was really hoping that the seat next to me would stay empty. Reaching for and opening the Skymall magazine in the pocket of the seat in front of me, I perused the latest overpriced gadgets, and decided I wanted every one of them. The last handful of people filed into the cabin of the small connection flight – our estimated flight time was only about an hour and a half. I bit my lip as the last of the passengers walked towards me, hoping they wouldn't sit by me. I heard the aircraft door slam shut shortly thereafter and breathed a sigh of relief, turning back to my magazine. However, much to my dismay, I heard the heavy breathing of someone standing next to me, hurriedly putting their things in the overhead bin.

I rolled my eyes and looked slowly to my right, and was greeted with an unexpected but pleasant surprise. Her figure was slim and lean, and all her curves were accentuated by tight leggings and a short top. As she stretched upwards to put her things above me, her shirt lifted, revealing a subtly toned set of abs and a pierced belly button. When she clicked the bin shut I immediately diverted my eyes back towards my lap. With a great heaving sigh she sat down in the seat next to me, and went about making herself comfortable. Out of my peripheral vision I could tell she was flustered and had sprinted full force to reach her flight.

“Just barely made it, huh?” I asked her casually when I ran out of magazine to read. She was attempting to comb her frazzled hair with her fingers. It was dyed blond, and her roots were almost black. There was a couple seconds of pause before she responded. “Huh? Oh, yeah... my flight was delayed coming in. I didn't have time to do anything but run to the next gate.” She laughed weakly, shifted in her seat, and attempted to settle in. The plane pulled away from the gate and we began to taxi. Shortly thereafter we took off and began our ascent to our cruising altitude.

I glanced over as she reached into her bag and pulled out a travel pillow, wrapping it around her neck. She stared up at the fan jets above us and turned hers on. Her face was still slightly flushed. I turned to stare blankly out of the window. I didn't bother bringing any electronics for such a short flight. The drone of the engines became extremely boring, so I decided to take my chances and speak to the girl. “Feel better?” I asked with a pleasant smile. She turned to look at me, blinking her light blue eyes and smiling her eyes. “I'm just glad I made it on.”

“So where are you headed?” I asked.

It turns out she was a gymnast, traveling to a regional competition. It was some sort of nationwide team she was a part of, and she was on her way to the rest of her group to participate. I didn't intend to make anything more than small talk, but we ended up chatting about our hometowns, our hobbies, our ambitions, and everything else for a solid hour. Our conversation was cut short by the pinging of the captain's intercom, notifying us of turbulence just outside our destination. The seat belt signs illuminated, and I sighed and braced for the unpleasantness.

The girl sitting next to me – Nina was her name – gasped quietly when the seat belt signs turned on. She leaned into the aisles and looked around. “Great,” she muttered under her breath. “What's wrong?” I asked, my eyebrow raising unintentionally. “I was going to go to the bathroom before we landed, but I didn't get the chance. I never went at the airport either.”

“I'm sorry for keeping you,” I offered. “No, it's alright, you're a very interesting man,” she smiled to me. “You're pretty fascinating yourself,” I interjected. She flashed me another smile before giving the aisles another scan. She shifted in her seat, stared up at the signs above us, sighed, and leaned back in her chair, rubbing the tops of her legs gently.

The turbulence wasn't that bad, but the whole plane was bouncing up and down repeatedly, like a truck on a bumpy dirt road. I turned to Nina and gave her a silly look, pretending to be on a roller-coaster. She looked at me and laughed, but stopped herself short and hunched over, pressing her hands together and wedging them between her legs, which she then starting bouncing up and down in sync, or perhaps that was the plane doing it. After about ten minutes the vibrations stopped, but the signs remained lit. The intercom came on shortly after declaring that we'd be starting our descent. Nina groaned softly and leaned her forehead against the seat in front of her, her legs bouncing repeatedly, hands wedged firmly between her thighs. I felt a twinge of excitement in my pants as I imagined how warm it must be between her legs.

I had nothing to distract me from her current situation, so I figured I'd pry into her situation under the disguise of concern. “Are you going to make it?” I chuckled as nonchalantly as possible. She sighed at me, and with great labor sat upwards. “I really should have gone earlier, but I think I'll be alright. I've been drinking water all morning to get ready for the first round tonight.”

“It shouldn't be much longer, I think,” I reassured her. I actually had no idea how long it would be and a casual glance out of the window put us well above the clouds still. I watched the scenery a bit longer and glanced back at her. She was scouting out the aisles again. I peered over the seat in front of me and noticed the hospitality carts were blocking the aisles from all directions as the attendants came around collecting service items.

She groaned under her breath and out of the corner of my eye saw her unfasten her belt. She did so as quietly as possible, as the attendants came closer to our row. When they arrived, her feeble attempts at hiding her lack of a restraining device were discovered by the watchful eyes of the attendants and she was asked to refasten it. With an almost inaudible whimper she complied, giving herself as much slack as possible. Before the attendant could move on, she leaned over and pulled the belt taut around Nina's waist, with a casual, “there you go sweetie, safety first!” Nina smiled weakly up at the attendant, and as soon as she continued on, she buried her hands in her crotch, blatantly holding herself, drawing in a breath through her teeth, and hunching over.

“You'd think with all the training pilots get you wouldn't need a seatbelt,” I offered Nina as she toiled over her growing desperation. I actually knew very little about pilots or aircraft in general, but wanted to incite more conversation and gauge the intensity of her issue. “I know, right?” She fumed at me. She was now flapping her legs open and closed, her knee occasionally grazing mine. After a noticeable bump to my knee she turned to me. “I'm sorry, I really can't help it. I have to go pretty bad.” I smiled at her as another throb of excitement made me shift in my seat. “It's alright, do whatever you have to, I don't mind.”

She sighed heavily again and went back to writhing in her seat. Shortly after we broke through the cloud cover and the ground below fell into sight. Admittedly I frowned at myself, because in mere minutes we would be touching down. I turned my head again to inform her of our progress, but was interrupted by her hand on my arm. She lifted herself up in her seat, crossing her legs beneath her, and lowered herself deftly onto her heels, jamming a hand between her legs and flapping them rapidly up and down. She took her hand quickly from my arm with a frantic “Sorry”.

“It's alright,” I said again. “Is that helping now? We're almost there.”

“A little, but it's- it's really bad now,” she stammered.

“Would you like to hold my hand?” I asked, keeping my arm on the armrest but turning my palm upwards invitingly. I had absolutely no idea where I was going with that nor how it could help, but I wanted to touch her very badly at this point. She gave me an exasperated look. “Wha-?” She breathed as she bounced and shifted in her seat. “Oh... sure,” was the only response I got. She slid her hand into mine and an intense feeling of excitement shot up and down my arm. Her hand was white-hot and slightly clammy. I gave her hand a gentle squeeze, looking out the window again. “We're about to land, Nina,” I told her. She didn't respond to me, and when I looked back in her direction her head was on the back of the seat in front of her again, all her willpower focused on not making a mess of her seat.

As we came in for the descent, we hit the runway rather forcefully, rattling the passengers in their seats. I felt Nina's grip on my hand tense fiercely, and heard a sharp “Ah!” as the wheels came into contact with the ground. She leaned back heavily in her seat, thrusting her crotch forcefully into her heels. Her face turned pink and she was breathing heavily. “Are you alright?” I asked as I began to caress her hand with my thumb. “That was a hard landing, wasn't it? Did it scare you?” Her response put me over the edge almost immediately. “No, but some just came out...” She spoke under her breath to me, a frantic tone in her voice.

My manhood stood fiercely erect at this juncture, and all I could manage to say was “Oh...”. My mind raced as Nina abandoned all hopes of being stealthy and writhed in her seat, bouncing her crotch against her heels vigorously, and flapping her legs up and down wildly. The aircraft slowly taxied to the gate, and we reached our destination with relative ease. We pulled into our spot, came to a full stop, and the seat belt signs finally turned off. Nina took her hand from mine and tore her seatbelt from around her waist. She attempted to claim a spot in the aisle and bolted out of her seat, but doubled over and sat back down, jamming both hands between her legs to hold herself.

She turned to look at me and with a panicked expression said, “I can't stand up, I can't hold it anymore!” I crossed one leg over the other to hide my reaction to this ordeal. I looked to the aisles and noted, “It looks like the aisles are full anyway,” and they were. As quickly as she was to sit back down, the others made for their own bags and now encumbered the aisles. She had no choice but to sit and wait, and wait she did. Even when the doors opened and people began filing out, she remained where she was, blocking me in. Normally I'd be furious but she was only prolonging one of the best flights of my life.

As I watched the others lumber slowly out of the cab, I felt her hand on my arm again. She had shifted in her seat, and leaned her whole body towards me, resting on the side of her thigh. “I'm sorry, this is all I can think of,” she spoke softly to me. I didn't even have time to question before she parted her legs slightly, and slid her free hand between her thighs and began rubbing her crotch fiercely. I couldn't look away even if I wanted to. As she struggled in this last ditch attempt to stem the imminent flow of hours of water into her leggings, my manhood pulsed fiercely and I felt my boxers become moist with pre-cum.

My body was in a state of shock, and my mind was drawing blanks. As I sat there frozen, my eyes widened as she rested her head on my shoulder, much like she did against the back of the seat earlier. I reached over and combed her hair with my fingers gently and told her, “It's alright, they're almost all gone”. At that, she slowly lifted her head and found the aircraft's remaining passengers filing out. She turned to look up at me, leaning back in her seat. “It doesn't matter, I think you can see it now,” she whimpered to me, “Look”. She quickly spread her legs and I tried my best to contain myself as a large wet spot revealed itself to me, almost black against the gray fabric of her leggings. I didn't get to enjoy the view for long before she closed her legs and began holding herself, writhing in intense desperation.

I cleared my throat and said nervously, “It's alright, it's our turn to go”. She looked back over to me. Her eyes were watering and her forehead showed signs of perspiration. “I can't get up,” she moaned to me. “Come on, you can still use the bathrooms right over there if you hurry,” I said, motioning to the lavatories beyond us. She looked up over the seats again and groaned. We could not have been sitting more perfectly between the two bathrooms, and I knew it. She whimpered again and hunched over in her seat, now rubbing herself openly as we were now the last two people on the plane. The attendants were still at the front of the aircraft but would soon be checking the rest of the cabins. “Come on Nina, we have to go, the stewardesses will be here soon.”

She gave me one last look, then peered up and down the aisles, took a deep breath and bolted upright, clawing for her bag still closed in the compartment above us. Before she could get it open, she doubled over and held herself tightly once more. I scooted over to her seat, standing halfway upright, as my head was hitting the fans and lights above me. “I'll get it, Nina,” I told her. “Here, move.”

“Mmf- No... no, I'll get it...” She stammered. Her legs were quivering and I knew she was mere seconds from soaking herself. I looked towards the front of the aircraft and watched the last couple of people exit. The stewardesses were tidying things up front, but were slowly working their way back to us.

My gaze was abruptly interrupted as I heard a loud rumble from above me. I lurched into the aisle, bumping into Nina as the contents of the overhead bin shifted and fell out, just like they warn you about before you land. “Look out!” I cried as some electronics equipment belonging to the aircrew tumbled out right towards Nina's head. I reached forward with both arms out of instinct, grabbed her by the waist, and pulled her towards me. She yelped loudly as I forced her body into mine, and the equipment crashed soundly into the aisle and into the row beside us.

I felt Nina crumple forward in my arms. “Nina, are you al-” I began to ask as I let her go and stepped backwards. The sudden commotion must have frightened her because I was now witnessing Nina doubled forward in the middle of the aisle, her back to me, her hands intertwined holding her crotch, and her legs bent awkwardly inwards as she began to wet herself. I stood in amazement as I watched the darkness of her wet patch grow slowly, spreading past her fingers, and down the insides of her thighs. She moaned loudly and made one last attempt to tense her body and prevent it all from coming out, but her body at last gave in and she began flooding her form-fitting leggings, as the entire back of them turned from gray to black and shone under the aircraft's overhead lighting capturing her wetness.

She turned slowly to me after she was done, holding on to a seat on either aisle, her legs and muscles weak with the outburst. I could see the outline of her crotch pressed through her now drenched leggings, as they clung to every curve of her body. There was a steady stream of drips falling from the cuffs of her leggings, and they added to the sizable pool now formed underneath her. I stared for a moment longer, neither of us saying anything. She breathed a sigh of relief and opened her mouth to say something, but stopped short and gave me an inquisitive look, staring down at my midsection. I quirked an eyebrow and looked down myself. My eyes widened as I observed a large wet patch on my own pants, and it dawned on me that I had apparently orgasmed from the sight.

I looked back up at her, and we exchanged embarrassed looks. I shrugged and laughed nervously at her. “I guess I don't need the bathroom anymore,” she breathed at me. I smiled and replied, “I guess I don't either.” I never saw Nina again, but I always go out of my way to book with the same airline, just in case.

*006*2012-04-10 22:41

{{:

She seemed to take his orgasm pretty well.

}}

Considering the position she was in, I don't think she could have judged him much.

{{:

Interesting story, completely unlikely but a very good read :)

}}

If you're talking about things falling from the overhead bin I'd agree with you. Why do they always warn you about that? I've never seen it happen. ;)

Thanks everyone for the positive feedback, enjoy my next story! :D

