Four Desperate Anime Girls

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-11-24 23:41

I thought I'd try writing this cause I'm free today and then it's back to being too busy to write some serious fetish stuff. I can at least take comfort in the fact that stories don't have to be super high quality for people to be satisfied with them here. I hope you enjoy.

This is a crossover of Pokemon, Digimon, Dragon Ball Z, and Yu-Gi-Oh, featuring the anime girls I want to see omorashi with the most.

Four Desperate Anime Girls

On a hot summer day, four girls got together to go on a roadtrip to a city that was five hours away.

Misty, who was going to see a Water Pokemon show that was going on there, was wearing her usual yellow midriff tank top and jean shorts.

Kari, who was going to the amusement park that was open at the city at this time, was wearing a white and pink tank top and skintight yellow shorts about a quarter of the way to her knees. (This is the Adventure 02 Kari) She would have liked to bring Gatomon, but Gatomon had been invited to a party in the digital world so they had gone their separate ways for now.

Videl, who was going to fight in a martial arts tournament, was wearing a white tank top with a pink T-shirt underneath, and black compression shorts halfway to her knees. (We'll say her hair is longer despite wearing her post-haircut outfit)

Serenity, who was visiting her friend Tristan Taylor, was wearing a pink and yellow T-shirt and jean shorts. (Battle City outfit)

Here, Videl, Kari, and Serenity lived in the same city and went to the same high school, and were friends early in. Misty traveled to the city after her return to Cerulean City, where she met the other three girls in a restaurant, and immediately began fangirling over Kari and Videl, for the former's Digimon battles after saving the world from Myotismon, and the latter's tournament battles. Serenity in turn had enjoyed watching Misty compete in a Water Pokemon tournament. After a conversation, Misty had three new companions.

They were all very excited to get to the big events tomorrow (today, in Serenity's case). As soon as they got into the car, with Videl driving, Misty in the front seat, and Kari and Serenity in the back, they started to sweat profusely, for it was very hot in the car, which had been in the summer sun for hours.

So, before leaving the city they were currently in, they stopped at a convenience store and each got two large slushies, and a pack of water bottles. Videl paid for them, being very rich as the daughter of Mr. Satan, the world champion.

When they got back into their car, it was still very hot. Knowing it would take a while for the air conditioner to take effect, they each drank two bottles of water, except Videl, who drank three.

By the time they were out of the city, the car had cooled down. Ten minutes later, the sweat had evaporated off them.

"I can't wait to see what kind of Water Pokemon there'll be," said Misty. "Vaporeon... Seel... Horsea... Tentacruel..."

"I haven't been to this amusement park in years," said Kari. "I wonder what rides they'll have this year?"

"I hope some fighters at the tournament will at least be a challenge," said Videl.

"It'll be nice to see Tristan again," said Serenity.

An hour into the drive, all four girls needed to pee. They had each had a light breakfast, and drank quite a lot.

"Can we stop at the next gas station?" said Misty. "I have to go to the bathroom!"

"Me too," said Videl. She quickly looked in the rear view mirror, and Kari and Serenity's looks of discomfort and fidgeting slightly told her they needed to go too.

Misty sometimes wet herself when she saw a Bug Pokemon on her travels with Ash and Brock. It was bad enough having an accident in front of them, but they all got used to it, and she'd prefer not to embarrass herself in front of Videl, Kari, and Serenity.

Kari had only wet herself once that she could remember, when she was being sucked into the Ocean of Darkness before Yolei had slapped her out of it. She hadn't had time to feel embarrassed until after the battle had been won, and Gatomon and Silphymon's DNA Digivolution had somehow dried her off before anyone else but Yolei could find out.

Serenity had also only wet herself once, when Tristan had been defeated by Nezbitt in the virtual world. This had carried over to her body in the real world, but her shorts had only been damp by the time they escaped the explosion of the virtual world.

Videl, on the other hand, often ended up peeing herself when fighting crime. Because her shorts were black, no one ever noticed. It would be harder to hide if she peed all over the seat here, especially since the lower part of her shirt would get wet too while sitting down.

After twenty uncomfortable minutes, they got stuck behind some slow-moving trucks side by side, going about 30 miles per hour.

With each minute, the girls felt the pressure in their bladders increase, and crossed their legs. Videl still having to keep her foot on the gas and brake pedals.

"This is ridiculous!" said Videl, honking her horn. "Move your ass! Some of us have to go REAL bad!"

A hand reached out of the window of the trunk directly in front of them, flipping her off. Videl banged her fists against the wheel, then crossed her legs tighter. After all, she had more to drink than the others.

An hour of fidgeting later, one of the trucks turned off the road, allowing Videl to speed up to the speed limit past the other truck.

Misty was very nervous. She really needed to go, and she didn't have the strongest bladder because she'd usually pee in the water back at Cerulean City, and had a history of wetting herself at the sight of a bug.

"When are we gonna get to the nearest gas station?" said Serenity, crossing her legs and fidgeting harder. She wasn't sure she could hold it much longer.

"Hopefully soon," said Videl. She couldn't afford for it not to be. They had just gone an hour on a stretch of road that should have been under twenty minutes. So, they had just over four hours before they reached their destination.

Kari whimpered as she felt her need to pee increase.

They crossed their legs and fidgeted for another twenty minutes before they finally reached a gas station. Already feeling a bit better, they quickly parked and rushed out of the car for the bathroom. They each raced to get to the bathroom in time, with Videl in the lead, Misty second, Kari third, Serenity fourth. Serenity hoped she could hold it for as long as it took the others to go.

Until they saw the dreaded Out of Order sign on the girls' bathroom, much to their dismay. So they ran back to the car and hit the road again.

"I really don't think I can hold it until the next gas station," said Kari.

"I have to pee SO bad!" said Misty, holding herself and fidgeting harder.

"We all do," said Videl. "But we'll have to hold it until the next gas station."

"The next gas station's an hour away," said Serenity. "I really don't think I can make it."

"Try to hold it as long as you can," said Videl. "I have to pee as badly as you. And none of us brought a change of clothes so if any of us have an accident we'll have to stay in our wet shorts for the rest of the trip."

Kari and Serenity whimpered, feeling more desperate at these words.

Forty minutes went by, and Videl, Misty, Serenity, and Kari became more desperate. They could feel their bladders slowly filling up by the minute, the pressure becoming more intense. They were more desperate than they had ever been in their lives, for every time they had wet themselves had been out of stress or fear. Although it wouldn't be their first time, none of the other girls knew each had wet herself already, and wanted to keep it that way.

It was hard for Videl because she drank an extra water bottle and had to keep focusing on driving, but she could hold it longer when she wasn't feeling any stress from anything other than having to hold it. She kept both hands on the steering wheel, but Misty, Serenity, and Kari were holding themselves. All four were squirming.

And then, the worst possible thing happened. They hit a traffic jam that went on for as far as the eye could see.

"NO! Not now!" Videl banged her fists on the steering wheel again, denting it slightly. She crossed her legs and fidgeted more.

It had been only twenty minutes until the next gas station, and Misty thought if she held it this long she might be able to make it. But now she knew it would be a lot longer, and she REALLY didn't think she could hold it this long. She whimpered as a small spurt escaped into her red panties.

Kari and Serenity were more uncomfortable too, fidgeting harder than ever.

Every five minutes, the cars moved slightly. But they were making no progress any time soon.

Twenty minutes into the traffic jam, Misty leaked again, dampening the front of her shorts. "I can't take it anymore. I'm just gonna go pee outside."

"There's no trees or bushes," said Videl, who was a little jealous because as the driver she couldn't do so. "Everyone will be able to see you."

"I don't care," said Misty. "And I'll turn around so all they can see is my butt." She paused at the thought, which was almost just as uncomfortable, but a five-second leak convinced her it would be less embarrassing than wetting herself all the way.

She had just unbuckled her seat belt and had turned toward the door to open it when a Weedle climbed onto the window.

Misty screamed at the top of her lungs, her shorts getting wetter by the second. Videl, Kari, and Serenity were startled, Kari and Serenity leaking a little. The Weedle was also startled, falling off the window and scurrying away.

"What was that about?" said Videl. "You almost made me..." She paused at the hissing sound coming from Misty and the sight of her peeing herself.

Misty's eyes were shut tight in fear. She opened them and looked to the window. The Weedle was gone. She breathed a sigh of relief, and then noticed that her shorts were soaked, and she was still peeing. She tried to stop, but she couldn't. She blushed and hung her head. "I... I just couldn't hold it... there was a bug on the window and I..."

Videl was not happy that Misty peed all over the front seat of her car. Now her car would smell like pee until she could get it somewhere to get the smell out. Or maybe wish it away with the Dragon Balls. Oh, if she had them now she'd wish for a bathroom at the side of the road, or for the traffic jam to clear up.

But, she knew Misty must be really ashamed of having an accident in her car in front of her and the other girls, so the last thing she needed was for Videl to give her a hard time.

"Don't feel bad," said Videl. "You held it as long as you could." Another jolt from her bladder, and Videl crossed her legs.

Misty felt a little better, but was still embarrassed as she finished peeing. At least she didn't have to go anymore.

Kari and Serenity felt bad for her, but the sound of her peeing made them feel like they had to pee even more.

25 minutes went by. Videl, Kari, and Serenity fidgeted harder, while Misty sat in her wet shorts.

Kari and Serenity leaked a few times, and so did Videl near the end of it. They fidgeted harder, their bladders throbbing harder than ever.

Finally, after a total of 45 minutes of traffic jam they started moving again. They saw a lane was blocked off, but nothing was going on there. Someone had blocked off the lane for no reason and someone thought it would be funny to go slow through the open lane, thus slowing everyone else down.

"Was someone TRYING to make people have an accident in the car?" said Videl.

"It worked," said Misty, blushing lightly but feeling a little better.

Far ahead, Weevil said "How many people do you think wet their pants because of our trick?"

"Hopefully a lot," said Rex. They gave each other a high five.

Back in Videl's car...

"If I can just hold on until we get to the gas station..." said Kari, fidgeting harder, her shorts damp.

Serenity just nodded her head, her shorts slightly wetter than Kari's from leaking a little more.

"Now that we're moving again, I'm going as fast as I can!" said Videl, going the speed limit exactly, not wanting to go over because if she was pulled over it would increase her chance of wetting herself. Her shorts were slightly damp from her leak.

After fifteen minutes, they reached the gas station.

"I'll stay here," said Misty. She no longer needed to go, and didn't want anyone in the gas station to see her pee-soaked shorts.

Serenity was the first out. Videl and Kari needed to go really badly but Serenity felt like she was about to burst.

To her dismay, she saw a big line for the bathroom. No doubt all of them had been in the traffic jam and had been holding it in almost as long as her.

"No..." said Serenity. She had been this close to relief and now she had to wait longer for it.

At this revelation, her bladder just gave up and released itself into Serenity's shorts. Serenity blushed as her jean shorts quite noticeably grew wetter and wetter, and rivers of pee poured down her legs and formed a puddle at her feet.

Usagi (Sailor Moon) was right in front of her. She took one look, and put a hand on her crotch, but her skintight pink shorts darkened and a puddle grew at her feet as well. She started crying loud, which diverted any attention away from Serenity.

Videl and Kari saw Serenity peeing. Videl took her hand, holding herself with her other hand, and walked away, Serenity leaving a trail of urine behind her as she continued to wet her shorts.

"Aren't we gonna use this bathroom?" said Kari, leaking a little more at the sight of Serenity's accident.

"It'll take longer for this line to end than it'll take for us to get to the next gas station," said Videl.

Serenity knew the next gas station was an hour away, and the line would probably be shorter than that, but she couldn't think of anything else right now, too ashamed of peeing herself.

She was still peeing when they reached the car. Videl and Kari got back into the car and crossed their legs, patiently waiting for Serenity to finish so she didn't pee on the seat. Although, there were no towels, so the seat where Serenity sat would get damp, but not soaked like Misty's seat was. Besides, Serenity was peeing standing up so not as much of her butt would get wet.

Once Serenity was done peeing, she got into the car, still blushing, and Videl took off as quickly as she could.

"Out of order again?" said Misty, now feeling more bad for Serenity than she was about her own accident.

"There was a big lineup from the traffic jam, and I couldn't hold it any longer. I feel so ashamed."

"Don't feel bad, you held it as long as you could, and anyone else in your position could have done the same."

Serenity started to feel a little better, remembering now that she wasn't the only one who had an accident in the gas station, and that Usagi had been the center of attention. She did feel bad for her, but she also felt less ashamed now. The crotch and lower butt of her shorts were soaked, her pink panties were drenched, and her legs glistened with pee.

They continued the trip. Videl and Kari were fidgeting harder than ever, both crossing their legs, and Kari holding herself with both hands. Videl was leaking every ten minutes, but Kari was leaking every minute, the damp spot on her shorts growing bigger.

"How much farther until the gas station?" said Kari twenty minutes into this next part of the drive.

Serenity, who was still a little embarrassed but had gotten over the shock of her accident, said "Forty minutes."

Kari leaked for four seconds. "I can't hold it that long! I'm gonna wet my pants!"

"You're not the only one," said Videl, crossing her legs tighter.

Five minutes later, Kari said "I can't... I'm going to... it's coming out!"

*psssssssssss*

Kari started to pee full force. The crotch of her skintight shorts became soaked, and in seconds the wetness was soaking her butt, and drenching the seat she was sitting on. Never mind the state of her pink panties.

She blushed beet red and started to tear up slightly as she continued to wet her shorts for the second time.

Because her shorts were yellow, it was hard to visibly tell that she had wet herself once she was done. But while she was peeing, it was easy for Serenity to see this, as well as hear it. Smell wasn't a factor because she and Misty had already had an accident and the inside of the car already smelled like pee. Serenity put her hand on Kari's back.

"It's all right, Kari. You held it as long as you could. We just had so much going against us, we couldn't help it. It has been about five hours." Really more like four hours and forty-five minutes.

"It's amazing you could hold it so long," said Misty.

Kari started to feel better and just enjoyed the relief, however embarrassing, as she flooded her shorts and felt her very full bladder empty rapidly. She stopped trying to hold it in and let it flow, not that she could stop or even slow it down anyway.

Videl could hear Kari peeing and her sigh of relief, and it made her leak for five seconds. "I can understand you couldn't help it, but can you at LEAST try to pee quietly over there? I still REALLY need to go!"

"Sorry," said Kari, still peeing. "I forgot. But, if you don't make it, don't feel too ashamed."

"Yeah," said Misty. "At least you held it longer than the rest of us!"

Videl was crossing her legs, fidgeting, and holding herself with one hand while driving with the other, feeling waves of pee sloshing inside her. "I'll try, but I'll try to hold it in first!"

"For another half hour?" said Serenity. "That's how far the gas station is."

Kari finished peeing. It felt wonderful to let go after holding it for so long, she hardly felt ashamed anymore.

Fifteen minutes later, it was now five hours into the drive. Videl REALLY needed to go, she was about to burst. She was fidgeting harder than ever, crossing her legs really tight, holding herself with one hand, and dribbling. She had still avoided a full-blown accident but her shorts were getting damper and damper, and her white panties were soaked.

It had been an hour and twenty minutes since Misty's accident, and she needed to pee again, all the pee left over from the first time having caught up to her. Her shorts and the seat were already wet so she unabashedly let it all out where she sat.

Of course, what she forgot was that she was sitting right next to Videl, who was in desperate need of a bathroom and could easily hear the sound of her peeing.

"Really?" said Videl. "You had to pee AGAIN, and you couldn't hold it for another twenty..." She let out a squeal as she leaked for six seconds, and then for seven seconds. When the next leak began, Videl knew she was beyond the point of no return, so she stopped holding and peed like a race horse, uncrossing her legs while keeping her foot on the gas pedal, and moving her pee-soaked left hand onto the steering wheel.

"Ahhhhhhh," Videl sighed, blushing lightly but greatly enjoying the relief after holding it in for five hours.

When Misty stopped re-wetting her shorts, she paused as the sound of peeing continued, looked over at Videl, and blushed. "Oh, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to make you lose it..."

"It's all right," said Videl. "I probably wouldn't have been able to hold it anyway." She laughed as the warm wetness soaked the crotch and butt of her shorts, as well as the lower sections of her white shirt, and the driver's seat. She had to admit, the warm release did feel very good. At least this time she wasn't in the middle of a fight with criminals.

Serenity was feeling a slight urge to pee at this point, similar to Misty. "Um... If it's all right, can we still stop at the gas station? I need to pee again, and I don't want to damage this seat any further."

"You can go in your shorts again," said Videl, still peeing. "I don't mind."

"I'd really prefer not to."

"Then we'll stop."

Videl peed for two minutes before she was done. The relief felt so wonderful she didn't even care that she had just wet her shorts all the way. Besides, it wasn't the first time, even though it was the first time someone else noticed. But, as Misty had pointed out, she had held it in the longest.

Eighteen minutes later, they reached the gas station. Serenity didn't have to go that badly but she walked into the gas station, blushing when someone noticed her wet shorts.

She was able to use the bathroom without any trouble, and got back into the car.

"How did it go?" said Kari.

"The bathroom was working and it was empty," said Serenity.

"Oh, sure, NOW there's no obstacles once all four of us have wet our pants," said Misty.

There was one hour left in the drive. Half an hour into the drive, Kari peed a second time, and she and Serenity giggled a bit. Ten minutes later, Videl peed again, without shame. After all, her shorts and seat couldn't possibly get any wetter.

Finally they reached the hotel they were staying at. As they got their hotel room, they felt a little embarrassed at everyone in the lobby being able to see their pee-soaked shorts.

"Do you still feel up for going to see Tristan?" said Kari to Serenity once they were in their room.

"Tristan's seen me wet myself once before. He doesn't mind."

"At least your shorts aren't quite as wet as ours," said Videl, and all four girls laughed.

Videl gave Serenity a ride to Tristan's house, where she explained what had happened, and Tristan understood, actually seeming to like that Serenity had wet herself, and that she didn't feel too ashamed of it now.

While the other three girls hung out in their hotel room, realizing they hadn't even brought any pajamas to change into, Tristan ordered takeout for him and Serenity. A few hours later, Serenity needed to pee, and Tristan tickled her until she wet herself again. Serenity didn't mind, she thought it was funny and her shorts were already wet so it didn't make a huge difference.

...

Next morning, their shorts had dried, though they still smelled like pee.

Misty saw the Water Pokemon show which had all her favorite Water Pokemon in it. Kari had a lot of fun at the amusement park, with all her favorite rides, Serenity had dinner at a nice restaurant with Tristan, and Videl won the tournament, though it was noticeable that the lower part of her shirt was stained yellow, the audience loved her too much to care.

All of them thought it was worth the wet drive there.

...

The day after, Videl, Misty, and Kari picked up Serenity, each sitting in their usual spots. In the summer heat the seats had dried but the car still smelled like pee.

They each drank two big slushies, a coffee, and three bottles of water before the car cooled down.

An hour into the drive, they needed to pee, and twenty minutes later, got stuck behind slow trucks again.

"Not again!" said all four girls. They each looked sideways at each other, and then peed where they sat.

They didn't stop anywhere for the rest of the trip, and drank water bottles freely. They each peed three more times before they got home, not caring how saturated their shorts and seats got.

*003*2017-11-25 00:54

{{30 minutes ago, Yellow⚤Rain said:

Another hot story, loved it! If you were to write future installments of these, though, I would like to see a little bit more chemistry between the girls. Since they're all from different franchises, their friendship feels a little hollow. But that's just my opinion, you're the writer - do whatever feels right to you.

And, in reference to that future installment, have you ever seen Sailor Moon? I'd love to see a story that involved one of the Senshi.

}}

Sorry about that, I never really thought about it. I thought it might add too much non-omorashi details to show how they met and what this crossover world was like (considering their worlds are all very different).

To the Sailor Moon thing... Didn't you catch the part about Usagi in the line at the second gas station?

Might be a while yet before I write anything, and I don't usually do crossovers, but I had this in my head for some time and couldn't figure out the best way to do it.

*004*2017-11-25 02:30

It's a world containing elements of all four shows. Like the original shows, with similar events, but not exactly the same. I added a little bit in for a bit of background on their friendship.

*007*2017-11-25 05:53

I never really watched Dawn or Serena's seasons of Pokemon, and I never fetishized Zoe much. I assume Kotori's from Yu-Gi-Oh GX, I haven't seen it either.

Maybe next time I'll use May, Sora, Bulma, and Tea. (I always forget Bulma because she did wet herself in canon, but then she was wearing a dress and panties, and I'd love to see her wet one of her pairs of shorts)

It could be set earlier for the Season 1 Sora with her jeans, as well as Bulma being younger than in Videl's time. With the time jump Misty and Serenity wouldn't really look different.

Ooh, I'm really tempted to write that now. But, with this and a private RP done, I started something else tonight, besides, I can't really think of a scenario yet.

