Wet Camping Night (Equestria Girls)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-02-16 23:12

Note: This is an Equestria Girls fanfic.

Wet Camping Night

The Equestria Girls sat around the campfire in the evening. They had already set up their tents, and were telling campfire stories.

"Here's one," said Rainbow Dash. "One time, two guys went camping at this very campsite. As soon as the full moon rose into the sky, they could hear a wolf howling. One of them thought it was a werewolf. The other didn't believe in werewolves, and walked into the woods to prove it was a dog or something. Then, two werewolves returned, and one of them was dressed in the camper's outfit. No one ever saw either of the two campers again."

Fluttershy shuddered. "So there are two werewolves at this camp? Maybe... maybe three?" She looked up at the sky. A full moon was visible. She let out a frightened squeal.

"Oh, don't worry about it, sugarcube," said Applejack. "There ain't no such thing as werewolves. Besides, if no one ever saw the campers again, how would anyone know what happened? Dash just made that up."

Fluttershy felt a bit reassured.

After telling more campfire stories and roasting marshmallows, the girls changed into their pajamas and went into their tents. There were two tents they set up. Twilight, Sunset, Rainbow Dash, and Applejack were inside one, and Fluttershy, Rarity, and Pinkie Pie were inside the other.

...

Fluttershy woke up in the middle of the night. The first thing she realized was that she really needed to pee. She had drank a lot last night and hadn't used the bathroom before going to bed.

She really didn't want to get out of her tent in the dark. She tried to remind herself, any animals she could possibly run into at this campsite would be friendly and even provide some company on her trip to the outhouse.

But then she remembered Rainbow Dash's story of the werewolf. What if the werewolves were really out there? What if they were just waiting for someone to come out and bite them? Whether they'd make their victims their dinner or turn them, neither sounded appealing to Fluttershy.

But her need to pee grew, and she knew she wouldn't be able to hold it all night.

She took a deep breath and remembered what Applejack had said. Whatever magic existed already, where was no such thing as werewolves, and even if there was, Rainbow Dash had to have made it up, or else no one could have known the story. She took a few more deep breaths, and quietly got out of her sleeping bag, so as to not awaken Rarity and Pinkie Pie.

She had just reached the entrance to the tent and was about to open it when she heard the sound she had been dreading all night.

The howl of a wolf. And it sounded like it was close, and in the direction of the outhouse, no less.

Fluttershy's face turned white and she quickly got back in her sleeping bag. No matter what else, she didn't want to be the werewolf's next victim. She'd just have to wet the bed tonight.

She held it in for another minute, but her fear accelerated how fast it took her to lose control. She quickly felt her pink pajama pants grow warm and wet. The sound of her pee spraying against her pants could easily be heard, and the scent of urine was in the air. If Rarity or Pinkie Pie were awake, they'd notice for sure. Fluttershy sighed in both relief and embarrassment.

Another howl could be heard, louder than last time. Fluttershy's heart started beating faster, and her stream became stronger, but the werewolf didn't seem to be trying to enter her tent. Rarity and Pinkie Pie stayed asleep.

Once she finished peeing, Fluttershy closed her eyes. Her pajama pants were drenched, and there were some major wet spots on her sleeping bag, but after about ten minutes she was able to get back to sleep.

...

She woke up to the sound of the rooster. At first, she had forgotten what had happened last night. She realized she felt wet, and noticed the strong pee smell. She felt her pants, sat up, and blushed, thinking she'd peed in her sleep, which she had not done in many years. Then she remembered her accident the previous night. It was daytime now, so the werewolf wouldn't be a threat now.

Rarity and Pinkie Pie woke up, and walked over to Fluttershy.

"Good morning, Fluttershy." Rarity sniffed. "What is that smell?"

Fluttershy blushed. "I... I didn't mean to... I heard a werewolf outside, and I didn't want to walk to the outhouse..."

"Oh, you poor dear," said Rarity. "It's all right, darling. You just need to rinse off in the river, and we'll hang your pajamas up to dry."

"What about my sleeping bag?"

"We'll rinse it and dry it too!" said Pinkie. "Don't feel too bad. The same thing happened to me once."

Fluttershy felt a bit better that her friends weren't disgusted or making fun of her. She walked outside, hoping to get to the river unnoticed. But Twilight, Sunset, Applejack, and Rainbow Dash were already outside. Rainbow Dash turned towards her first.

"Good morning Flutter... Whoa. What happened?"

Fluttershy blushed again. "I woke up in the middle of the night, and I needed to make a trip to the outhouse, but I heard a werewolf outside, and... I just couldn't hold it."

"Oh. I'm really sorry, Fluttershy. That was me howling outside. I thought it was a funny idea of a prank after telling that story."

"I knew it was you as soon as I saw your sleepin' bag was empty," said Applejack.

"Oh, come on!" said Rainbow Dash. "So all I really did was make Fluttershy wet herself?"

The other girls nodded.

"I hope you don't hate me for that," Rainbow said to Fluttershy. "I could understand if you did."

"Oh, it's all right. I know you didn't mean to. I'd hug you, but... you know..."

Rainbow gave Fluttershy a hug, not caring that she was getting her pee on her pajamas. Fluttershy felt much better now, and walked down to the river to rinse off.

"Oh, I really gotta pee too," said Pinkie Pie, and she ran toward the outhouse, but Rarity was already inside. Pinkie knocked on the door. "Are you almost done in there?"

"I'm going to be a minute," came Rarity's voice from the inside.

"Oh well." Pinkie let go and started to pee in her blue pajamas. Rarity heard her sigh of relief and chuckled to herself.

*002*2019-02-17 04:26

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

I can always count on you to read them and love them. So few people do even on this site.

*005*2019-02-18 08:21

{{2 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

A fun read! This is a scenario I enjoy, and of course these are characters I love. Fluttershy is just perfect for a fear wetting story. Rainbow Dash's prank was a nice twist. I thought they went from anger to hugging awfully quickly, but otherwise everyone was in character.

I think I've said this before, but your stories sort of speed by. The outhouse scene at the end is especially rushed. I think things should be fleshed out more.

So, is the story over, or will there be more chapters?

}}

It's probably over. I'm not a real great writer, I actually suck pretty hard at it, and I have been experiencing writer's block even for a lot of the fantasies that came to mind. I posted it here because people aren't as fussy about quality here as on fimfiction. But thanks for at least finding it fun.

Also the outhouse scene was supposed to be "that last bit at the end"

*007*2019-02-18 08:53

{{4 minutes ago, Pee-Pants1995 said:

Awesome story do hope there's more

}}

There may not be, this story shows my writer's block is starting to return. But thank you for liking it anyway

*010*2019-02-18 18:29

{{9 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

You're not a bad writer, you just need to work on the details and the tension-building. I'd recommend rereading stories you enjoy and taking note of how things are described and how things develop and progress and climax. It's helped me.

}}

I have written some longer stories

. If you think this one was all right, you might like the extended desperation in these ones. (Sorry, no Applejack, her pony self doesn't interest me as much as her human self)

