[Lea series] Chapter 1: Leaks Detected

Author: Thunder

*000*2021-02-01 19:52

Hello everyone!

It's been a while since I last wrote something on this forum, but I am back today with a series of stories. This series will be divided into four chapters - the three first ones being consecutive and the fourth one taking place a few weeks after. I'll upload them during the week.

As usual, please excuse any grammatical mistake that the following text may contain, as English is not my first language.

I hope you enjoy the series!

_____

The hour digit went from 6 to 7 and the alarm clock began to ring. Lea awoke instantly. Today was to be a special day. She had been working as an intern in a big pharmaceutical company for 3 months and she was to lead the end-of-year projects meeting – or, at least, she was to go from slide to slide on her computer when she was told to. Well, there’s a start to everything.

She quickly got up from her bed and headed to the shower. She waited to be under the warm water to release her bladder – a habit she had taken recently after reading an article on how much water was wasted every year with the toilet flushes. She always took advantage of this moment to inspect her body. In her early twenties, Lea was a tall blonde girl with sky-blue eyes and a cheeky smile. She loved the curves on her lower half but despised her tiny breasts, “smaller than most men’s pectorals” as she used to describe them.

She went back to her bedroom and decided to dress well for what was to come. She usually would make it a point of honour to be as feminine as possible to defend the fact a woman could dress as she wanted – and that this fact could never be an excuse for any bullying or violence – but today, she chose a white blouse, a leather skirt, light-coloured pantyhose and a pink silk panty that was one of her favourites. She didn’t put on bra; she had never felt the need to. A quick breakfast and she was on her way.

Morning was very busy as she had to make sure that all the slides were in the right order for the presentation, that every speaker was aware of the time he had; in a nutshell, that there would not be any flaws. Lea was drinking tea as usual and felt her bladder filling slowly but surely. She would usually go to the toilets after lunch, but today was to be a special day. Just as she exited the canteen, she ran into the service manager and boy did he had things to say. About the presentation, of course, but also about the weather, the birds, the fact that his wife was too fat… He never stopped talking. Way too polite and too intimidated to cut him out, Lea nodded hither and thither, laughing when she had to. Then, in a middle of a sentence, the manager said: “Oh dear! The meeting is in five minutes! You’d better get going!”.

“Sure”, she answered, and began walking quickly towards her office.

Now she was worried. She hadn’t been able to empty her bladder after her lunch and she already felt a small pressure in her lower abdomen… And the next chance for relief would be in 4 hours. “That’s OK, I can make it”, she thought. But today was to be a special day.

She quickly got to her office, closed the door and turned on her computer. She connected to the meeting, opened the PowerPoint and began to wait for the other attendees. Because of the sanitary situation, everyone was attending the meeting remotely; hence Lea’s job was simple: make sure every speaker was there and go from slide to slide following the rhythm of their presentation. Pretty boring, but a very important role, and she was proud to do it.

After an uneventful hour, she really began to feel the pressure in her bladder. She cursed the manager for preventing her from going to the toilets after lunch and began bouncing her legs up and down. Another positive aspect of Covid was that she was alone in her office, which was normally not the case for interns. However, her office door had a window on it, so she could always be seen by people going through the corridor.

Two hours in and yes, Lea was desperate. Her morning tea plus the water she drank for lunch had made their way through her body and her bladder was now aching. She kept crossing and uncrossing her legs and she found it more and more difficult to keep up with the presentation. “There is no way I can hold it for another two hours”, she thought. She was now very worried she would pee herself but could not yet resort to hold her crotch right there in her office where anybody passing by the corridor could see her.

Three hours in and now the pain was excruciating for Lea. She had abandoned all composure and was now holding her pussy through her pink knickers to try and hold it. She could barely focus on the presentation and had to be reminded to go to the next slide many times. Then suddenly, the phone rang. Lea jumped in surprise and felt a tiny leak escape her pussy lips and soak through the fabric of her panties. Now panicking, she answered the call: it was her manager wanting to know why she was not focussing on the slides. She assured him that everything was OK; the last thing she wanted was him coming to her office and seeing her in this state… She hanged up the phone and leaned forward to put it back to its base. Bad idea: she leaked again, a bit stronger this time, and she felt her panty becoming damp. She had to find an idea before her leather skirt, chair and office floor were soaked. She had to pee right now!

She began looking for something, anything she could pee in. She spotted the waste bin under her desk and wondered if this could do, as it had no plastic bag in it, when an even bigger leak escaped her. This time, it was powerful enough to soak her panties to her ass and, to her horror, urine began pooling in the back of her leather jacket between her legs. In one swift motion, she grabbed the waste bin, positioned it under her and began to pee uncontrollably. She tried her best to pull her leather skirt back up and just let go. She was peeing full force in her panty and the relief felt like bliss.

Fortunately, her microphone was on “mute” because the pee splashing against the fabric of the panties and through her pantyhose was making a big hissing noise. She peed for what felt like an eternity, then her jet began to weaken, and she was hit with a wave of consciousness: she had peed herself at work. In her office. She quickly glanced at the door window but there was nobody to be seen. Her now dripping pantyhose was totally see-through and her pink panties entirely soaked. Her leather skirt, fortunately, was still mostly dry. What would she do now?

She decided to take off her panties and pantyhose and to go back home with only her skirt. She slowly took her pantyhose off and tried to use the remaining dry parts to wipe her inner thighs. Her panties followed the same way, but there was very little to save on them. She grabbed a handkerchief on her desk and wiped her soaked pussy. But now her waste bin was full of pee and she had to do something about it!

That’s when the manager decided to enter her office. She hastily kicked her panties and pantyhose behind her desk and quickly regained composure. “What are you doing? Why are you not going to the next slide? Everyone’s waiting for you!”, he shouted. “Err… I had a… slight problem with my computer”, she answered, praying God he would not look down to the waste bin. And that was true. In the middle of her screen, a message had appeared: “LEAKS DETECTED. PLEASE CALL SECURITY”. Today was definitely a very special day.

“Oh, very well then. By the way, I have a special mission for you tonight, you will have to come with me”. Naked under her leather skirt, with wet pantyhose and panties one meter to her right and a waste bin full of pee under her, all she could answer was “yes”.

