Rukia Desperation

Author: terrex21

*000*2011-02-27 07:08

This is my first time doing a Omorashi staly story and giving a try at it to see how it good and would like help if the mistake I made with this story.

###

One sunny morning, Rika looked around her brightly lit bedroom realizing that her alarm had failed to wake her, and she was going to have to run to get to school in time. Knowing that she would have to run in order to get there on time, Rukia quickly threw on a black short skirt with a matching top before grabbing her bag and running out the door soon after. Since she had to rushing to get to school, Rukia didn't have time she had to empty her bladder before leaving the house about half way there her bladder gave her a push tell her that it need to be emptied. When she got to school, Rukia quickly looked at her watch to see if she had time to make a quick stop to the bathroom before class. Realizing that she didn't have enough time, Rukia quickly made her way to class, rushing into the classroom and drawing the attention of all the students.

"Why are you later than usual?" the teacher asked as Rukia tried to remain still so as not to give her current situation away.

"I overslept," she said, "Is there going to be some free time during class?"

"No there not, Go sit down so I can start class," the teacher scolded me.

When Rukia headed that her pisshole open up a little and let out a little spurt of pee on to here white cotton panties she put her hands between her legs to stop the flow to regain control. After regain control the Rukia complied and walked, face a little red from what happen, towards her seat in the middle of the classroom. The teacher pulled out the role book out of a desk drawer being a little annoyed. Then, she started calling out names with a stern voice as expecting the same energy from her students as they responded.

About ten minutes later Rukia abdomen started to hurt from her desperation. She crossed her legs to help get control back and continued to listen to the teacher lecture.

Another few minutes passed and with that time her desperation got to the point were she was wiggling and putting her hand between her legs. She looked up at the clock to see how much time was left in class to see there was 30 minutes left, She had a feel she might not be able to hold it that long on top of that her desperation got worst that she let out a little pee out. At the same time she said “oh shit”.

20 more minutes passed and the teacher was done with the lecture and gave out the homework so Rukia went up to the teacher to ask if she could get a pass to the restroom but the teacher said no because there was only ten minutes left till break and told her to go back to her seat. As she was walking back to her seat she felt that she couldn’t hold it any longer and her bladder gave a big squeeze. With that she felt pee run down her leg, and she put her hand in between her legs to try and stop the flow but her body did not listen at all and she keep on peeing herself as her bladder gave realizing sign.

When she was done wetting herself the teacher asked her to come up front Rukia went to the desk the and the teacher told her to go change in to her gym clothes and come back to class. Rukia left the classroom embarrassed as she closed the door the students laughed. When she got back the teacher said he was sorry about not letting her go and told her to go back to her seat. The rest of the day Rukia was embarrassed and kept to her.

*003*2011-03-05 03:32

Thanks for the feed back and i will hope to try and make a few more with your advices.

