Jahy-sama Can't be this desperate

Author: Token

*000*2018-11-12 04:33

This is my first omo-story, so tell me what you think. The series this is based on is Jahy-sama wa Kujikenai!, which I highly recommend!

Jahy-sama Can't be desperate

A 5'10 woman with a perfect dark complexion, amber eyes, complimented by black hair in a single braid worked tirelessly serving customers throughout a bar. A fanged smile was given to each one as they received exquisite service, little did they know they were dealing with a sinister, & cunning woman. The Demon Lord's right hand, trapped upon our very own plain of existence was...

PUTTING HER HEART INTO HER WORK!

Wiping sweat from her brow Jahy-sama, the Demon Realm's Number 2 (and don't you forget it) finally finished yet another hectic happy hour at the modest pub she graced with her presence (took pity upon her & offered her a job) just as she finished the last bit of coffee in her mug, the bubbly owner approached her

"Hii-chan, you did such a great job while I had to call the plumber!" the curvy Owner praised the power-sapped demon, only inflating her already expansive ego further.

Jahy smiled triumphantly before standing up straight, the massive mystic gem swaying around as she moved to place her hands upon her hips emitting a smug aura.

"Why of course I did, I'm the Demon World's Number two after all!" she scoffed before loosening the top button on her blouse, making her way to the backroom to change.

"Not that I care for the lowly needs of Humans, what was the issue?" she nonchalantly asked, trying in vein to hide genuine concern for the establishment that kept her off the street.

"Oh, Hii-chan it was terrible . . .one of the customers backed up our only bathroom." The normally glowing Owner grimace at the thought of the horrendous sight "I don't think I'll be able to rest until everything is fixed."

Jahy shook her head for a moment "Geh, humans are so disgusting." she stated in a condescending tone "Can barely contain yourselves & when you get relief, you desecrate where ever you squat." Jahy put her nose up and pouted.

"Hii-chan...are you still upset I made you clean up all t-"

"NEVER SPEAK OF THAT AGAIN." Jahy cut off her boss without hesitation, the dreaded taco Tuesday fiasco was the last thing she wanted to relive.

"Ah well, just be careful Jahy you had an awfully lot of coffee during your shift." the Owner placed gingerly placed a hand on her cheek with a concerned look.

"Coffee seems to be the only drink you humans can get right, I'm energized, & heck I could go find some more mystic gems or take on my arch-nemesis with ease right now!" Jahy flexed her arms & revealed her demonic wings.

"Hii-chan, have you never drank coffee before? Because you should kn-"

"Blah blah blah, I think I have more than enough fortitude for a Human beverage."

"You said that the first time you drank alc-"

"ENOUGH I'M LEAVING!" Jahy erupted in a booming voice before dashing out the establishment, not allowing the Owner's "Facts" & "Truth" rain upon her optimism towards the new energy given to her by the bitter nectar known as coffee.

On her way home Jahy was side-tracked with all the extra energy she was hyped up on, searching through parks, harassing kids, and being an overall nuisance to those around her.

"Argh nothing noooothing, I couldn't turn up anything...not even a stupid lead!" she said completely exasperated, she transformed back into her smaller more child-like state not wanting to consume anymore of her Mystic Gem's energy. She felt completely defeated, but her rotten luck was only just beginning, as soon as she transformed back to her smaller & much weaker state an impending issue that was in the back of her mind slammed into the front brutally.

"NGH WHAT TH-" a tan hand slammed between her legs, the crotch of her black shorts hidden by her oversized shirt. The Demon Realm's normal 2 was reduce to performing an impromptu potty-dance hopping foot to foot desperately, she broke out into a cold sweat trying her best to not draw anymore attention to herself.

"T-this is bad, I normally don't have to go this bad this early in the day!" she said through gritted teeth, to her chagrin she used her magic to transform back to her normal form before frantically darting her head back and forth in the right direction to head home in. The once haughty demon was now sprinting to make it to relief, weaving through backstreets knowing full well if her magic runs out her child-like state wasn't going to last more than a few seconds before drenching her shorts.

"DAMN THAT MAGICAL GIRL! If she hadn't gotten me sent here I wouldn't be forced to endure that tiny form!" she barked at out loud, she finally rounded the corner to the run down apartments that she was forced to call home as she felt her magic begin to wane.

"Salvation, at l-"

"Where the hell is my rent?" A familiar face appeared from the shadows behind Jahy with a cold dead stare, if she was in her smaller form she wasn't sure holding back the contents of her bladder would have been a choice. The blonde haired noticeably modest chested figure was the Bar Owner's twin sister!

The Landlady!

"Geh, of all times! Fine here's your r-" Jahy's eyes and entire expression went completely blank as she reached into her pocket only to realize nothing was there, in her haste to dart out of work...she had forgotten her paycheck.

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO" she screamed internally, she began sweating buckets knowing full well if she wouldn't even make the trip back to work let alone a round trip.

"I'll...hand to you in my apartment, I left it there." the demon lied trying to act fully composed attempting to walk towards the stares of her building"Let's just head in there & I'll-"

"Cut the crap, I know you get paid today, AND I KNOW you haven't been home all day." The Landlady stated aggressively as she stepped into Jahy's path.

"Pay up, before you get roughed up."

Jahy's bladder was beginning to feel incredibly full in her normal form, several worrying spasms forced her to put two balled up fists on her thighs near her crotch trying desperately not to grab herself. She didn't even want to think about how she'd fair if she was in her much more compact state..

"I SWEAR ON MY LIFE IF YOU LET ME IN MY APARTMENT YOU WILL GET YOUR RENT" She announced giving up on playing nonchalant darting around the woman completely distraught, the Landlady was quick to move after the demon screaming

"GET BACK HERE, I'M NOT FALLING FOR ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR LIES!" they both dashed up the stairs Jahy reaching out for her door with her key to unlock it, the Landlady grabbing at Jahy and trying to yank away the demon.

"GET BACK HERE AND PAY!!"

"YOU'LL GET YOUR MONEY, JUST LET ME IN THAT APARTMENT GRAAAAGH" the tug of war lasted a few seconds as Jahy finally got the door open completely disregarding her keys and her dignity as she jammed both hands between her legs sprinting to the bathroom.

"Yes, yes, yes I'm gonna make i-" she felt her power vanishing as she shrank in size

"NOW I GOT YOU RUNT!" the Landlady dived at the the now short demon wrapping her arms around her tightly, with Jahy's hands grasping at he crouch trying desperately to contain her bladder she was completely helpless to the grapple. The woman heaved the demon up to her chest in triumphant, panting a bit from all the the effort she took to get her.

"Now ya little Runt, you and I both know you can't get free so jus-...wait why are you-" In their chaotic battle the Landlady hadn't taken note of Jahy's appearance, but now that things were settling down she saw the demon with both hands jammed down her short-shorts, teary-eyed shaking violently.

"Wait, Jahy do you have to p-"

Without another second to spare Jahy's body stopped shaking before locking up completely with the exception to an odd twitch or two, her ironclad bladder began leaking into her shorts and down her leg in a steady trickle getting on the Land Lady's shirt, she felt the warmth and it was unmistakable.

"GEH, WHAT THE!?" the Startled Land Lady jerked the poor demon in her arms holding her away as she stopped the stream starting to shake once more a single tear going down her cheek.

"Y-y..." she muttered through her clenched fangs.

"Oh wait, NO DON'T GET IT ON THE FLOOR I HAVE TO PAY F-" Now fully aware of the tenant's plight she couldn't help but take pity, she tucked the demon under her arm like a football before darting to the bathroom, with every bump and move made Jahy leaked a stream into her shorts, with her legs twisted together fresh pee pooled right at her crotch spilling down the side of her inner-thigh onto the Landlady who completely ignore it.

They whipped around to the bathroom finally, the Landlady removed Jahy out from under her arm to set her down to get to the toilet noticing the demon's face scrunch up as a full-fledged stream was being unleashed straight into her shorts, staining her over-sized shirt as well as Jahy desperately tried to contain it as more and more pool on to the ground.

"I-I can't....H-hold it any-anym-more..." Jahy muttered with both eyes shut.

"Crap crap crap crap." The Landlady Moved over the Toilet, at the sight of it Jahy lost any semblance of control just letting loose completely as pee filled her hands, drenched her shorts, and rained down into the toilet below splashing the Landlady with no remorse.

"Ahh...hah....ahhh....hhh..." Jahy involuntarily let out a long sigh of relief as she uncontrollably released a torrent of urine that messily spread it's way down the front and back of her legs "Hah...ha...ahh.." she completely ignored the Land Lady's presence for the moment to caught up in no longer being burdened.

"You gonna be done any time soon? My arms are getting tired.." the woman's voice snapped Jahy back to reality.

"Geh!? PUT ME DOWN, THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT!" she erupted trying in vain to kick and pull her way free.

"Shut up, unless you want me to tell all the regulars at your job you pissed yourself."

Jahy gave the Landlady a piercing stare into her soul, if it weren't for her tiny body, and her lack of bladder control currently, she would've been menacing (menacing!), meanwhile the sound of urine hitting water was the only thing keeping the bathroom from being dead silent.

". . ."

". . ."

"Sooo . .?"

"I'M ALMOST DONE, DAMN IT!" Jahy shouted, she wouldn't let this go. The Demon Lord's Number 2 WILL HAVE REVENGE.

*003*2019-11-12 17:32

(I decided to make a story based around the art I commissioned from @YellowZoneMX

, I hope you guys enjoy.)

Jahy-sama Can't be desperate:

Salwa-sama will change that!

Salwa watched from afar as Jahy went about her day, with a villainous plot brewing within her mind.

“With this, I, Salwa will obtain the seat of the Demon Realm’s Number Two!” she accidentally blurted before covering her mouth, she glanced around for a moment sweating slightly.

Jahy glanced back in Salwa’s direction, before looking back. The great demon mistress (As Jahy would proudly refer to herself) not only noticed Salwa, she clearly knew they were there, however their “rivalry” was so one-sided that Jahy didn’t even know who Salwa was in the first place.

“Heh, my stealth is unparalleled Jahy couldn’t even detect me in plain sight.” Salwa smugly thought as she continued to lurk behind the other woman “Every day, around this time Jahy goes to the store for groceries! When she least expects it, I’ll swap it for my own sinister concoction!”

“With this Demonic Extra Strength Diuretic, Jahy will be at my mercy, groveling and begging for relief! That I will deny her at every turn!”

“I’ve clogged every toilet in the Mall, placed out of order signs, and stolen the keys to every nearby store with a bathroom that isn’t employees only! Then when Jahy’s last shred of will breaks, and she soils herself I will record it! No Demons will ever follow her, not with the blackmail I have! I’ll extort her until the day she DIES!”

Salwa got a tad too engrossed her internal monologue, she went from skulking about to silently broadcasting her presence with every move, she quickly realized Jahy was leaving her sight and rushed to catch up as she rounded a corner, continuing her pursuit she saw that target was entering the local corner store.

“This is where I strike, you’ll pay for every humiliating defeat you’ve given me!” she muttered.

Meanwhile from Jahy’s perspective:

“Hm, hm the Owner let me get overtime for the Holidays so now I can FEAST!” Jahy’s eyes lit up with excitement at the prospect, she went through each aisle grabbing enough inexpensive ingredients and food to last her at least two weeks, the Demon World’s number 2 was over joyed!

Back to Salwa:

Stumbling and weaving around people Salwa tried her best to keep up but stay out of sight, he aim was juice aisle “That’s when I’ll strike.” She mumbled.

Nearby woman “That crazy cosplayer is talking to herself…”

Salwa ignored the woman’s words as Jahy finally reached for some Orange Juice, the Demon Alchemist move upon the scene bumping a shopping cart into Jahy making her drop the carton, Salwa then slid her own fake “juice” instead towards her target, however nearby shopper minding their own business walking by accidentally kicked Salwa’s carton back towards her not paying attention. Too caught up in her brilliant plan they didn’t notice that Jahy reached down and grabbed the exact same carton they had prior to put in their cart.

“AAHAHAHA, now to follow her until she drinks it.” She muttered as she reached down to grab what she assumed was the Juice Jahy was planning to purchase “First I drink your juice, then I take your place.” She snidely remarks downing the carton in one go in the middle of the aisle, no mortal grocery store worker was going to stop her.

Until one did moments later, prompting the establishment to toss her out.

“Minor set-back but once Jahy is outside, she’ll bring my Elixir home and I’ll be there. I already cut the plumbing to where she lives, she’ll be at my mercy as soon as she dr-...geh…”

As Salwa monologued she was cut short after feeling a wave of desperation hit her, causing her to jam her hands between her legs instinctively.

“Oh no, oh no..” she looked at the carton she had drank and saw her shoddily made fake logo on it confirming her fears.

“NOOOOO- Irk” The demon couldn’t even scream, she felt like anything she did she’d explode on the spot.

“Gotta…gotta get h-home.” Salwa began to struggle home, hands firmly clamped between her legs, sweat running down her forehead, and fear in her heart taking the back alleys to minimize being seen. After a couple of minutes, the Demon knew there was no way she could last, the diuretic she had made was meant for a dosage of one cup, and she downed several without hesitation.

“I-I gotta stop..s-somewhere…b-before..” she said through gritted teeth, she turned to look for a trashcan to duck behind or some store with a bathroom she hadn’t sabotaged as she did her whole body tensed up as a leak escaped soaking into her panties, and allowing tiny stream to go down her leg, the demon was running out of time.

Just when she was about to abandon all hope, she spotted a nearby park, she knew it had a trail she could slink off from and finally get relief! She darted there clenching as hard as she could to minimize the almost constant leaking she was experiencing, a baseball sized wet stain was forming in the crotch of her shorts and expanding along her backside, but she simply didn’t have the time to be embarrassed unless she wanted a bigger mess.

The demon was finally on the trail and rushes straight into the bushes unbuttoning her shorts and undoing her military jacket that went down to her thighs, both done quickly and promptly as the leaks began to turn into short streams, she got to the other side of the bush and…

There was sharp decline,

Salwa struggled to keep her footing before slipping down the hill, her jacket caught by a nearby tree branch before being pulled off her body and her hat being lost somewhere in her descent. In a daze she got to her feet, her bladder moments from exploding. She pressed her back up against a tree trying to pull her shorts down but holding it through the fall used up her bladder’s last bit of strength, her sharp teeth bit her lip as she struggled to hold on for just another few seconds as her whole body involuntarily relaxed, pee cascading from her shorts down her legs into her boots, and soaking the dirt beneath her, Salwa leaned her head back letting out a soft moan at the relief her face flushing red with shame.

She panted heavily, looking around to make sure she was alone this embarrassing incident was going to remain a private matter for as long as she l-

Meanwhile with Jahy:

Covered in dirt, tree branches, and whatever else Jahy comes crawling out from a bush looking around.

“I have to find more Mystic Gems!” she said rummaging through foliage on her hands and knees, she glances over towards Salwa’s direction sniffing…

“It smells…Terrible over there.” She muttered veering away from the other demon’s shameful display as they tried to conceal their chest and pull up their soiled shorts.

Back to Salwa:

“J-jahy!? She must have planned this! THIS IS ALL HER DOING!” She thought angerly, her whole face bright red as she tried to slink away from her foe.

“I’ll get you for this Jahy, I WILL!”

