Glorious relief

Author: Themaster258

*000*2019-11-04 13:53

Sorry, not sorry about this one. Wings of Fire deserves some golden love too. I've found nothing on the internet.

A quick idea that wouldn't leave my mind until I wrote and uploaded it.

This was a quick two-hour idea, so I hope it holds up.

Glorious relief

Rainwings were lazy. A fact Glory had the pleasure to confirm once again. No other party in her honor would see the guests taking a mid-party nap, leaving her alone with her slightly confused Nightwing guests. Them and Jambu as the sole source of feverish pink entertainment cracking jokes that only prompted slight nods.

A very small and suppressed part of her wanted to join in but as queen she had an image to keep for the whole lazy tribe.

A black paw from behind set down a bowl of pale yellow juice. A shiver went down all the way to her tail along with a tiny stripe of white color at the sight of the liquid. She had suppressed something else for these last hours. All the juicy ripe fruit and drink gathered in her bladder.

“It’s not poisoned,” Deathbringer said from behind and pointed at her bowl, raising his own.

“You know I’m not a dragon of poisons,” he added, “Not drinking would be rude wouldn’t it?” He downed his bowl in one big gulp. Glory wearily eyed the bowl and raised it to her lips. “To not being poisoned by my own bodyguard,” she said. The sour juice ran down her tongue and it took all her might to stop her face from twisting.

“You are a nuisance,” she said and watched Deathbringer’s face twist and turn.

“Pretty sour isn’t it?” he said.

“What kind of bodyguard tries to embarrass his queen?” she asked, her face tinging yellow, but Deathbringer had already vanished into the shadows.

She shook her head with a faint smile and returned to whatever pointless conversation she had to endure next.

Hours went by and the need to water the flowers rose with every minute. Drinking that sour juice hadn’t helped at all.

Rainwings didn’t care much for sanitation. “The village is up in the trees, who cares about a little more rain?” A mindset so fitting for these lazy scales. Glory was used to holding it for hours on end, relieving herself when the village slept and nobody would see her. A queen can’t be seen relieving herself, although the former queens did not share that sentiment. She had seen a golden arc fly from Dazzling’s hammock and wished that could be her right now.

The palace grew louder and fuller as the Rainwings returned from their midday nap. Glory pressed her legs together and the white streaks off her scales as an orange-pink Rainwing poured juice hanging upside down from the ceiling into held out bowls below. He missed most of them, causing it to splash and patter onto the weaved floor and seep downwards.

An unnerving sound to her swollen bladder. Most of the gathered dragons were either cursing him or laughing, paying little attention to her. A chance to slip outside.

Her scales shifted to a dull brown, one that no Queen would ever wear, and slipped through the masses and the door. She turned right and ducked behind a wall, her scales camouflaging to match its color. Staying dead silent and still she waited. No one had followed her. A ripple of pinkish-white coursed through her body. Her bladder rested rock hard in her abdomen.

Gazing around she found a secluded platform further down. He didn’t like the idea but her bladder could not wait too much longer. Spreading her wings she glided downwards near silently, peeking and watching the Rainwings above her. No one had noticed her slipping away.

Her tired bladder muscles relaxed near-immediately as her claws reached the platform.

“The queen is running from her own party?” A voice asked from the shadow of a tree. Her muscles clenched, stopping the near immediate release. “Deathbringer!” she hissed and swayed around.

If it was only him she’d happily continue but he took her worry straight out of her head.

“I’ve brought your whole guard just in case,” he said and Glory spotted them hiding among the trees and platforms in camouflage all around her. Of course, he did.

“Three moons Deathbringer, you don’t have to bring my whole guard because I’m out to get a whiff of fresh air!” Glory hissed and sat down to stop her legs from trembling and giving away her predicament.

Deathbringer jumped from the shadows and landed next to her, dancing around as if he’d won a bet.

“Fresh air? On a secluded platform in camouflage?”

“You know how some of them are, can’t get some peace and quiet unless they are asleep,” she said.

He nodded and smirked. He had surely noticed the thin stripes of white coursing through her scales and was teasing her. Her lower body stung painfully.

“I’m here because we have a situation,” he said and his expression hardened. Glory’s mind snapped to attention. If he was serious, it was serious and she had no time to worry about her bodily needs.

“What is it?”

“An audience, now.”

“Who?” She asked and stretched her wings in preparation to take off. A painful spasm and a flash of white went through her body. Why did it have to be now? She would cut the audience short and duck away into on of her chambers afterwards. The floor in her rooms was a weaved mesh of vines and twigs, it would seep right through. And it had a door for privacy, a rarity in this village.

“I think it’s best if you see for yourself,” Deathbringer said and they took off, heading towards the audience chamber. Every beat of her wings sent a white pink shiver through her body as it strained her bladder. A vine broke loose and she ducked beneath. She gasped as the sudden movement forced a few drops of urine to leave her bladder.

Maybe she should admit it, grasp onto the next tree and paint the bark a deep yellow. The mere idea had her lose another few drops. She could command them all to forget it afterward. She was the Queen, they had to obey- These were the Rainwings she was talking about. They’d tell everybody that queen Glory had them forget that she pissed on a tree. No, that wasn’t an option.

Deathbringer turned right, away from the route to the audience chamber. “Don’t worry, I had them brought to my secret audience chamber,” he said.

“You have a secret audience chamber now?”

“You could also call it my new hut.”

A few endless minutes later Deathbringer’s hut came into view. A standard weave of vines and twigs, built into the side of a big tree. To her surprise it had a sizeable sunspot outside, the builders had probably forgotten that he didn’t need one.

Glory found no sign of any dragon waiting for them. No guards, nothing. Deathbringer flicked his tail. “To your positions,” he commanded her invisible guard. A slight fluttered in the air and they had all gone.

Deathbringer landed first barged inside with no introduction, nothing. Just who was waiting for them? Why the secrecy? Glory landed outside and forced her scales to take on a royal mix of emerald green and blue. Her left leg twitched against her will as her bladder protested against waiting any longer. A sweet flowery scent wafted from the hut.

She stepped through the thick entrance vines and exhaled in amusement. Her scales turned an amused yellow. “What are you doing?” she laughed and desperately clenched her legs as another drop found its way to the floor.

Deathbringer lay on a massive leaf bed with some kind of pinkish flower in his mouth. Petals lined the way from the entrance to the bed.

“Really? Are you trying to be romantic? This is unexpected, if not embarrassing,” Glory said and wiped the petals sticking to her claws.

“I’m saving you from your boring party. You know I’ve been planning this. Like my new hut? It has a queen sized bed unlike the “royal” chamber. I had some ideas on how to do this. But I reckoned kidnapping you would be a bad idea. And aren’t these flowers romantic?” He asked and played with one of the petals. His smile turned to a smirk.

“They aren’t. You might’ve noticed the sweet scent that’s slowly numbing your muscles. And that the sour juice earlier was indeed a little poisonous. A diuretic.” A flash of pain shot over his face.

“What ARE you doing?” Glory hissed. Her legs shook unmistakably as her rock hard bladder pushing against her fading strength.

“Because I know you like it. Don’t think I didn’t notice those streaks of pink dancing around your stomach whenever you hold it past a reasonable time. You enjoy being pushed to your limit don’t you?” he smiled and she returned it.

“You can go kiss my ass. This was a setup,” she squirmed and the suppressed flashes of pink became obvious.

“With pleasure. But-” he stopped mid sentence and jumped off the bed, legs clenched together.

“I see how it is,” Glory said and stepped up to him. “You are trying to prove that you can hold on longer than I can. That was a terrible plan.”

They both stood facing each other, trembling, faces contorted in pain. A hot knife slid through her insides.

“These flowers are a bit much aren’t they?” Deathbringer said and took a waddling step towards her. “Why don’t we both go at the same time, so nobody loses?” he asked and Glory nodded reluctantly. That was a compromise the was fine with right now.

“On three,” she said. “One, two, three.” She clenched her floodgates, barring them their promised release. Deathbringer did the same.

“That worked out like expected,” he laughed. Glory pounced forwards and tackled the surprised Deathbringer. They rolled through the petals until he came to a stop with Glory sitting on top of him.

Her muscles burned and she smiled down at him. “I’m not sorry,” she said and slumped down on top of him as all her muscles relaxed.

“Likewise,” Deathbringer cooed. Hot liquid spread between them and it was impossible to tell who had given in first. An orgasmic sense of relief and comfort flooded Glory’s mind as she nestled her head down next to Deathbringer’s. “Ohhhh,” she moaned in relief. Her thick stream drummed against his belly and his steadily climbed higher up her thigh like a steaming hot tongue.

Their combined lakes spread below Deathbringer, pooling in his outstretched wings and seeping through the weaved floor. The flowing warmth trapped between them was unlike anything she had felt before. She didn’t want her stream to die down, but it did. His was going strong, now aiming straight past her side and hitting her wing.

“Aren’t you enjoying this a little too much?” Glory asked when her sense of relief died down enough to form a coherent sentence.

“Have you seen your color? I didn’t know you could reach that vibrant shade of pink,” he answered. All she could do was smile. Her insides burned with pleasure, twitching as she slid over his soft scales to sit back up. The last remnants of his stream rolled down her inner thigh and tickled her.

She inspected her surroundings. They were both a steaming hot mess. The sharp scent in the air sent waves of pleasurable pink down her sides.

“As your queen, you are the one responsible for the cleanup,” Glory said. She smirked and a mischievous yellow mixed into the vibrant pink. “And as punishment for misleading me, you’ll use your tongue. You’ll start with me.”

“As you wish my queen,” Deathbringer said and bowed slightly upwards.

A twig cracked in one of the windows and they both spun around. “I, uh, forgot my position,” a voice whispered.

“That was the code for leaving us alone until tomorrow,” Deathbringer sighed. Glory turned a shocked bright green and then switched to camouflaging herself.

“Great, now I’m an exhibitionist,” Deathbringer murmured.

“You do not mention what happened here to anyone, ever! If you do I’ll take away your sun time for a month, am I clear!” Glory shouted at the poor Rainwing switching colors like a deranged rainbow.

“Yes,” they whimpered and vanished.

A few seconds of silence passed until Glory reappeared, the pink slightly faded.

“The party is still going. How about a rematch on my terms, after a bath?” she suggested.

“I do like my odds of winning.”

