[Lea series] Chapter 3: Upside Down

Author: Thunder

*000*2021-02-05 10:24

Hello everyone,

Here is the second chapter of the series featuring Lea. This one comes just after the first and second so I would recommend you read it before:

Hello everyone,

Here is the third chapter of the series featuring Lea. It takes place just after the first two, so I would recommend you read them before.

Enjoy!

___

She hopped on the passenger seat of the Range Rover. Her only will was to get home, take a shower and forget about that special day. She hadn’t wet herself since she was 6 and now, she had done it twice in one day. She wasn’t sure the Guinness book had a category for that, but she would certainly get the record.

The first fifteen minutes were uneventful, her manager was as always talking about stuff she didn’t care about and she was nodding here and there and laughing when expected. Her bladder was still full, as she hadn’t been able to empty it completely while standing in the grass, and she could feel her muscles being tired by all the efforts they had produced during the day. She was very worried that she would pee in her manager’s car, but there were only fifteen minutes left and she was determined to make it.

She did not see what happened. She heard a cry, a bumping noise and one second after she was upside down. She turned her head towards her manager, which also was upside down. In fact, the whole world was upside down. Or maybe it was just the car. Yes, it definitely was the car. “Oh my God, Lea, are you injured?” he asked. She didn’t feel any pain. She looked at her arms, legs, and if you except the fact she was upside down, and needing to pee like crazy, she was fine. “No, not at all, and you?”, she answered. “Doesn’t seem so. I don’t know what hit us. Now we’re hanging there. Can you reach your seatbelt?” he asked. She tried to stretch her arm, but to no avail: “no, I can’t”.

“Well, fuck. Fortunately, I can reach my phone. I’m gonna call 911”.

The operator answered that the emergency services would be there in less than fifteen minutes. Lea tried to calm down but also had to clench her bladder muscles to prevent herself from peeing. Fortunately for her, her skirt still covered her butt and pussy but if she peed right now, she would take an unwanted shower… The silliness of the situation, a decompensation from the accident, or a mix of both, made her laugh. Her manager began laughing with her and boy was it good to evacuate the stress. But there was something else evacuating… Lea felt a warm jet of pee escaping her pussy lips, going up and down like a fountain and flowing on her bush, her ass, and slowly down her legs. She immediately stopped laughing and tried to cross her legs but couldn’t quite stop peeing and leaks continued to escape her, dampening the inside of her skirt and slowly trickling down her back and her belly.

“What’s up?”, asked her manager, turning his head towards her to see why she stopped laughing so abruptly. “I’m peeing myself”, she answered, and resumed laughing as a full jet of pee rose from her pussy, just high enough to poke out the edge of her skirt and flowed back towards her. She peed freely for nearly one minute, feeling the warmth of her urine on her belly, her back and even on her neck, her hair bathing in a pool of her own pee. She couldn’t believe it: she was giving herself a golden shower barely one meter away from her manager, who was laughing even more. Her pussy and ass were totally wet, so was her skirt, and her blouse had become see-through, but she didn’t care.

The emergency services were taken aback when they discovered the upside-down car, and on board, one man and one fully wet woman laughing their heads off.

