Holly's Holding

Author: Trickling Down

*000*2016-11-17 15:34

Holly woke up that morning with that familiar feeling in her nether regions, having not used the bathroom since she got back from school the previous day and drinking coke and hot chocolate before bed. She stayed under the covers for a few more minutes, as any high schooler would do, savouring the warmth of her blankets and enjoying the sensation of her bladder, squirming to the fullness below, her legs together and sometimes crossing. Eventually, she got out of bed and walked to the bathroom to make herself presentable for school.

While in the shower, Holly constantly pee danced, sometimes rubbing her thighs together, other times stepping on the spot, as the warm running water surrounding her augmented her need to urinate. She survived her shower without letting out a drop, however, and wrapped herself in a towel, and her blonde hair in a separate towel, before brushing her teeth with her legs crossed. After that agony, she contemplated using the toilet, but instead the pleasure of her bladder took over. Instead of peeing now, she would try and hold it until she got to school, and since her bus was rarely early, she might even hold it through her first class, complete with a teacher who didn't let anyone out. Yeah, she thought.

"Oi! Get out! I need to get ready!"

The shouting, along with copious door banging, shifted Holly out of her trance.

"Get out already!"

"Gimme a second, Zara!"

Holly adjusted the towel around her, and then opened the door, at which moment she was immediately pushed by a frantic Zara.

"Zara!"

"Get out! I'm gunna pee myself!"

"That explains the crossed legs and kangaroo jumping."

"Just go!"

"Okay, okay."

Holly, after adjusting her towel again, left her older sister and went to her room and took her uniform, a dark yellow dress, out of her closet while she half danced on her feet and laid it on her bed before sitting down and attempting to cross her legs. Her towel, however, was too tight so she had to remove it, exposing her still developing breasts, and then cross her legs. For good measure, her bladder forced her to lean forward for a few seconds. She stayed there for a couple of minutes, wriggling around on her bed, until...

"Hey Holly."

Holly immediately shielded her boobs from the smiling nine year old Penny who had just opened the door and was now jumping and dancing in her doorway.

"Oh my god! Penny! Get out!"

"Why?"

"Er, look at me. Also, why are you so jumpy! Do you need to pee?"

Penny shook her head, while Holly wiggled again at the sight of her obviously desperate sister.

"Sure, Penny."

Holly gave a smirk to her, and then bundled her out of the room while shielding herself with her towel. Closing the door behind her, she bent down and held herself for a few seconds and then finally put her dress on. She then got out the optional school issued belt and put it on, wincing just before it got to her usual hole. Holly, being her naughty self, tightened it two more holes just to torture herself, and then went to the kitchen to make breakfast.

While Holly was waiting for her toast to pop up, she got an empty water bottle and filled it up, the running water causing her to dance on the spot in desperation. When the bottle was full, she chugged the whole thing until it was finished for the sole purpose of filling her already stressed bladder. By this time, her toast popped up, so she spread some Nutella on it, made some iced coffee, and went to the lounge to eat while watching TV, her legs tightly crossed. Soon after, Penny joined her, now wearing a t-shirt and jeans, but just as jumpy as before and now with her hand in her crotch.

"Penny, go to the bathroom," Holly pleaded. "You're gunna wet yourself."

"No I'm not."

"Yes you are."

"I don't wanna go to the bathroom."

"Suit yourself."

They sat there watching TV and eating breakfast, Holly with her legs entwined together, Penny sitting on her feet and squirming uncontrollably with one hand permanently at her crotch. Eventually, Holly finished her breakfast and went to the kitchen to pack her lunch. Standing up made it harder to keep control of her bladder and now she had to keep moving or else she would be on the verge of wetting herself, but that is exactly how Holly liked it. She liked it so much, in fact, that after packing her lunchbox, she filled another bottle up and chugged it.

"You're thirsty," Zara questioned.

"Gotta stay hydrated."

"True that. You're also kinda fidgety. Hey, you need to pee, don't ya."

"No."

Zara raised an eyebrow at Holly.

"You don't want to pee. But you definitely need to pee."

"I like how it feels."

Zara laughed.

"Hey! You like it too!" Holly retorted, before crossing her legs and bending down for a few seconds.

"Alright, I do too. How long you planning to hold it?"

"Until first class."

"You know you'll never get to pee before first class."

"Well, I'll just have to hold it longer and suffer the amazing feeling I have right now."

Penny suddenly ran in to the kitchen with her plate in one hand and her crotch in the other and then attempted to pour some juice into a glass, which required both hands. She resorted to tightly crossed legs and vigorous movement in her attempt to hold it in, but this, along with her relative lack of height, prevented her from successfully pouring the juice, so Zara had to pour it for her. Penny then drank the whole glass in one go, with a hand back in her crotch and tightly crossed legs, and ran back to the couch to watch TV and squirm.

Holly took the water bottle she left in the fridge the previous night and put that and her lunchbox in her bag, before uncrossing her own legs and going to the bathroom to do her hair. When she came back, she noticed that Penny was now holding with both hands.

"Penny," Zara said, "bring your bag here. Our bus is almost here, so yours will be here soon."

Penny hobbled over to her bag and brought it over to Zara, who put Penny's lunchbox and water bottle inside while Penny was pee dancing and holding with both hands. Zara then offered Penny more juice, which Penny accepted and then gulped down. The three sisters then made their way to the door, and Zara and Holly stepped outside, but Penny suddenly ran back inside, both hands still in her crotch.

"You think she leaked?" Zara asked.

"Yep."

"Our bus will be here in, like, two minutes. Should we leave her?"

"Nah."

Penny came back a few minutes later, no longer holding herself and now in a new pair of jeans. Holly, meanwhile, was bending down with her legs crossed every so often.

"Did you wet yourself, Penny?" Zara asked.

"A little," Penny responded.

"Aww, that's okay. Let's go now. I can see our bus coming."

The three walked around the corner to the bus stop, and the high school bus approached them. Holly and Zara got on and said goodbye to Penny, whose primary school bus would arrive a few minutes later. They found a seat near the back, and Holly tightly crossed her legs upon sitting down.

"Good luck walking to class without anyone noticing," Zara said.

"I'll be fine."

"You sure?"

"Yeah. Besides, this feels too good to let go."

"You won't be thinking that by the end of class, though."

They talked about other stuff for the remainder of the half hour bus ride, like homework and boys, but Holly's bladder was still at the forefront of her thoughts. When they finally arrived at school, Holly was fidgeting on her seat. The sisters waited for everyone else to get off the bus before they got off the bus themselves, and Holly bent down and crossed her legs as she stepped out. Within seconds of the bus leaving again, the bell rang and Holly and Zara hugged each other goodbye, Holly's bladder wincing at the pressure. Holly attempted to walk normally, but found she had to keep her legs together to avoid leakage. This made her slower and, more importantly, more conspicuous as she walked to form class, which was literally 25 minutes of announcements and handing out forms.

When she arrived, she went to her usual seat next to her friends Hannah and Lauren, and yet again entwined her legs. The friends talked about random things, and Holly's plight seemed to go unnoticed, and by the time form class had ended, she had drank half her bottle of water. With her bladder now even fuller, it was harder to walk without showing signs of desperation, but Holly managed to do so, even stopping at a water fountain so she could drink the rest of her bottle and refilled it. The sound and sight of running water made her spasm and she quickly brought her legs together before crossing them and risking looking desperate. When she got to class, the bell rang and she took a seat next to her friend Jasmine, and by now crossing her legs when seated was a default setting.

"Hi Jasmine!"

"Hey Holly!"

"What was your answer for Question 9?

"This."

Holly showed Jasmine her homework, and Jasmine copied it down before the teacher could collect it. As the teacher was collecting the homework, Holly felt a twinge in her bladder and had to resist putting her hand in her crotch, and she loved the feeling.

"Today, we will be learning some new French words," the teacher announced, and started introducing words which most of the class didn't know. Holly, however, could actually speak decent French, so she was learning essentially nothing. She soon zoned out and started thinking about other things, her bladder coming to the forefront as the minutes ticked by, and also became more sleepy.

"Holly, what's the word for candle? Holly. Holly!" Jasmine whispered.

"Oh, hey. What?"

"What's candle?"

"Oh. Bougie."

"Thanks. Oh, I got some energy drinks. Want one?"

"Yeah, okay."

Holly figured the drink would keep her awake, if not from the caffeine, then from her filling bladder, which was already causing her to fidget. The drink did indeed keep her more alert, but after twenty or so minutes, her need to pee became much worse, and she was now considering using a hand to help her cause. Eventually, after copious wriggling and the odd bending forward, she had no choice but to do so. Now Holly was no longer at risk of leaking, but she could still feel her pee entering her urethra, teasing her. At least she could focus properly on the lesson, not that she really needed to anyway. The teacher was now calling people up to write phrases on the board, and Holly was looking at their poor attempts to write French.

"Look at this shit, Jazz!"

"I know, right?"

"I wonder what it must be like to have not seen French until now?"

"Who knows?"

"This is merde."

Holly and Jasmine laughed, which caused Holly to let a few drops out, and continued looking at their struggling classmates. Soon after however, Holly was called up. She now had to walk up to the whiteboard without her fellow students knowing that she was close to wetting herself. She stood up very gingerly, her legs remaining crossed until she was upright, and slowly walked down to the front, keeping her legs close together.

She then translated the teacher's sentence from English into perfect French on the board, no one the wiser that she was leaking drops the whole time. Strangely, Holly quite liked the feeling of almost wetting herself and secretly wished she could stand there until the end of the lesson, but instead, to the slight relief of her bladder, she went back to her seat. Her hands, however, did not go back into her crotch. She resisted holding herself, letting her nether regions be teased to no end, and suddenly feeling thirsty, Holly downed the rest of her water bottle. Again. She had now consumed four bottles of water before 10:00 and, having skipped her morning pee, was paying the price.

"Do you need to pee, Holly?"

"Yeah."

"How bad?"

"Pretty bad."

"I gotta go real bad as well."

"Really?"

"Yeah."

Holly hadn't noticed until now, but Jasmine had recently put both hands into her crotch. Meanwhile, her own squirming was now uncontainable, and she could only hope no one apart from Jasmine would notice.

Another ten minutes passed, and Holly was now starting to leak every so often. She loosened her belt by two notches to reduce the pressure, but it did nothing to stop the urine already in her urethra from teasing her. Meanwhile Jasmine was starting to rock back and forth, and watching her open desperation was accentuating Holly's need, and she was actively resisting holding her crotch, partly to avoid detection, mostly because it felt so good to keep her hands away. There were still fifteen minutes until the lesson ended, however, and Holly was unsure if she could keep it in without using her hands. Soon after, a significant leak answered her question. She attempted to stop the flow by squeezing her legs tighter and wiggling round, but she was forced to bring her hand down when the flow didn't stop, and Holly now couldn't let go of her crotch. Now Holly could only hope that the bell would ring before her hands were no longer enough.

"Oh my god. I have to pee so bad," whispered Jasmine.

"I can see that."

"You don't look so good either."

"I have to pee worse than you."

"No you don't. I'm gunna wet myself in, like, ten minutes."

"Good thing the bell rings in ten minutes, then."

"I'm not gunna make it."

"Sure you will."

"I sure hope so."

"Also, stop rocking like that. Everyone's looking at you."

"Like they aren't looking at you too."

"Well you look like a doofus, so they're looking at you more."

"Hey!"

The two friends by now were far too occupied by their bladders to pay any attention to the French, or their classmates attempts at it, on the board, and were now waiting for the lesson to end, and after another ten minutes, each slower than the last, the bell for break finally rang. Jasmine bolted off as soon as they were released, but Holly stayed back, being forced to take great care on standing up, and upon doing so her bladder leaked, forcing her to grip her crotch to stop the flow.

Only after she regained control could Holly exit the room, and even then she was half walking, half hobbling, her legs not daring to part, and once in the hallway she couldn't use her hands as that would give her away, and she didn't want to follow Jasmine's example. By the time she found a bathroom, she was leaking regularly, and to make matters worse all the cubicles were taken. At least now in the bathroom she could use her hands again. In the agonising minutes she had to stand, or rather dance, there, however, pee was starting to drip down her legs. Holly knew she couldn't wait any longer, and yet the sensation of being seconds from wetting herself felt so good to her.

I wish I could hold this longer and just wet myself, she thought. Besides, I never pee unless I really really have to anyway.

Then finally, a door opened, and Holly waddled in. She still had to release her hands to undo her belt and lift her dress up, though. Undoing her belt proved to be far harder under duress than it was normally, and with no hands holding back the flood inside her, pee was now running down her legs and she had to stop it from reaching her shoes. Her belt finally came undone and Holly lifted her dress and sat on the toilet, and she released a torrent into it. It took at least two minutes for her bladder to empty, and it was two minutes of ecstasy for her.

*006*2016-12-05 16:12

Hey guys, thanks for the nice comments. I'll probably make sequels, but you'll have to wait a while. Cheers :)

