Dean and Castiel Omorashi - Castiel as the victim :)

Author: the morningstar

*000*2013-11-27 03:27

Sorry if I'm not using the tags right. I figured I would just list every relevant element! I never thought I would ever actually share this online. It was just a request for a friend, who I shared with in private. Now that I'm here though, might as well share with the rest of you. :)

This is for fans of Supernatural, and for those of you who like "Destiel." No smut (so no sex or gestures of sexual intent) - just a short hurt/comfort type ficlet that's straight to the point!

Summary: In the fallen angel's struggles with his new-found human functions, Castiel finds desperation to relieve himself while he and Dean are making their way home in the Impala. When Cas finds a way to express to Dean that he won't be able to hold it much longer, they stop at the nearest gas station. Dean discovers that Cas had leaked before he could get his pants undone, and Dean comforts his friend in the way that he knows how.

###

Dean and Castiel had just finished working on a hunt not too long ago. They were riding in the Impala, and Dean was jamming out to the riff of an 80's glam rock song. The two were still a ways back from the bunker where Sam was; Dean had insisted Sam stay there because he needed resting after the trials had taken such a heavy toll on him.

As Dean was well into the song on the radio, beating the steering wheel with his hand to the beat and all, Castiel was staring thoughtfully out the window. He wounded his hand in an encounter with an angry spirit, and all he could think about was how the pain stung and that he just wasn't used to his new human needs at all.

Castiel felt a growing pressure in his bladder, and his mind began focusing on it over the pain in his hand. The need was growing so quickly due to the caffeine drink he downed earlier in order to keep energized - he hasn't gotten acclimated to the whole sleeping thing yet.

The fallen angel rested one hand on his thigh, and his fingers on the other hand picked nervously at the gauze tape wrapped around his wound. Out of growing desperation, his foot pivoted inwards.

Dean turned down the radio after his song was finished, and he tossed Cas a quick glance. "Hey Cas - you know, I was thinking earlier about what I said before." He cleared his throat. "Way before," he corrected. "...You don't suck. I know that that's what I said to you on a hunt before, but, well, I wanna take it back. I'm sorry. You did good tonight."

Cas looked at Dean when he spoke, even though they weren't holding eye contact since Dean had to keep his eyes on the road. "You don't need to apologize, Dean," Cas said. He's gotten accustomed to how Dean dealt with his stress. Sometimes that included accidentally insulting Cas or Sam even when he didn't mean to. Dean argued with Sam all the time, but that didn't mean he didn't love Sam. Other times, Dean used humor and sarcasm as a coping mechanism for the every-day stress of their hunting lifestyle. "I understand." His voice was in his usual stoic tone, but there was an edge to it.

Cas cleared his throat, and his shoulders began to tense. With an almost inaudible, sharp sigh, he tried to subtly push his legs together. As subtle as it was, Dean took one glance at him and sensed his tension. "What is it, Cas?" Dean inquired.

"Um... Dean... Is there a gas station or anything near by?" He tried to keep calm, and he pushed his legs together even tighter while planting one hand on the seat space at his side.

"You need to go to the bathroom? There's a gas station about five minutes from here," he explained. "Can you wait?"

"Uhhh... Yeah, I think I'll be able to manage it," Cas said, his voice quavering just very slightly.

Dean picked up his speed a little bit - nobody was around so he could get away with pushing it slightly more over the speed limit. The tension in Cas's desperate gestures told Dean that Cas probably wouldn't be able to wait that long at all. Plus, having just gotten acquainted with human needs, Dean suspected that his angel friend in distress would probably have trouble keeping control of himself while his bladder was at capacity.

A few moments passed and lights began shining in the short distance - they were almost out of the woods, and the gas station would be right at the perimeter of the town. Cas slumped down in his seat and fought against performing more embarrassing, desperate gestures like crossing his legs.

Dean patted Cas's shoulder once in a gentle effort to comfort him. "Hey, we're almost there. The gas station is just up ahead." Cas looked at him almost pleadingly while Dean spoke.

Soft grunts escaped past Castiel's lips as the struggle worsened. Short-lived relief swelled in his chest as they pulled up into the small parking lot, but he was afraid he was going to leak. His eyes began tearing up.

The Impala was an older model so Dean didn't have a small pad on his door from which he could control all four of the doors' windows and locks. He supported himself by briefly resting one hand on Cas's shoulder and he leaned across him to unlock his door for him. "Alright," Dean said as he and Cas exited the car.

Cas looked briefly down at his feet as his hands flew between his legs. He could feel it coming, and if he didn't double-time it to the restroom, he would have an accident for sure. Dean appeared at his side and observed Cas's desperate gestures. Cas said needingly, "Dean, I think I'm going to leak..." Dean rested his hand on the fallen angel's back to lead him to the bathroom in back. "It's okay. Come with me," Dean tried to reassure.

They were in the back hallway and out of sight of the cashier finally, and Cas fought against his eyebrows trying to furrow in desperation. It began coming out in small squirts in his pants, and Cas's throat began tensing up as well as his shoulders even more. He simply couldn't wet himself right in front of Dean, but the small patch of wet on the front of his pants mocked him.

Dean went inside with him where there were stalls and urinals. Cas was so unbelievably embarrassed that he rushed into the hidden comfort of a stall instead of using the urinal. His hands flew to the fly of his pants where he began anxiously fumbling with the zipper. As he got his zipper down, he leaked once more, and he shifted his weight from foot to foot. Not being used to human needs and habits at all, he accidentally pulled his pants down a little too far, but he was finally able to relieve himself.

Cas shut his eyes and exhaled slowly and silently as desperation slowly turned into relief. It took him what seemed like a long moment, and when he was finally finished, he pulled up his pants and flushed. Tears were trying to escape from his eyes, and he opened the stall door and came out where Dean was waiting, where Dean would inevitably notice his slightly wet pants.

He tried so hard not to cry. He felt so worthless and needy already, but now his urinary incompetence added on to the stress and made it several times worse than it needed to be. After all that's happened, Cas had the last straw and he was ready to break down. He pursed his lips to keep them from quavering, his eyebrows furrowed, and he looked up to the ceiling in a last effort to prevent gravity from spilling his tears down his face.

By that time, Dean noticed what happened and he realized Cas was trying to internalize his emotions, but to no avail. Cas knew what he must have looked like to Dean and he gave up - his head ducked down and tears spilled down both sides of his face, and quiet sobs wracked his chest slightly.

"Hey..." Dean said gently. He stepped closer to Cas so that they were face to face, and Dean comfortingly rested his hands on both of his friend's arms near his shoulders. "Cas, it's fine, everything's okay," Dean tried to assure. Cas couldn't bring himself to look at Dean - he stared at Dean's feet and at the floor while more and more tears came.

"I'm sorry, Dean," Cas said, his words strung tight with breaks in his voice due to the painful lump in his throat from crying. He was always sorry lately for being such a failure, both on the large and small scales.

"Hey man, you don't need to be sorry, it's not like you did it on purpose," Dean said. He wrapped his arms around Cas's back and rubbed gently, and Cas cried into Dean's shoulder quietly for a couple of moments. "We'll get you back to the bunker where you can get yourself cleaned up, and then we'll crack open some beers like nothing ever happened," Dean said as he pulled away from their embrace.

Cas's crying ceased and he nodded, his hands having nothing to do at his sides. Dean scratched his chin in thought, and he stepped closer again to button up Cas's trenchcoat. "There. Now nobody will even have to know," Dean said, giving him a little wink with a smile.

"Thank you, Dean..." said Cas in his usual tone of voice. He mentally kicked himself for having taking Dean's friendship for granted once before. He'd never doubt their friendship again.

"Don't mention it," said Dean. "Now let's head out - Sam should be making progress on research for that spell." He spoke like nothing had ever happened, which was just what Cas needed for more comfort. The two made their way outside to the car and headed to the bunker which they could both call "home."

*002*2013-11-27 06:04

Ahhhh, thank you so much! *hugs* You're so nice!! It really makes my night that you enjoyed this! I do like the pairing as friends or in a brotherly kind of way. I actually do not like ANY pairings in a romantic or sexual way, to be honest! I think it's because I'm a graysexual, and I just can't ever get into any smut.

Writing Destiel fanfiction isn't something I would go out of my way to do. BUT, I'm willing to make an exception for you since you liked this one so much. If you have a short omorashi request, or any ideas in specific you'd like to see, lay them on me and I'll think about doing them. If I write any more Destiel omorashi, I'll just throw it in this thread! :)

*005*2013-11-28 02:09

Sunny: Aaaaah, you're graysexual too?? So nice to see another one. <3 Thank you so much for the sweet compliment, that really means a ton. I'm happy you liked it. I'll see if I can write more of this! :)

Fishflakes: Awww, thank you so much *hugs* I hope I write more stuff, too! It's so hard to get myself motivated, so I hope I can find my inspiration. I'll definitely post my work right away in this topic if I decide to write more!!

*007*2013-12-03 09:29

Awww, thank you!! Pfft, you guys are all so sweet. I'm real glad this is being enjoyed by other Supernatural fans on here. If any of you have any little omorashi ideas, feel free to lay them on me and I'll think about doing them. I am a fan of Sam and Lucifer as well, much more so than Dean and Cas, so if you have ideas for that too they're also welcome~ Just leave me a message if you have ideas you wanna share or even if you just wanna fangirl with me about the show. :D <3

