Mother and Daughter of Puddles (Contains a lot of dragons)

Author: Themaster258

*000*2023-09-17 17:30

It has been a while and tbh, I just forgot to post those here. Dragons and omo is a great combo in my opinion, powerful creatures, powerful bladders and a lot of pride. Seeing how I wrote a bit of Wings of fire fanfic, time to add more fanfic from far more vague and unknown stories. Silver, Sand, and Silver Wings this time, because Sylph should pee on the floor, not on her terms of course.

Nahana stopped right at the exit of the bath. Her ears flicked in the corridor’s direction, intently listening. Sylph followed to the door, but Nahana’s tail flipped upwards, her frills expanding like a barrier to stop Sylph from leaving.

“What now? Do you want me to show you all of my ability? I already did.” It was a lie, yet surrounded by enough truth to satisfy her mother. How her ability affected her inner workings was not something she needed to know.

Or it should have been. An odd, terrifying, excited glimmer flickered over Nahana’s stern features. “I want you to show me something more. But not your ability.”

Sylph paused on the warm stones and steadied her tail and legs. There was no doubt in her mind that whatever would follow was further punishment, but imagining what it would be turned out to be hard.

“Piss.” The command was as harsh as it was odd, but if she had realized one thing, it was that Nahana did not joke and still she suspected she misheard the singular word.

“What?”

“Do not pretend you did not understand me.” Nahana’s gaze slimmed to mere points. “You have been so keen to use your bladder as an excuse. Now I doubt your continence.” Her mouth curled into a wicked smile. “I want you to spread your legs and piss right here, right now, so you don’t need to excuse yourself later today.”

This was what Nahana aimed for. To humiliate her, but she would not let herself be brought low by her any longer. She no longer cared what her mother thought. In a different situation, she would’ve rejoiced at the opportunity to dirty her floor, especially on purpose.

Sylph placed her hind legs shoulder wide apart. Huffing in stubborn defiance, she did not even bother to position herself before she relaxed her hold on her bladder, all the while facing her mother straight on.

A gentle but firm stream pattered directionless onto the light rocks below, tinting them with a golden puddle that ran away on the slanted rock and into the bath. It lasted only a few seconds, but Nahana seemed satisfied with her display.

“Now come, it is time for breakfast.”

###########

Breakfast was not something she had expected after the events of today. Although the observed nature break marked one of the oddest events to date, it did not result in anything more than Nahana’s amusement.

They passed through the palace’s corridors and entered a dining room she had not seen before. Thus far, they had dined while lounging on her throne and she figured that was how Nahana usually dined.

The low but heavy set table was empty, but on a second, higher and longer counter in the back stood a vast array of colorful fruits and bread. Biscuit, the Sol with pale-yellow scales with brown specks, sat ready to serve.

Not wanting to aggravate Nahana by storming ahead to the food, Sylph sat down on her mat without a word and waited for what happened next.

Nahana waited until she raised her voice, for so long in fact that Biscuit grew restless in the tension that Sylph brushed off. “Serve us.”

Biscuit bowed, figuring he had made a mistake. “What would you like to eat, Mistress?”

Nahana smacked her mouth close. “I have provided you a list last night, did I not?”

“Sorry.” Biscuit lowered his head and frantically twisted around, looking for whatever list she spoke of. He sucked in a surprised gasp and muttered a thanks as he spotted the grubby piece of paper below the breadbasket. He balanced two bowls the length of his entire forearm on one pfod as he made his way to the table.

Flourishing an even larger pitcher, he filled their bowls with what Sylph assumed to be some kind of cloudy juice. The serving size seemed oddly large and a quick gaze confirmed her bowl was the size of Nahana’s.

“Adult bowls for the adult daughter.”

Even though Sylph was an adult, anything adult sized referred to dragons aged forty and beyond, this aimed only to tease her.

Nahana cracked a smile. “Do not worry, we lack smaller toasting bowls,” Nahana raised hers up to her horns. She had served her a smaller bowl just fine a day ago. Something seemed off.

Her hesitation did not go unnoticed. “This is another tradition you will get used to. These bowls are the exact size to hold the amount a pearl cactus provides. It is rude to not empty it when provided as it shows a lack of trust in your host. Do not embarrass me by not following our traditions when we dine with guests.”

Nahana raised her bowl again, this time with energetic emphasis. Sylph followed her lead, and they both emptied their respective drinks. It took Nahana a few gulps and Sylph several more. The cactus juice tasted quite bland, but had hints of apple. She could’ve used her ability and be done with it, but if Nahana noticed, she would be in more trouble.

Biscuit served them various bite-sized pieces of juicy fruits and every few slices, there was a small serving of rye bread. He also brought forth a smaller bowl that fit comfortably in one pfod, but her thirst had been more than sated.

Small bite followed small bite and along with the meaningless small talk, the minutes dragged by as quick as snails over salt.

After a short eternity, Biscuit placed down the decorated large bowls once more, this time filling only half of it with what Sylph assumed to be wine.

“Is this another custom? Day drinking?” Sylph snorted.

Nahana stared her down. “This is not wine, but a combination of cherry and other imported berries. At the halfway mark of a proper breakfast, we drink to a profitable partnership.”

Sylph hesitantly lifted the bowl again. Did Nahana expect her to follow all of this when meeting guests? All these rituals seemed to involve drinking copious amounts and not even any alcohol that would make it interesting.

She took big gulps to keep up with her mother, and her stomach sloshed every time she swallowed. All that liquid also had a predictable effect on her bladder. First twinges reminded her it existed and indicated that it would like to be emptied soon. Thanks to her ability, she barely bothered with the urge anymore, displacing all fluids until the time was convenient.

The next bites involved melon. Sylph had never tried the enormous green balls of fruit before and was even more surprised that you did not eat the outer layer. The insides were almost crispy and cool, like a breeze of fresh air here in the stuffy desert.

The servings continued for a while longer and her urge to empty herself grew to a point where she might debate using the facilities or alleviating the need with her ability.

“I see that you have not touched your water.” Nahana pointed at the small bowl on her side.

“I am not thirsty.”

“Nonsense, you are in the desert now. Drink more than usual or risk dehydration.”

It was nonsense indeed. If anything, she was over hydrated after all these bowls and fruit.

Nahana pushed the bowl closer with her pfod. “Drink,” she demanded, and Sylph realized hydrating her to the point of discomfort might be her intention.

Sylph yanked the bowl upwards fast enough to spill a few drops and brought it to her snout. Without hesitation, she emptied it and when she placed the empty bowl down and wiped the stray drops away from her lips with the back of her pfod, she noticed her mother’s grin. The toothy grin was not an expression she had seen before, but it could mean nothing good.

Nahana raised her arm to signal Biscuit. “Leave us.” He nodded and vanished.

“You may wonder why we had this extensive breakfast today.” She raised herself from her mat and turned towards the corner opposite the buffet. “These are indeed our traditions, but even more so, this is to teach you.” She grabbed hold of a pink clay vase the size of Sylph’s foreleg, stepped to the window, and poured the contents down the side of the building.

“What are you doing with that?” Sylph eyed the now empty vase and imagined the worst ways it could be used.

Her mother cocked her head, smiled, and placed down the vase on the floor in front of her. “This one is not for you, little one.” She then stepped above the vase until it was below her lower stomach and squatted in an all too familiar position above it. Nahana of all dragons she knew was the last she’d expect to use a makeshift vase as her personal washroom. Meanwhile, her gaze told Sylph that any mention of this would cause an immediate termination of all that she loved if spilled to anybody else.

Nahana had no hesitations, and as soon as her slit hit the rim of the vase, she unleashed a roaring stream that crashed against the hollow clay.

Sylph tilted away as her own bladder whined, wishing it was her own thunderous stream instead. Not that she needed to see to know. Her ears turned towards the source by instinct alone.

The thrumming of water against clay turned to a hissing splash as the vase filled and the higher the contents rose, the higher pitched the sound became. It grew to a small crescendo as it approached the rim, and Nahana clamped down exactly before it overflowed. Even her nature break looked elegant and precise and Sylph figured this was not the first vase to be abused this way. “Much better,” she huffed, lifted the vase with both pfod and staggered to the window to empty it.

“Pearl cactus hits your bladder hard, doesn’t it?” A sadistic grin spread over her face as she assumed Sylph to suffer a much worse situation.

Sylph had not come to terms with what she had just witnessed. As the proud and elegant leader, Nahana never used the washroom at all. Not that Sylph had noticed. And while she clearly felt her bladder at all times now, that was it. It had endured far worse whenever she was out drinking and did not want to leave her spot. Whatever her mother wanted to prove, it would not work.

“No matter how stubborn you think you are, your body is not. I know you need to relieve yourself.” She placed the empty vase aside and instead grabbed a pfod sized vase from the windowsill and plucked out the purple orchid.

She gestured for Sylph to step forward. Every ounce of humiliation Nahana tried to afflict onto her would come back to bite her at some point. Sylph had no shame. Her mother wanted to embarrass her, to make her an obedient little dragon, but she did not care for her opinion. So when Nahana placed the vase provocatively on the floor, Sylph squatted down on top of it until the cold rim pressed at the right spots below her.

Before she let loose, Nahana lowered her head to be on her eye level, facing her with a furious expression. “Do not dare dirty my floor or face the full extent of my wrath.”

“No need,” Sylph hissed, and let out a slow and controlled stream into the vase. She was no stranger at all to doing her business in sneaky ways around town, or tavern, some times in, where the ability to aim your stream into narrow openings below a table came in mighty handy.

As she peed, she heard the small cavity fill much faster than she would’ve liked and when it reached the rim; she had half a bladder worth of cactus juice left. It pleaded with her to be let out via a series of stings as she clamped down on her urethra. The sensation grew uncomfortable, so Sylph moved her center of water down to her bladder and grabbed hold of its contents. But there was nothing to grab, only an odd hollow where her center ought to be. She had not overused her magic, nor had she done anything else.

“Something the matter, daughter?” Nahana’s sadistic smile reappeared, and a shiver raced down from the base of her horns to the tip of her tail. Nahana had tempered with her ability somehow. Suddenly, her bladder felt far fuller than before and the urge grew more intense by swelling panic alone.

“I did not expect you to actually fill it to the top. I thought it was a small bladder that kept you running for the washroom all the time. Evidently not.”

If only she knew how much was left. It was now clear that this was planned, but perhaps Nahana had expected her to break far earlier. Sylph swallowed any rising fear. “I’ve been known to hold my ale. Maybe that juice does not work on me at all.” She grabbed the vase and emptied it out of the window, as Nahana had done before, sneaking a glance down at the garden below. It had been a mistake to do so as she watched her own pale-yellow treasure spill freely downwards and it sent a jolt to her bladder. There was a great urge to use the vase again, but she knew she would be denied.

“Good,” Nahana said, as though she knew what Sylph debated with herself. “Remember that I am in charge and I decide when you relief yourself.” The threat seemed far more serious now than it did before without her ability. “We will now head into town to visit my favorite bath that is not mine.”

#########

Since Sylph lacked wings, they had to walk. After several minutes, she grew more and more aware of the effect of the juice. It had taken a while to set in, but now that it did its job, as Nahana predicted, she became uneasy. Nahana would not force her to have an actual accident, would she? It would reflect badly on her reputation, so she should avoid it at all costs. The hope that Nahana would let her go before that was a small hope to cling onto, but any hope was better than no hope.

Nahana herself seemed happier than usual. Perhaps she took great pleasure in seeing Sylph suffer, even though she did her very best to not show it at all.

No matter how straight Sylph tried to look ahead, every other step jolted her bladder like a small punch to her gut. Cultivated instincts from drunken nights perked up as they made their way down the cobbled path through town. They homed in on every dark alley and every crevice one could use to dispose of a pressing need without being seen.

She did not dare touch her stomach to confirm her suspicions, but there had to be a visible bulge that showed her discomfort to all that looked too closely. Her gaze strayed towards a tavern as they passed, to the small alley behind in particular. A conveniently placed blackboard with an advertisement for overflowing bowls of fresh ale hid it from view.

She could think of no worse or better piece of imagery to place in front of the so-called piss wall of a tavern. It was now or never. Sylph took a side step, then another, but Nahana turned around. “Something the matter, little one?”

It had been a terrible plan from the start. Even if they moved without a guard escort, Nahana was more than enough to keep track of her. Especially if that was her entire purpose today.

“I thought I heard something.”

Instead of passing it off as the lie she knew it was, she took the bait on purpose and headed straight into the alley where no mistress of a town should ever go.

Sylph’s bladder throbbed with excitement as she turned to follow, but it had the wrong idea and she had to use all her determination to keep it from emptying right where she stood. The darkened patches on the wall did not help, neither did the acrid smell. A first drop squeezed itself past her defenses and tickled the lips of her slit as she stared ahead and found herself snout first in places to relief her need that tempted her further with every second.

“Must’ve been nothing. This is merely a place for dragons with no self-control,” Nahana said. It was indeed, and Sylph wanted nothing more than to reject any form of control, to lift her tail and happily spray her troubles aimlessly over the wall.

Nahana turned back around but stopped as she passed Sylph to whisper words laced with poison. “You look a little fidgety. Is there something you want to ask?”

Sylph would not admit it to her mother, never. She’d rather risk an accident to embarrass them both than ask for permission for something this basic.

“Might’ve had a bit too much sugar today.”

“Oh well, not much further to the bath now.”

There were no worse words at the moment. Being surrounded by dry sand and desert heat left her mental capacity to focus on not spilling half a lake over her limbs. But having to see water, even the image in her head drove a painful stake up her lower body.

##########

It was a minor miracle her legs remained dry. Her muscles burned as though she had run around the entire island twice, but her scales were unsullied.

Nahana brushed aside the cloth that served as a door and Sylph had no mental capacity left to follow the pleasantries she and the Sol behind the counter exchanged. Her mind had found a singular thought to focus on. A bath meant water, meant being in the water, meant nobody minded a little extra hot water.

The owner lead them deeper inside and with each step, the rushing of water grew louder and louder and the promised satisfaction came closer and closer. She focused on taking one step after the other, slowly following Nahana into the private bath. The slanted basin was not at all as large as the baths below the palace, but all that mattered to her was the ability to submerge herself far enough to relief herself.

Nahana’s eyes never left Sylph as she stepped into the water. It covered her pfod, and her tail lashed behind her. Two steps further, it reached her knees, and she felt every ragged breath passing through her mouth, just a little more, a fraction to salvation.

“Stop,” Nahana said calmly and Sylph froze on the spot. She knew what Sylph attempted, and it had to be hard to not notice if she was any judge of her own body.

“A common dragon might piss in the bath, but you are better than that.”

The ocean inside exuded more pressure and Sylph’s hind legs tied themselves into a knot to put additional pressure against her slit. There was only one thing her body wanted, and it was not listening to Nahana’s objections. It had decided that it was time and the only reason Sylph held onto the fraction of control left was the fear of what Nahana had in mind if she did not.

“Besides, you have not asked for my permission at all. Do you have anything you want to ask of me?”

“I- I need to pee.” Dignity be damned. She had to go, and she had to go now. Her so stoic stance had turned into frantic little hops as her tail tucked itself between her crossed legs to add more pressure to her holding efforts.

Nahana heaved herself out of the deep end and onto the wooden walkway. “I was thinking the same thing. If that bulge on your abdomen is any indication, you are about to pop like a ripe grape.” She pulled open a door that Sylph had completely missed, even though the rushing water behind was hardly mistakable as it tortured her poor bladder with new and even more pressing sounds. A washroom. An appropriate place.

Her vision narrowed down to the one thing she wanted most. Pee. The solution, so clearly in view, filled her body with vigor as her swollen bladder threatened to burst at the seams with every step she took towards the walkway. She dragged herself up with her front legs and hopped upwards with her still crossed hind legs.

Each step of her pfod on the hard, textured wood sent a throb up her legs and into her bladder, every muscle inside her stomach was as rough as rock and the stinging and burning of her tortured reservoir made her hobbling motions a desperate race towards salvation.

She was but two tail lengths away as Nahana reached for her own belly and rubbed a small protrusion. “Watching you makes me all the more aware of my own need.” She turned around and stepped inside the washroom, the door still wide open. She would not dare. Nobody should threaten to do what she was about to do, but Sylph knew she would.

Nahana spread her legs apart, raised her tail, exhaled in relief and let loose. Her hot spray of urine disappeared into the small river behind her with ample force.

It was too much to see and hear.

Sylph’s muscles locked up, and the first hot eruption of urine punched against her frilled tail. It snaked down her crossed legs as a blazing trail and before it reached her paws, she felt her control slip again. A larger spurt escaped and coated her legs with an oddly comforting warmth.

She tried one last time to wrestle control back from her shivering muscles, but they did not react. More and more spurts raced down her legs and tail until finally, her damn burst.

Sylph stared dead ahead as her body failed her. The lake inside forced its way out of her urethra with such rapid urgency and strength that it bent the frills of her tail as though they were paper. The thunderous stream drowned out Nahana’s relief as it hit the wood below with such force that it sprayed as far and high as she was long.

Her mouth stood agape in a never ending gasp of bliss and pain as a continuous fountain erupted from between her thighs. Nothing mattered to her mind but the simple yet orgasmic joy of a deflating bladder. Nahana talked, scolded her perhaps, but she did not care. She was peeing and the unbroken gushing of several bladders worth of liquid had her moan and purr as waves of ebbing pain and distention drove her conscience to the edge of fading into sheer pleasure.

Her paws stood in a foamy puddle and her entire backside dripped with golden droplets, but she was beyond caring. Even if the entire world witnessed her disgrace, letting go was worth every second.

A minute of joyfully uncontrolled gushing, and powerful, hollow pulses from her underbelly later, the stream tapered off and even though her bladder was still decently filled, the sensation of it shrinking back down to manageable size was indescribably comforting.

“I am impressed you made it this far, but you went without my permission.” Nahana had reappeared from the washroom and watched Sylph’s now steady stream pound against the floor.

“T-this is,” Sylph struggled for words. On one pfod she was tired and would melt into any form of cushion at a moment’s notice, but on the other, her mind imagined her next punishment.

“Right, this is not good enough. You can not expect to sit through an entire formal breakfast with this level of control.” She peeked at the enormous and still growing puddle around Sylph.

“I doubt you could have held on longer. You are thrice my size and went twice.” Sylph unknotted her hind legs and spread them a little to give her weakening stream more freedom to hit the floor and not her knees. “You are expecting things from me you can not even achieve yourself.” It was a punishment, Sylph knew that much, but she would not stand Nahana pretending to be better.

“Mayhaps I should prove it to you later. For now, seeing how you did not ask permission in time, I should have you sit on a hatchling mat so you do not ruin your bed or my throne.”

It did not even sound like a bad idea to her. The ability to let go wherever she sat was tempting. At least until whatever Nahana did to her ability faded. Still deep in thought, as her bladder pressed the last drops through her slit, she barely caught the bucket thrown at her.

“You better clean up your mess before we leave. And yourself.”

