Wetting After A Wedding

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-01-04 22:12

I've been experiencing writer's block with this, and feeling more shy about posting my fantasies, but I'll try this again, if only for people who want to see the types of wettings involved. Contains male and female wetting. I don't usually do male but I thought I'd do a bit for the male omo lovers looking for more male content. Feeling pretty nervous about posting this, and I hope it's good enough for anyone into male or female wetting.

Also this will be fiction, not fan fiction, so none of the Equestria Girls that no one's interested in.

Wetting After A Wedding

Hector and Amber had just finished their wedding party, and were on their way to a cabin they had rented for their honeymoon, which was a few minutes outside a city just over an hour away from where they lived.

Hector was a handsome man with dark hair. He wore a black tuxedo he'd gotten for the wedding, and gray boxer briefs underneath. He was driving the car, which had a "Just Married" sign on the back for the occasion.

Amber was a beautiful woman with long blonde hair. She wore a white wedding dress that wasn't very puffy, and pink panties underneath.

They had drank a lot of punch at the wedding, and they had been so excited to get to their cabin that they had forgotten to use the bathroom before they left. They were feeling an urge to pee, and knew there was no gas station between their home city and the cabin. Fortunately, they had gotten the key to the cabin before the wedding, so as soon as they reached the cabin they could go in and use the bathroom. Hector had even offered to let Amber use the bathroom first and then pee outside, since no one would be around to witness it.

However, when they were approximately fifteen minutes away from the cabin, they hit a traffic jam that was lined as far as the eye could see. They had no idea what was happening, but they hoped it wouldn't last long. They were feeling their need to pee increase drastically so they couldn't sit still anymore.

"I really need to go!" said Amber, fidgeting in her seat and trying her hardest to hold it in.

"Me too," said Hector, holding himself. He had his car in Park so he didn't have to keep his foot on the brake.

A few minutes went by, and the traffic didn't budge an inch.

"Let's go find a bush we can go behind," said Hector.

Amber didn't like the idea of peeing outside, but it was preferable to wetting herself.

They were just about to open the doors when there was a flash of lightning, and it started to rain hard.

"Damn it," said Hector. "We can't go outside in this thunder."

"If only it was just rain," said Amber, blushing lightly as she was sure Hector knew what she was implying she'd do if it was.

"If only," said Hector, who was also thinking the same thing.

They saw a dark-haired girl in a green tank top and short, skintight black shorts step outside into the rain. She had a relieved expression on her face for about ten seconds, and then at the next flash of lightning, she ran back into her car, soaking wet.

"What a daredevil," said Hector. "Good thing she didn't get struck by lightning."

Amber groaned. The rain was making it harder to hold it. She fidgeted harder, trying to avoid soiling her wedding dress.

"Don't worry," said Hector. "It couldn't possibly last much longer. If there was an accident up ahead, they'll clear it out in no time."

"They'd better, or there'll be an accident in here soon," said Amber.

"Two accidents," Hector corrected her.

An hour went by. The cars didn't move, and the thunderstorm didn't let up. Hector and Amber became more desperate, and by now a lot of other people in over half the cars were desperate as well.

Between the rain and having to hold it for an extended period of time, a redhead with a ponytail couldn't hold it anymore and peed in her jean shorts. About ten minutes later, a man with shoulder length blonde hair wet his black sweatpants.

More people in the cars began to wet themselves as the minutes go by, and those that stayed dry became more desperate.

"I don't know if I can hold it," said Amber, squirming harder in her seat.

"Neither am I, but they have to get moving soon," said Hector, who had stopped grabbing his cock and was now crossing his legs, hoping this would help him hold it longer.

Another hour went by, and Hector and Amber grew more desperate than they had ever been in their lives. They nearly lost it at the next crash of thunder.

Many people in the other cars weren't as lucky. An athletic couple in a sports car lost control and wet themselves. The man was blonde and slightly muscular, wearing a white tank top and a pair of red shorts, and the woman had long brown hair, wearing a skintight gray romper that showed wetness easily. They blushed, but noticed each other peeing at the same time, and laughed it off.

Hector and Amber were squirming hard now. Hector was now holding himself again and Amber was crossing her legs. She whimpered as she leaked a little into her panties.

"Are you all right?" said Hector.

"I just leaked a little," Amber said.

"Come on, this can't go on much-"

There was another crash of lightning. Hector leaked a bit, dampening his underwear, and Amber leaked for three seconds.

"I really don't think I can hold it..." Amber whimpered. "I think I'm gonna have an accident in my dress..."

"Same here," said Hector. He felt another leak for three seconds, but managed to hold the rest of it back.

Slowly, more people in the other cars began to wet themselves. A bald businessman peed in his suit. An attractive Asian woman peed her skintight black pants. A thin man with dark blonde hair pissed his jeans. A blonde woman with a ponytail wet her light blue miniskirt and black panties.

Amber stopped fidgeting and crossed her legs with her eyes closed tight, feeling another five-second leak soak her underwear further. "I'm not gonna make it..."

Hector wasn't doing much better, holding himself as hard as he could, but leaking for four seconds despite this, dampening his pants. "Neither am I..."

"Oh no... it's coming out..." Amber was leaking again, but this leak wouldn't stop. Instead it became a powerful stream that soaked her panties. The crotch of her dress turned from white to yellow, and she could feel her butt become soaked, as well as the seat under her. Amber was blushing beet red.

Hector could hear the sound of Amber peeing herself. Maybe he'd also reached his limit, maybe hearing Amber's accident pushed him to it, or maybe he subconsciously wanted to make her feel better. Whatever the reason, his bladder gave out and he started to pee in his tuxedo pants, soaking his crotch and butt, and the driver's seat of his car. His pants glistened with the wetness from his stream. "I'm peeing too," he said.

They were both red in the face with embarrassment from having an accident in front of each other, but the fact that they were wetting together did make them a little less uncomfortable about it.

Amber let out a sigh of dismay at her potty failure, with a bit of relief at letting go. She couldn't believe she was peeing in her wedding dress.

"It's all right, Amber," said Hector. "You were planning to trash that dress in the mud anyway." They both knew there was a mud pit just outside the cabin.

Amber giggled a little. "But what about the seat of your car?"

"Seats. And I know a cleaner that can get pee stains out."

"I hope that tuxedo wasn't too expensive."

"I usually dress more casual, plus I have a different suit for occasions. I guess I can trash this tuxedo in the mud with you."

She punched his arm lightly. "We could have a mud fight."

"That will be fun."

They finished peeing. Their crotches, butts, and seats were soaked, and the car was full of the smell of urine, but they didn't mind anymore. If anything the double wetting made them closer, and they'd probably even joke about it to each other in the future.

They had to sit in their wet state for another hour before the traffic finally got moving. The storm stopped before they got to their cabin. Because of the rain, the mud pit was very wet. They played around in the mud for about half an hour, and then took a bubble bath together, still in their heavily soiled tuxedo and wedding dress, scrubbing each other. Then they changed into dry, clean, casual outfits and enjoyed their honeymoon.

Their tuxedo and dress had been damaged beyond repair from the pee and the mud, but they kept them until the end of their honeymoon whenever they felt like playing in the mud. Sometimes they'd even not use the bathroom before playtime and pee in them again.

...

In the nearby city, Cynthia sat at a table, drinking a big cup of tea. She was a beautiful dark-haired woman with eyeliner and lipstick, and wore a purple sleeveless dress that went down to her knees (with purple panties underneath), and wore a few rings on her fingers. She looked like a queen.

She hoped that her plan had worked; that the traffic jam had caused a lot of pee accidents. She loved to force people to wet themselves, as did the three people she'd hired to help with her plans, whom she had instructed to block all three lanes of the road 15 minutes outside of the city to start a traffic jam. The forecast for a big thunderstorm had at least been accurate, which was why she'd chosen today, knowing almost no one would dare go outside of their car to pee in a thunderstorm.

Once she finished her tea, she was craving some Sprite, so she walked to the fridge, picked up a 1-liter bottle, and drank it. She had just set the bottle down, when her subordinates entered. Rex was a man with dark hair and a beard, and wore a gray suit. Andrew was a man with brown hair, and wore a leather jacket and jeans. Wendy was a woman with long brown hair, and wore a red T-shirt and jeans. They did not look pleased, and their pants were wet at the crotch and butt.

"Did it work?" said Cynthia.

"We're pretty sure it did," said Rex irritably. "It worked so well that WE all wet ourselves too!"

"Why didn't you take this into account?" said Wendy.

"It crossed my mind," Cynthia replied nonchalantly. "But surely you're up for it if it means making others wet themselves. That's what you're all about, isn't it?"

"Making OTHERS wet themselves, not us!" said Andrew. "I don't really like being on the receiving end of it."

"Neither do I," sand Rex. "We quit! We'll never make anyone have an accident again!"

"Well, just one more," said Wendy.

Without warning, Rex and Andrew ran at Cynthia and grabbed her arms. Wendy tied her hands behind her back, then Rex and Andrew held her feet together while Wendy tied them as well.

"What are you doing?" said Cynthia.

"Letting you know how it feels," said Rex.

"This isn't funny!" Cynthia squirmed. "I have to go to the bathroom!" The tea she drank had already gone through her.

"We'll untie you once you've wet yourself twice," said Wendy. "And we'll stay in our wet pants until then to remind you."

Cynthia groaned and tried uselessly to hold it.

