Kristin, Part One

Author: TFBphenomenon

*000*2022-11-16 05:27

This is the first of a few stories I'll post here based on a bit of real life and a lot of fiction. Novelai has seriously helped as a creative tool, offering suggestions while writing that are quite helpful in pushing through writer's block. Hope you enjoy. I'm also putting in a few visuals I generated using the novel AI image tool to get your imagination going, they’re not perfect but I like them and seem to be honing in how to get the best out of it across multiple scenes while keeping the same girl and outfit. I may even update the images as I figure out how to make her more desperate.

Kristin - Part 1

It was early in the morning and Kristin was still asleep. I crept out of bed and stumbled into the bathroom, washing my face and taking my morning piss. After brushing my teeth, I slipped back into bed, observing Kristin's stunning body sprawled out on the bed. It'd been six months but I still couldn't believe she was my girlfriend. Her perky little breasts were concealed behind a short white t-shirt and her cute round shoulders poked through the waves of her long brown hair, the outline of her collarbone disappearing into the fabric of her shirt. She was wearing plaid pajama pants that managed to be tight around her round butt and loose around her legs. I always thought it was hot when she wore loose clothes, her tight body hiding underneath the deceiving fabric.

She kept herself in great shape, running a few miles almost every day. She had one hand resting on her lower abdomen, under which was a kidney-shaped bulge, unusual on her typically tight frame. We'd been out celebrating a friend's birthday last night and were both tipsy when we got home, and I did something I love doing after nights out on the town: I guided her straight into the bedroom when we got home. I helped her undress and began cuddling her to sleep before she got the chance to use the bathroom. She was typically a bit shy about her needs and it always made for an interesting morning since she usually didn't wake until I did. I loved playing with Kristin like this and our trust in each other made it a very sensual experience.

I slid back into the bed next to her and cuddled her from behind, moving my hand up to rest on her abdomen. It was much tighter and firmer than it usually is, Kristin's urinary system stressed beyond the comfort zone overnight. I felt her bladder contract below my touch and become rock hard. Goosebumps appeared all over the skin on Kristin's arm as her subconscious worked to keep her bladder at bay. I loved teasing her like this, so I began to gently push with one hand while exploring the rest of her body with my other hand, cupping her breast and firm nipple through the fabric of her shirt.

"Mmm," Kristin moaned softly as her breathing deepened. She made some more groggy noises and turned over, wrapping her legs and arms around me. "You're such a sweet boy," she whispered, kissing me deeply and running her hands through my hair. "Thank you for getting us home safely." Her bladder was dangerously full, but it hadn't quite hit her half-conscious brain yet. Her eyes closed again and I could feel her soft breath on my neck. I smiled and kissed her neck as I gently traced along her rock hard abdomen again, feeling it tighten with a vengeance. "Babe" she mumbled sleepily, her voice slightly slurred. She made a sleepy effort to move my hand away from her bladder and protect herself.

I rolled us over onto our sides and moved myself between her open thighs, sliding my arm under her head and gently stroking her chest once more, twirling around her nipples through the fabric of her shirt. I could feel the muscles across her torso and butt clenching as her subconscious fought to keep her dignity intact until she had awoken. I gave her nipple one last squeeze before letting go.

Kristin let out a soft moan as I did it, and I noticed her breathing quicken for a moment. Then she relaxed, exhaling and leaning into my gentle caress.

"Do you need to piss, babe?" I whispered into her ear. I loved teasing her about this before she was truly awake. We don't usually talk about our bathroom needs like this to each other, but I felt naughty planting the thought in her head as she awoke.

She nodded silently in agreement, falling back into a light slumber. I continued to lightly trace my fingers on her abdomen right over her distended bladder, addicted to the sensation of it tightening into a firm boulder as it spasmed inside of her.

Kristin sighed and shifted her hips, throwing her leg over mine and placing her warm thigh on top of my own. This was a perfect position. I slid my hand down and pressed firmly into her crotch, feeling her vulva through her panties. "mmm,"came her sleepy response. I felt her pelvic floor clench and her body shudder.

My fingers delved into her underwear and found her clit, already erect in anticipation. I rubbed her slowly through the cloth, feeling her begin to stir. I ran my thumb along her slit, stimulating her labia and clitoris. I moved my mouth to her ear and whispered, "Good morning, baby" just like I always do.

Kristin responded by opening her eyes fully and biting her lip, almost as if she'd been shocked awake. She looked at me, smiling, and said, "Morning, sweetheart." The muscles around her breasts and collarbone tensed up as her subconscious transferred the burden of holding her urine to her now-awake self, with Kristin's first reaction being to clench all the muscles in her body that were willing to clench. As I expected, she didn't immediately inform me about what was going on. So hot.

I kept gently rubbing her clitoris with my finger, though now I was also rubbing her through her panties, feeling her heat and wetness. I heard her giggle and say, "Oh, wow! Good morning!"

I smirked and asked, "Did you have a good dream?"

"Yes, actually!" she replied, looking rather startled by her raging bladder. It was clear she was working to keep her bladder in check. "I'm surprised I'm not more hung over," she added, moving her body in response to my touch and clenching her lips together.

I paused for a moment, letting her enjoy the sensation of my fingers inside her panties. "What kind of dream was it?" I asked softly.

"Well..." she hesitated, "...I think I had a nightmare at first...but then I woke up and you were here with me. You were whispering in my ear about how beautiful I am, and that I'm the most amazing girl in the world. And that you love me and that I should know. And I really liked that!"

"It's all true," I replied, giving her breast another squeeze.

"And then I realized that I needed to pee really bad, but you had fallen back asleep and I didn't want to wake you up. So I tried to go back to sleep too and I ended up dreaming about the party we were at and how I was sitting on your lap in the hot tub - and how you were super hard and your dick was pushing against my pussy through our swimwear. It felt like we were fucking but nobody could tell."

"Mmhm," I breathed, teasing her slit through her panties. She was so wet and ready for me.

"But I really had to pee and was turned away at the bathroom for some reason and I was trying to find another one and I searched and searched the whole party but I couldn't find one," she continued. I traced my fingers around her inner thigh as I listened.

"Yeah...and then we were back in the hot tub and you were holding me, telling me it was okay and that I was the best girlfriend ever. And you kept saying 'yes' over and over, like you were agreeing with everything I said. I was facing you and we were kissing but I really had to find a restroom and it was all I could focus on so I got up and ran to the bathroom and ...then I woke up," she stared at me pouting, as cute as can be.

"Is that why you were startled when you woke up?" I asked, smirking.

She blushed and shook her head.

I loved hearing her describe our lovemaking. I kissed her forehead and continued, "So I guess we should probably get you to the bathroom then, huh?"

"Yeah," she nodded quietly, pulling my lips back down to hers, hiding her embarrassment as I connected the dots that her sexy dream was fueled by her body's current pressing need, though clearly her lust took priority in this moment.

We kissed deeply, passionately, sharing our love and affection with each other. Our tongues danced together, exploring each other's mouths. I slid my hand down, sliding my fingertips through her damp folds.

She moaned softly as I gently rubbed her clit. I brought my other hand up to slide two fingers into her hot, tight pussy. She arched her back and tilted her hips to meet my touch, moaning softly again and pressing her face into the pillow beside her. I slid my thumb down to rub her clitoris directly and she cried out, "Oh god, yes!"

I let my fingers play with her slit for a few moments, before moving them back to her engorged clitoris and rubbing harder. I could see her hips bucking up towards me, trying desperately to meet my thrusts. As she neared orgasm, I stopped touching her completely and just let her lay there in ecstasy.

Her breath quickened, then slowed slightly as she held back her release. I watched intently as she struggled with the urge to urinate, the muscles in her abdomen flexing as her bladder struggled to contain nearly a liter of piss and the rest of her body at near-orgasm.

"Babe," Kristin begged, turning to look at me and raising her eyebrows. "I really gotta pee."

"Let's walk to the cafe first" I replied, sliding my hand further into her underwear.

"No, babe, please, I know I can't wait that long!" she cried, her eyes wide and pleading.

I grabbed my phone off the nightstand and checked the clock: 8am. I moved my finger back around her clit and moved it around vigorously, pushing her closer to her climax. Her breathing was getting heavier and faster. I slid myself into her and could feel her pussy contracting around me as I thrust into her. I knew she was fighting a lot of pressure and could feel the tight wall of her bladder taking up valuable space in her pussy. She twisted her body and moaned, "Don't stop! Oh god, don't stop!"

I continued to fuck Kristin, kissing her hard and passionately as she bit my lower lip. My fingers were wet with what seemed to be her urine, which was warm and surprisingly pleasant. I put my hand on the back of her neck, gently forcing her to stay still as our tongues wrapped around one another. I leaned forward a bit, moving my hand to her breast as I did so, feeling her nipple stiffen in response.

Kristin's breathing grew even more ragged as I played with her. I could feel her vaginal walls spasm around my fingers, tensing and relaxing rhythmically as her body . "Oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god!" she gasped, shuddering as she came. Her body was wracked with intense pleasure, clenching tighter and tighter with each wave of her orgasm.

She was shaking violently as she came down from her peak. I kissed her ear lobe, breathing on the sensitive area just under it. "You are incredible, Kristin" I told her, lifting up and kissing her forehead and nose. I got up out of bed, looking down at her. "Are you okay?" I asked, concerned about her well-being.

"Y-yeah, yeah, I'm fine," she stammered, recovering from her climax. "I..I need to visit the bathroom" she exclaimed, grabbing her crotch and squeezing tightly as worked her way out of the bed.

"You know the rules" I told her, helping her to stand up. "No bathroom for you until we get back from the cafe."

"What? I really, really, really need to pee. It's an emergency!," she whined.

"No, babe, you don't," I insisted. "You're an adult; you know better than to piss yourself. Don't worry, love, it'll pass."

"But-" she started to protest, but I cut her off with a kiss.

"Shh," I whispered. "It's alright. You'll be fine." I hugged her tight, kissing her forehead.

She relaxed, resting her head against my shoulder. "Okay, babe. I trust you."

"Thanks, sweetie," I whispered back, running my fingers through her hair. "I love you."

"I love you too," she said quietly, wiping her eyes.

She was still quite aroused, despite coming down from her orgasm. I could see her swollen clitoris through her panties and I could smell her musky scent, mixed with the urine that lingered on her upper thigh. The pressure her bladder was putting on the rest of her body always seemed to make her horny, but I could tell she was beyond the point of a dull ache and in uncharted waters.

"Let's get dressed," I said as gently as I could, letting go of her. She reached out and took my hand, bringing it to her lips and kissing it. She smiled, looking up at me and nodding. Kristin slipped into a pair of black yoga pants, the ones she wore to the gym on the days we worked out together. She pulled on a plain white shirt, short and frilly so her navel was exposed.

"Do you want a bra?" I asked her, taking a seat in front of the mirror.

"I'm not wearing one today."

"Okay, then," I said, smiling at her reflection and her erect nipples poking through the loose fabric of her short t-shirt. She suddenly placed both hands on her inner thighs before reaching for her purse on the floor. She threw on her fluffy North Face jacket and I took her hand, leading her out the front door.

The morning air felt nice on my face, though I was still sweating from the exertion our lovemaking. I walked behind Kristin as we made our way three blocks to the cafe and walked inside. Kristin's legs tensed visibly with the effort of holding back her urine, her bladder desperately signaling to her brain that she needed to relieve its pressure immediately. I loved watching her try to maintain her composure in public. I loved how she was willing to be submissive like this, and that she trusted me.

She ordered our coffees and paid for them, moving so quick that she looked a bit awkward to the cashier.

"How are you doing?" I asked, placing my hand around her waist as we waited for the coffees.

"I..I'm okay," she said, her face flushed and pale from trying to keep her urine in. Her eyes were glazed with concentration. She bent down to pretend to tie her shoe, trying to distract herself from the fact that she was desperately struggling to hold back the pee that threatened to explode from her bladder.

I watched her for another minute, then walked over behind her and put my hands on her shoulders. "I love you," I whispered in her ear. "I'm here for you, babe."

She nodded, still trying to ignore the need to urinate. She turned to face me, holding my gaze. I stuck my fingers in the waistband of her yoga pants and pulled her close for a hug. "I'm sorry," she whispered. "I really, really need to empty my bladder," she said a little too loudly, shuddering as her pent up urine and the overstretched walls of her bladder sent tingling sensations up her spine and through her arms, hands, fingers, legs, and toes. Here she was, a beautiful, confident 31-year-old adult woman seemingly just moments away from her body betraying her. Another guy our age was staring at her from a nearby table.

I looked around quickly, making sure nobody else in the cafe was paying attention to us, then lowered my lips to hers and kissed her hard. Her lips parted and our tongues met, dancing together for a moment before breaking apart. She was always such a sensual and amazing kisser, showing her raw emotions through the act. But now, her typical slow and sensually wandering tongue had a staccato and somewhat nervous pace to it. She clearly was more full than during our past weekend games and was in serious trouble, letting it affect her usual calmness. She was sweating and began to pace with her fists clenched.

"Babe," I said, walking up to her and putting my arms around her. "It's okay, I'm right here with you." I kissed her, sliding my hands under her unzipped jacket and down at the small of her back, feeling her warm skin.

"I need to go." she said again, crying out from the effort of holding the urine in. The muscles in her thighs tensed, her knees going limp as she strained to maintain her composure.

"I know, baby," I whispered to her. "It's okay, you can do this."

"I can't," she whimpered softly as I traced her spine up to her shoulder blades inside her coat. "I can't anymore. It hurts so badly. I literally needed to go all night," she pouted.

"It'll pass," I reassured her, kissing her neck. "Just a little longer, babe, just a couple more minutes." I had made her hold her pee before but I don't think I can remember a moment so dire for her than this one.

Kristin stepped away from me and turned to face the counter, hoping our coffees were ready. I stood behind her and took her hand, massaging her palm with both of my hands, out to her cute fingers, cracking her index & middle fingers as I tried to relax her a little. She had pretty hands with fingers that matched the shape of her long toned runner's legs, accented by her nails she'd painted the other night with little yellow flowers against a dark blue backdrop. My fingers traced around her diamond ring that was her grandmother's and I felt her quick pulse under her skin. She clenched her hand into a fist and it disappeared under her coat as she shivered again, biting her lip.

"What if I pee?" Kristin whispered, worriedly looking at the line of people waiting at the register.

"Then we'll get you out of here so fast, nobody will notice," I whispered back to her. "And it's okay, baby, I've got you." I pressed my lips to her forehead, she looked up at me and forced a little smile, clearly in distress but trying to look normal in front of the whole cafe. I held onto her hand tightly as we waited for our coffees. She was exhausted from holding in her urine, and she was terrified of losing control. Of course it was today when our usually quick coffee order was taking longer than usual.

"John, I can't hold it," she whispered, her voice quivering. "I have to go so bad!"

"I know, babe," I whispered to her, stroking her back and ass. "Just a couple more minutes, I promise."

She bit her lip and nodded weakly, looking into my eyes. "I know," she breathed, biting her lower lip and shaking uncontrollably.

"I can't..." Kristin whispered, squeezing my hand. "It's an emergency--!"

Suddenly she rushed for the cafe's only restroom, a single stall awkwardly in the sitting area with a flimsy door. Kristin flew into the stall and slammed the door shut, locking it from the inside.

I looked around at the patrons who were startled by the door slamming shut. You could clearly hear and understand the situation now - the sounds of Kristin's jacket and the frantic slamming of her body down onto the loose toilet seat were followed just a split second later by piss jetting out of her bladder at maximum pressure, thundering into the water below her. I felt bad for Kristin but I was drunk with excitement. She'd never given up like this before, and she was showing her hand in front of an entire cafe, albeit behind a closed door. The thundering urine stopped suddenly - and then started again. She was clenching and unclenching, or maybe she was trying to stop? She pissed for almost three minutes, drawing the awe of just about everyone in the cafe.

Finally, she finished. I could hear the toilet flush and then the toilet paper being torn off the roll as she wiped herself. She emerged from the stall and looked up, seeing me standing there. Her face was beet red and she walked straight into my embrace. "Sorry," she said. "I couldn't hold it."

"That's okay, babe," I replied, kissing her. "I understand." My hands were inside of her jacket and I grabbed her butt to pull her in for a hug when I felt a wet spot.

"For Kristin!" the barista shouted, placing two iced lattes on the counter. She startled and went up to the counter to retrieve the coffees. "Thanks," she said, her face still red with embarrassment. She handed me mine and we walked out.

"I love you so much, Kristin. You're the most beautiful girl in the world, and you have such a perfect heart and mind. I'm so lucky to be with you." I kissed her temple, running my hands down her sides and over her hips as we walked.

"I love you too," she responded, her face still flushed with embarrassment. "I'm sorry"

"Don't be." '

To be continued

*002*2022-11-16 21:49

{{6 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

This is really good. love the images!

}}

Thanks, I just updated a couple of them with new versions with fuller bladders and added a new one. The images are so fun to create when you're basing them around a story.

*005*2022-11-17 08:59

{{
8 hours ago, lolol45 said:

This is NovelAI right? What kinds of prompts did you use for this one?

}}

For the images? Yeah, AI generated with a lot of coaxing - the prompts get really crazy in the journey to get her to both do the things you want her to do, and to stop bad habits of the AI from creeping in, but this is how the sausage is made. Its honestly a lot of fun to play around and dial in what you want.

Some are these are on the NAI Diffusion Anime (Curated) but most are using NAI Diffusion Anime (Full) model. I swap between these on the fly as I'm working on it.

This is pretty much what the outdoor walking stuff amounted to:

{{masterpiece}}, photorealistic, 1woman, cinematic, green eyes, soft lighting, beautiful face, city street, {hand on groin}, sidewalk, detailed city exterior, cafe {{{horny}}}, {wardrobe}, companion, {{{{outside}}}}, looking at camera, embrace, {bladder}, panties, nfsw, skinny, underboob, hand on lower belly, American, messy hair, {{{yoga pants}}}, black yoga pants, {{{winter coat}}}, unzipped coat, North Face coat, oversized coat, pussy, shaved, small breasts, hangover, {drunk}, pissing, legs crossed, sweating, distended abdomen, {{{{holding pelvis}}}}, {{{{{{{touching abdomen}}}}}}}, lazy, peeing herself, forceful stream of pee,{{have to pee}}, {{bladder}}, {{{{{{full bladder}}}}}}, confident, {{blushing}} squeezing abdomen, {bloated groin}, {{messy hair}}, long hair, {{{{pressure}}}}, feminine, bathroom emergency, stubborn, {short white shirt}, loose shirt, Long wavy brown hair , hand in crotch

Steps set to 28, scale anywhere from 7 to 14 (mess around with this), and the Undesired Content area is set to Low Quality+Bad Anatomy with these additional in the box: {{anime}}, {{{big eyes}}}, bad anatomy, bad hands, text, error, missing fingers, toilet, pubic hair, extra digits, fewer digits, cropped, worst quality, low quality, normal quality

Anything you put in this box will be discouraged to the AI. I keep "toilet" in there because the AI tends to try to put her in a bathroom all the time since all of the prompts imply bathroom-related stuff. When I want to make a scene of her in a bathroom, I remove toilet.

All of the above generated the below image and I will note that I think the most effective one for illustrating a full bladder is "bloated groin" with an emphasis bracket or two. You have to counteract it with "skinny" or similar words or else it gets a bit out of control for my tastes, and add stuff like messy hair, stubborn, blushing, sweating etc to further sell it. "Leaning forward" and stuff like that will make a really nice desperate pose too when mixed with all of the above.

You should also be able to download this image and upload it into NovelAI. It should detect metadata and give you the option to import the settings only or the settings + the image seed. This is preferable over actually uploading the image as it just pulls all of the settings used for the image rather than forcing the AI to use a picture and go into img2img mode.

*007*2022-11-18 23:39

{{16 hours ago, fortardball87 said:

This story was incredible! One of the best I've read in a while! The images make it so much better as well! The fact this is novelAI is insane. How long did you spend tweaking the prompts, and how did you get the x-ray shot?

}}

Ha thanks! It took a really long time, I generated probably around ~300 images during the course of writing and tweaking prompts, but it's really fun and I have found it to be a much better habit than going broke buying tokens and using them for desperation play on Chaturbate, haha. I think the novelAI /image generation thing is quite a bit deeper than it seems on the surface and it can really impress with the right settings and prompts, and it's especially a hot experience doing this in conjunction with writing a story.

The x-ray shot I made in Photoshop from a novelAI image of Kristin and combining it with an illustration of a bladder from elsewhere. No matter what I do, I can't get novelAI to illustrate a bladder like that. It *might* be possible, but haven't cracked the code yet. I would honestly love to see her bladder on every image, haha.

Def open to suggestions on scenarios and stuff for our girl to wear whether it's for the Kristin story or otherwise. I have got a few more parts to this coming eventually but it's a big lift writing these for sure, requires a lot of free time!

