Queen of gossip becomes queen of wetting

Author: Type92

*000*2020-05-04 20:01

I recently broke my back, and I've got 6 months of bed rest to get through, so I wrote this fiction out of sheer boredom. I also borrowed a mold of the main character (with permission) from my fiancee. I based the main character on her, and tweaked her a little bit. Albeit not tweaked much... new name, and .....new embarrassing memories....ok, I'll admit that's pretty much all I changed. It's hard not to picture her in my head when imagining stories like this. I think I might be head over heels in love right? lol. But anyway, I wanted to change it up a little so it would make it feel like a fiction story, and not just a daydream about my fiancee lol. Hope it's not terrible, and I'm sure I've made grammar, punctuation, and spelling mistakes I missed, feel free to point those out. I just figured I'd put it on here. Maybe you will enjoy it as much as I did.

22 year old Annika sat in class, regretting her choice of not using the bathroom before this study period. She's needed to pee since before the lunch break, but, like usual for her, gossip with her friends was more important than the bathroom. "So stupid" she very quietly muttered to herself. A native of Trinidad and Tobago, she was what you would call a red girl. Half Indian and the other half a mix of colonial white and African. She was stunningly good looking. Big beautiful brown eyes, a smile that could light up the night, coco brown skin, dark brown hair that took it's ancestry from the colonial French on her dad's side.

She's 5'0" tall and about 97 pounds.

A well shaped and fit, but not large chest and upper body, and a toned and flat stomach with complementary piercing. Due to her being a gymnast for the college she was in remarkably good shape. Toned legs and an excellent bumpa (butt). Her smile and girly personality topped off the already impressive list. Today she wore a tight grey tanktop, a nude color bra, tight and very faded blue jeans, hot pink and white striped cotton panties, tiny white ankle socks and white sneakers. Poor Annika didn't know however, that SHE would be the topic of gossip she found so irresistible tomorrow at lunch break. She was about to go through what would be one of the most embarrassing moments in her life, Annika was going to pee in her pants in class.

She nervously glanced back up at the clock. Her left foot was bouncing, and she was already squirming around in her chair. She cursed herself again for "playing the ass" instead of using the bathroom. Her tiny little bladder was full to the max. It came on suddenly, and she knew based on previous occasions that she didn't have long to get to the bathroom. Maybe 15 minutes at most. The problem was, there was 35 minutes left in class, and it was group presentation day. She couldn't leave because her group could be called to present it's project at any time. Still, she had to try. Asking to go to the bathroom wasn't a big deal.

Unfortunately for her, her teacher, Mrs. Majirah was a notorious hard ass, and wasn't exactly Annika's biggest fan. Annika raised her hand, and her teacher knew waht Annika needed before she even asked. The worried look on Annika's face and the bouncing foot told the story. With that, Mrs. Majirah smiled, looked down and said "I don't tink so miss, you done dis youself, maybe next time you don't be playin de ass and go the loo instead". Dejected, Annika considered for a brief moment arguing, but knew it would only hurt her case.

As the minutes ticked painfully by, Annika began realizing that if she had to stand up for the group presentation, she was screwed. It's much harder for her to hold her pee standing than it is sitting. For now, she took small comfort in the fact that she could remain sitting. Her groups presentation, called "the art of responsibility" wasn't going to take too long, basically Kendra speaking about accepting responsibility for ones actions, and then they would all give examples. As the clock showed 29 minutes to go, Annika grew ever more uncomfortable. It was plainly obvious that she needed to pee badly, and several other kids in the class were occasionally glancing her way and quietly giggling. She did her best to ignore them, it was talking all of her concentration not to pee. When 26 minutes to go clicked in, Annika heard the dreaded words from Mrs. Majirah, her group was up next.

It was at this moment, that her reality came crashing down, she began to realize that there was almost no chance of her making it to the end of the class, and the even worse reality...peeing in her pants in front of the entire class. She reluctantly shuffled up to the front with Kendra and Steph, taking tiny baby steps to ensure she wouldn't pee. As Kendra started with the opening line, the first leak hit. Annika stood next to, but slightly behind Kendra. Annika's legs were crossed as tight as they could go, but she felt the little leak escape into her underwear.

She gasped a little, and squezeed her hands tight. Looking up at the clock, she knew it was over. The seal had been broken, and There was still 25 minutes left. The feeling of dread came over her like a black curtain. She was going to pee in her pants in front of the entire world, and she couldn't avoid it. She started to sweat, she couldn't stand still, and tears of frustration were forming. She could only just barely register that Kendra was still talking. Just then, another leak escaped. She'd let her guard down half a second, but it was enough. Her crotch grew just the slightest bit warm from the leak.

She started to panic in her head. She wanted to just run out of the class, but if she moved now, it would be over. She was stuck, and soon her only option was the worst embarrassment ever. She barely registered that Steph and Kendra had already given their first "art of examples" when it happened, the last leak that never really stopped. It slowly began trickling out, it was growing warm between her legs, the crotch of her panties steadily growing more soaked. She desperately tried to think of something to do, but it was too late, she was actively peeing in her pants. The trickle kept on, and soon she felt the first little bit soak the denim of her jeans as she looked down, but couldn't see anything yet. Then it became clear that both Steph and Kendra were waiting on her to say one of her examples. "Uh.....ummmm...." Annika nervously stammered out. Just then her body gave up, the trickle grew into a stream, and warmth blossomed in her crotch.

Annika's panties overflowed, and the faded denim eagerly soaked in the pee and grew a dark grayish blue. The glistening stain was spreading out from her crotch, at first in all directions, in an almost perfectly round stain growing out from between her legs. It was visible now to the class. Everyone stared in amazement and shock as this dark, glistening stain grew on the front of Annika's jeans. A loud hiss began emanating from her crotch. The warm pee then quickly began running down her legs, soaking into her jeans as it went. She finally blurted out, in a trembling voice on the verge of tears "The art of peeing my pants".

Her pee reached her knees, then began flowing down the insides of her lower legs. She looked down and watched as the stain spread down her legs and little droplets of pee began falling and landing on the floor. The class erupted in laughter as her pee ran down her ankles, soaked her socks and shoes, and then dripped off her pants legs and into the growing puddle at her feet. She could feel the warm streams soaking the bottom half of her ass, and snaking around the backsides of her thighs. A glance down confirmed, she was soaking herself. Her jeans grew heavy and dark as the subtle hissing slowly started to fade...then finally stop.

Laughter and yelling filled the room, Annika wanted to run, but panic froze her in place. The carpet floor grew dark as her puddle soaked in, she finally snapped out of her shock, her eyes burning with tears. She cried out an unintelligible sound of embarrassment as she turned and ran for the door, her pee dripping and leaving a trail behind her. She nearly slipped and fell as she ran out onto the tile floor. All Annika could think of is how to get out and get home. Her house was a few kilometers away in the valley. She ran out of the lecture hall and over to her bike. Tears streaming down her face, Annika couldn't help but think of the bacchanal that was sure to be about her peeing in her pants. All the gossip in the group chat, the ever so exciting lunch break...now she knew she'd never be able to show her face there again.

The feeling of frustration, feeling so stupid for letting this happen. Explaining to her friends why a 22 year old peed in her pants and then ran away....she couldn't bear it. Annika peddled harder, mind a blur. By the time she was home her thoughts snapped back to reality. Her phone had 32 unread messages. Some undoubtedly from Steph and Kendra, but then her stomach dropped when she saw that all but 6 of them were the group chat. Apparently one of the other girls in her class got a photo of her before she ran out, and it was summarily posted to the group chat, soon for the world to see she imagined. A lump formed in her throat and the burning tears came once again. She jammed her phone back in her bag and waddled inside, her damp pants now clammy and clinging to her. Her mind was racing as she stripped off her wet jeans and panties. She had a test tomorrow, she HAD to go back....but death seemed preferable at this point. Overwhelmed, Annika collapsed on her bed, a ball of tears.

*002*2020-05-04 20:12

{{1 minute ago, Adrian6970wc said:

Thanks for sharing. Good story and well written. If there's one thintg I'd do differently it's break it up into paragraphs as that makes for easier reading than one block of text.

}}

That makes sense, and thanks. I didn't even think about that, and I know better. Although, I've never considered myself much of a writer. It was not my favorite school subject. I guess I shouldn't type the whole thing out on the phone too.

