Omori's Crusade To Make (almost) Every Single Person In Headspace Wet Themselves

Author: ThatYellowSuit

*000*2022-11-12 21:27

Hello people of the Interwebs! Now, I know I already have an Omori Omorashi topic, however, I want to save that topic for stories that I have a lot of ideas for and is a reasonable length. Over here will just be a fun place to post short little side stories. I hope you enjoy whatever the hell this thing will become. See ya!

*001*2022-11-12 22:35

Hero's Not So Heroic Day

"This is Pyrefly Forest?" Aubrey asked as she gazed up into the clouds.

"I-it's kinda... Creepy." Hero looked around, hoping to not find any danger.

Something started crawling up Hero's shoulder.

"A-Ahh!" Hero screamed as he whipped around.

"Ha! I got you!" Kel did a bow to accentuate his Academy Award winning performance.

"K-Kel, you know I'm afraid of s-spiders." He breathed heavily.

"He got you Hero! You look like you were scared half to death!" Aubrey laughed.

"I-I'm fine... Lets just get going." Hero started walking ahead as his breathing normalized.

Battle after battle confronted the gang, with Hero constantly afraid from all the spiders. His juice was constantly running out because the group just couldn't find Mari. (Read Mari's Massive Mistake whenever it comes out) So Omori just kept cramming drinks down his throat to keep their healing up. But sooner or later that liquid needed some place to go... And it had almost found it.

Hero sighed, he tugged on Omori's shoulder, "H-hey Omori? You uhh... Know this place better then anyone, right?" Omori turned around and stared blankly into Hero.

Hero sweat a bit before continuing, "Do you umm... Know where to find uhh... A b-bathroom?"

Omori did not reply, he just stood there.

"Omori? Are you okay?" Aubrey walked over to him.

He then began walking and the group followed.

Hero was hoping he was heading towards a bathroom. Unfortunately he was not.

More battles confronted the gang as they continued to move forward, Hero's state getting worse as they continued.

Hero was holding himself at this point, with Kel and Aubrey worried if he was going to make it.

"Uhh... Omori are you sure we're going the right-" Kel was cut off as Omori made a sharp right turn into the trees.

The group came upon a sleeping Mewo, with Hero scouting out a place to go in the trees, before...

The Mewo's body split open, long black legs slithering out as the cat body was hoisted into the air.

"A-Ahh!" Hero screamed as he threw his hands up to shield his face, allowing a leak to shoot out into his underwear.

And then there was darkness, before his sense came back to him in a giant spider web. Everyone but Omori was trapped in this massive web and he was currently cutting out Aubrey.

Hero could not move his arms, they were stuck to his sides from the thick webbing. He had to wait for Omori to get him out.

He finished with Aubrey and began to cut Kel out. Before Kel fell to the ground because he was webbed upside down.

"Thanks Omori, now you just gotta get Hero out." Kel looked over at Hero.

Omori did not move.

"H-ha ha! Funny p-prank Omori! Now can you please g-get me out?" Hero closed his eyes as he struggled against the webs.

He reopened his eyes as sweat began to roll down his face. He looked at Omori, his eyes desperately trying to reach him.

Omori smirked.

"I-it's not funny anymore O-Omori! P-please let me out!" Hero shook as his bladder threatened to leak at any moment.

Omori smiled.

"Omori? What are you doing?" Aubrey asked, looking at Hero.

Omori smiled wider.

"I-I can't h-hold it much longer O-Omori! I-I'm going to p-pee myself!" Hero pulled his legs into his chest as much as he could manage in his trapped state.

Omori smiled even wider.

"Hey Omori! Let him out! Do you want him to pee himself?" Kel begged.

Omori became Ecstatic.

"P-please. P-please! I c-can't pee myself!" Hero grit his teeth as tears began to stream down his face.

Omori became Manic.

"P-please... I c-can't... Omori..." Hero had his head down.

Omori stared at Hero, before a quiet sound began building in the silent forest. A sound of water.

Tears welled in Hero's eyes as a warm sensation grew outwards from his crotch, the floodgates being limited to a slow leak by the tight web.

Aubrey and Kel didn't know what to say so they just turned away.

The bright white web turned yellow as the golden liquid soaked into it.

Omori grinned as he stared at the ever expanding wet spot, as it slowly soaked through and became a puddle on the ground.

After his bladder finally drained Hero said something, "I-I'm sorry I couldn't hold I-it." Before closing his eyes again.

*002*2022-11-13 07:50

Mari's Massive Mistake

Mari hummed to herself on her picnic blanket. This is where she always was, on her blanket. With food and drinks ready whenever anyone needed anything.

Hero walked up to Mari and sat down.

"Hey Mari." He greeted her.

"Hi Hero! Whatcha guys doing." Mari asked, looking over at Aubrey and Omori watching Kel dig a hole.

"Well were going to Pyrefly Forest in a couple of minutes. I was just wondering if you wanted to have a quick date beforehand." Hero reached out for Mari's hand.

"Yes I would like that very much." She place her hand in his hand for a minute before pulling away for drinks.

"Not really enough time for a meal but I got this new drink. I call it The Hero! It tastes like a mix of family cooking and love." She pulled out the drink.

"Interesting combination. Lets give it a taste test, shall we?" He poured the drink into two glasses before they both took sips.

"It's good!" Hero smiled, a bit of the drink still on his lip.

"It should taste good! It tastes like our love." Mari looked into Hero's eyes.

"Hero! Stop getting lovey dovey with your girlfriend and come with us to Pyrefly Forest!" Aubrey yelled to him as she started walking away.

"Oh! Sorry gotta go!" Hero quickly stood up and rushed off to catch Aubrey.

Kel began to walk behind them before stopping, turning away from Mari, and doing the make out thing with his hands. After doing it for just as long as he found it funny, he stopped and ran to catch up with the rest of the group.

Mari was alone again, with Hero leaving so suddenly they didn't even really get a chance to hang out. She drank the rest of hers and Hero's drink as a distraction from the unfinished interaction.

Unknown to her however, the drink was not just any drink... It was in all actuality, spiked with a medical strength diuretic by Omori.

Mari then packed up her stuff to head to Pyrefly Forest to help the group there.

Setting up the picnic blanket took little time, so she sat down and waited for something to do. With no distractions a need made itself known to her.

Oh? I need to go to the bathroom. She thought to herself. Better find one.

She left the safety of her picnic blanket and made her way through the woods. Searching for a bathroom and avoiding spiders.

"Hmph... So far my search has come up empty! Where could one be?" She wondered to herself out loud.

She decided she didn't need to worry about it right now, and that she could go once the group reached Sweetheart's castle. But...

"Which direction was back again?" Mari turned around, doubting herself on any direction she decided.

Mari was lost, with that diuretic making its way through her body she didn't have long.

She started walking a direction, hoping to get back to the main path.

But as she realized how bad her need was getting, she started to get more worried.

After a short bout a walking, a desperate Mari made it back out to the main path.

She looked over to the other side where she saw a lake.

Yes! I can go there! She thought to herself.

"Oh hi Mari!" Aubrey yelled to Mari from down the path.

Mari tensed up and stepped away from the water.

"H-hi Aubrey! What are y-you doing here?" She asked stiffly.

"Oh it's not just me. Everyone's here!" Aubrey motioned to the rest of the group coming down the path.

H-Hero! I can't let him see me like this! Her mind yelled at her to act normal.

"O-oh! Mari... Hi..." Hero tried to cover his wet spot with his hands. (See Hero's Not So Heroic Day) Mari noticed it.

"H-Hero! What happened?" She glanced down at it.

"Oh that! Uhh... I umm... Fell into a lake." He lied.

"O-oh! Okay!" Mari didn't feel like calling him out, after all she had her own needs to attend to.

"Hey Mari, would you like to come with us?" Kel offered.

"S-sure!" She couldn't refuse.

As she got in line between Hero and Kel she tried to stand normally. Hero noticed something was off but didn't say anything because he thought she looked cute liked that. Unbeknownst to all of them, Omori was smiling again.

They continued to head through Pyrefly Forest, Mari's state regressing further into desperation, Hero caught on to what was happening but didn't want to embarrass her by saying anything.

Until eventually Mari tripped over a rock. It throwing her forward and stopping her dead in her tracks.

"Mari? Are you okay?" Hero asked her as everyone turned around.

Omori became Ecstatic.

"Did you hurt yourself?" Asked Aubrey.

Mari stayed silent. Standing there, no movement, no nothing.

"Mari..." Hero walked over and placed his hand on her shoulder.

This small shock was enough to send Mari over the edge.

A gushing fountain shot out from underneath her skirt as Hero jumped back.

"M-Mari!?" Kel recoiled from her as not to get pee on him.

The liquid expelled itself from Mari's body, dumping it onto the ground and spreading outwards around her. Everyone stepping out of range except for Omori.

"Omori?" Aubrey asked.

Omori became Manic.

As the hose finally ceased, Mari began to apologize, "I-I am so sorry. I c-couldn't..."

Hero hugged Mari, comforting her as Aubrey and Kel questioned why this had happened to them twice today.

*004*2022-11-14 01:00

{{4 hours ago, Toffee said:

God damn Omori, no wonder your named OMORI. (omor(ash)i)

Im waiting for when your doing headspace Basil.

}}

Oh don't worry. I have plans for every member of the main group.

*005*2022-11-14 02:44

Basil's Bullied Bladder

Basil and Mari hung out on the picnic blanket. Waiting for Omori and friends to come back to the park. They talked and just hung out for a while with nothing really to do.

Omori walked over to the blanket with everyone else in tow.

They all sat down and began chatting as Mari pulled out supplies for the picnic.

"So we just beat Perfectheart." Kel bragged.

"Really? Oh that's so cool!" Basil replied.

Mari pulled out drinks and some sandwiches for everyone.

They all grabbed some stuff and ate for a little bit before resuming their conversation.

"You know its nice that you always have all this stuff ready Mari." Hero smiled.

"Well of course! I have nothing better to do... Other then being with you." Mari replied with a smug grin.

"Get a room." Aubrey huffed as she took another bite to her sandwich.

Omori offered Basil another drink, Basil took it gladly.

Omori smiled at Basil, but that smile had a double meaning. Not so long ago Omori realized that as a part of Sunny, he had inherited some of Sunny's traits. Including the more... Interesting ones.

Omori had an idea in mind. A devilishly cruel idea. He would make every single person in Headspace wet themselves, after all... He had forever. Didn't he? Why not make a fun little game out of it. Sunny always liked games.

He would find it enjoyable and, nothing else mattered... Right? He was the only one here who was truly real. He was an extension of Sunny's will and... Well... He enjoyed it too.

Omori knew that if he was here, Basil would not leave. No matter how bad his need got. He didn't understand why, he didn't have the same connection to them that Sunny had. Just a knowledge... of their habits. Habits he could exploit.

Basil was still just sitting, talking, socializing. Something Omori had no interest in. So he offered another drink, and Basil took it, albeit with a hesitation in his movements. He could never say no to his best friend.

Basil drank slowly, oblivious to Omori's intentions. Once he finished the drink Omori offered another.

Basil hesitated, thinking to himself. I shouldn't drink more, I don't know the next chance I'll have to go to the bathroom. He thought. But... I could never say no to my best friend.

Basil debated with himself for a bit before he decided to take the drink. Omori smiled at Basil again, it was a genuine smile, but not for the reason Basil thought.

Omori was ready for when Basil started to crack. When he would reach the first sigh, when he would cross his legs unknowingly before noticing and fixing it while pretending to brush them off. The first leak, the first dribble, the first spurt. He was ready for Basil to collapse under the pressure. As he watched.

Basil sat there ignoring the growing need he was having. He couldn't just leave with all his friends here. Especially not Omori, he was his best friend.

Basil sighed. The rest of them not noticing because they were wrapped up in conversation. Omori noticed.

Omori became Happy.

Omori sat there, gazing intently at Basil as he realized the mistake he made.

Basil had always had a small bladder. And with Sunny's intrests Headspace Basil had an even smaller one.

No one noticed however, no one except... Omori.

Basil crossed his legs as Omori took note.

Omori became Ecstatic.

He's progressing more then I expected. Omori thought to himself. He chose to cross his legs. He's close, I know it.

Despite Basil's put together exterior, he was not doing great. He could never handle much at once, and his bladder had already passed his normal breaking point. But Basil would not go. He would not let himself go. He would stick it out till the end of the picnic.

Basil discreetly snuck his hand between his legs. Hoping no one would notice. Omori noticed.

Omori held off his excitement, he couldn't project it outwardly. If he did someone would notice something.

Basil held on, he pulled his legs up to his chest and began rocking back and forth. In a futile effort to suppress his bladder's pained cries.

Omori became Manic.

Basil rocked back in forth, his hands in his crotch, telling himself everything would be okay.

Omori couldn't contain his excitement anymore and decided to push Basil over the edge.

Omori went over to Basil and sat down next to him. Basil began to sweat as Omori leaned in closer. Almost touching Basil at this point and... Omori hugged Basil, squeezing him tight.

Basil gasped as this happened. His bladder spasmed as Omori continued to hug him, Basil could not move as his body gave up. His pee, slowly leaking out into his underwear as Omori squeezed it out of him.

The rest of the friends continued talking, not noticing the event happening right behind them. As the urine soaked through his underwear the overalls began to darken. Basil's mouth hung open as his throat closed, he couldn't say anything.

Omori looked into Basil's terrified eyes and smiled. A genuine, malicious smile. Before pulling away, leaving Basil to process what just happened.

Omori gathered the rest of the group and left. Leaving Basil and Mari alone. Basil just sat there, as Mari noticed his state and tried to comfort him.

Nothing could comfort Basil now.

*007*2022-11-15 01:33

I just realized I should probably clarify. The stories in this Topic takes place on the Omori (or Hikiomori) route. While the topic Omori Omorashi takes place on the Sunny (or Good) route. Thought I should sort this out before continuity issues come up.

*008*2022-11-15 04:20

I just realized... I don't know who to write next! Do you guys have any suggestions! Throw me what you got!

*012*2022-11-16 05:28

{{4 hours ago, FinnTheStinky said:

How about kel? assuming you mean someone in the omori universe haha, love ur stories btw

}}

Sure! Also Thanks. I'm gonna start work on the next story tomorrow.

*013*2022-11-19 03:31

Kel's Kerfuffle

(Alt Title)

(Kel Yourself)

"So Omori, why are we back in The Last Resort?" Aubrey asked.

"Yeah! I already quit!" Kel exclaimed.

"Kel... You were fired." Hero sighed.

Omori did not explain himself. He went to the nearest machine and began gambling. He needed more Clams, how else could he keep buying all the drinks?

The rest of the group hung around for a while before getting bored and wandering off.

Kel walked into a new area of The Resort he hadn't been in before, a bar.

A Gator Guy turned around from behind the counter, "What can I get for you sir... Oh, it's you." He frowned at the thought of helping Kel.

"Ooo! What's that!" Kel jumped up onto a stool and pointed at a bottle of hard liquor.

"No." Was all he said in response.

"What about that?" Kel pointed at Vodka.

"No." He replied again.

"Or that?" Kel pointed at Tequila, "Or that?" He pointed at Red Wine, "Or-"

"Please just shut up. I'll get you some Lemonade or something. Just please shut up." The Gator Guy replied as he reached under the counter for a cup.

He pulled it out and flipped it in the air before setting it down as Kel watched in awe.

"Woooow." Kel stared at the Gator Guy, "Can you do more tricks?"

"You think that's impressive? You've seen nothing yet." He replied as he pulled out the tap.

He flipped the cup into the air before it landed on his snout, he balanced it there while pouring before pulling his head away and catching the cup with a twirl.

Kel clapped, "Bravo! Bravo!"

The Gator Guy bowed and then handed Kel his drink.

Kel drank it quickly as to watch the show again.

"Do it again!" Kel slammed his cup on the counter to hand it back to him.

"Again? Alright." He put the show on again, exact same as last time.

Kel sucked down the drink before begging him to do it a third time

The Gator Guy sighed before putting on the show again, albeit with less energy.

Kel gulped it down, before asking for a fourth show.

"Look... Kid... I've already done the show three times. That's two more times then I was expecting. I'm tired, I sure as hell know you aren't actually going to pay for those drinks and you've had enough. Drinking that much that quickly isn't good for you." The Gator Guy side eyed Kel before heading to the back room of the bar.

"Hey! Wait!" Kel yelled as the door closed, "Hmph... I wanted to see the show again."

Kel sat for a while, hoping he would come back out. When he didn't he decided to head back to Omori. Hero and Aubrey had the same idea.

"Still going at it Omori?" Aubrey asked.

Omori silently nodded.

"So how long do you think you'll be?" Hero glanced around.

Omori held up three fingers.

"Three whats? Minutes? Hours?" Hero questioned.

Omori nodded at hours.

"That's A long time." Aubrey replied.

Omori nodded once again.

They stood for a while with Kel soon realizing his need. He ignored it because he knew that The Last Resort had a bathroom they could easily reach.

Omori continued to gamble, for once completely oblivious to the signs Kel was showing. The way he leaned, the way he carried himself when he would walk. Kel needed to pee, no doubt about that.

Kel sighed, "I'm gonna go to the bathroom." Omori perked up at the word.

He has to pee? Omori thought to himself. This is the perfect opportunity for that idea.

He left his seat and gathered everyone to take somewhere. Kel was about to go when Omori put his hand on his shoulder. Kel decided to follow Omori instead, after all he could always come back.

Omori led them right past the bathrooms before entering the elevator. He took them up to the second floor and left the elevator. Before entering an open room.

"You got us a hotel room?" Hero asked.

"Cool!" Kel turned around and fell back onto one of the beds.

"Well it's already kind of late. Might as well use it." Hero sat on the other bed.

"Well if we're doubling up I want to sleep with Omori!" Aubrey walked over to him.

Omori sat on the bed with Kel.

"Huh? Oh! I guess Omori wants to sleep with me." He glanced at Omori.

Aubrey looked annoyed at Kel before sitting on the bed with Hero.

And in less then a minute, Omori turned the lights out. Him and Kel laying down.

Kel fell asleep quickly, completely forgetting about his need.

Omori watched him as he slept. Noticing any little movements, when his mouth twitched, when he moved his legs or when he moved his arms.

Omori knew what was happening, he was having a dream about needing to pee. He took note when Kel frowned and pushed his legs together.

Omori became Happy.

He slowly reached out and placed his hand on Kel, to make sure he wouldn't leave if he woke up.

Kel was dreaming, he was playing Basketball, but all the hoops were toilets. He could only go to the bathroom if he made enough shots in a row and he just couldn't do it.

Omori watched as Kel's face grew worried, his legs crossing as he started to sweat. The need was growing stronger.

Omori closed his eyes, he knew Kel would wake up soon. If he faked being asleep he wouldn't move his arm.

Kel's dream continued, every time he got close to a toilet the goal post would move. He made all the shots but now the bathroom required a combination lock that he could only get by solving puzzles. His dream did everything to place the toilet out of reach.

Omori felt Kel move and opened one eye to see he had unconsciously moved a hand closer to his crotch.

Now every few seconds Kel would twitch, first just little movements, moving his head to the side or closing and opening his hand. But it grew bigger, now he was rubbing his legs together and his head kept tossing and turning.

Omori closed his eyes since he knew Kel was about to wake up.

Kel awoke in a cold sweat, putting his hands right in his crotch. C-crap... I need to pee super bad. Kel thought to himself.

He began to sit up before noticing Omori's hand on him. No... I can't wake him up. He thought before slowly laying back down.

Omori felt Kel's more controlled movements, he knew Kel woke up.

Omori became Ecstatic.

Kel bit his lip, thinking about what he could do. I could try to move his hand without waking him up.

He slowly took one hand out of his crotch, shuddering as he did, and grabbed Omori's arm.

You won't escape that easy. Omori pulled his body into Kel, wrapping himself around him. Much to Kel's fear.

No... I gotta think of a new plan. Kel tried to think of something else.

He couldn't think of anything else. He started to cry as he tried to hold on.

Omori slowly moved his hands down Kel's body, heading towards his bladder. He silently placed his hand on it as Kel winced.

Omori became Manic.

He... He wants me to piss myself. Kel realized. That's why this keeps happening to us. Hero and Mari, that was because of Omori.

Unfortunately Kel realized too late, a wave of desperation hit him as he shrunk into himself, trying to avoid the inevitable.

Omori smiled wide, and sat up. Looking through Kel, he knew he had figured it out.

He moved to Kel, staring into him. Pulling Kel's arms out of his crotch, carefully placing them to his sides.

Kel looked up at Omori, fear in his eyes. There was only joy in Omori's.

Omori glanced down at Kel's bladder and looked back up and smiled with a crazed look in his eyes.

Kel shook his head, trying to tell Omori no. Omori nodded and pushed on his bladder.

Kel gasped and pulled his legs into his chest, doing anything he could to stop the pain. Omori pushed his legs back down.

Kel opened his mouth to say something, Omori put a finger over his mouth before pointing with his other hand.

Kel looked where he was pointing, Aubrey and Hero were sleeping peacefully in the other bed. He looked back to Omori as he pointed at Kel's bladder before pointing at them again.

If I s-say anything he'll do the same to them. Kel stayed silent.

Omori smiled at Kel's compliance. He was ready for this game to be over though. He shoved his hands deep, Kel cried out in pain. No one else awoke.

Kel shook as the dam cracked. New leaks were forming faster then he could plug them. The structural integrity collapsed as the liquid crashed through.

His bladder dumped its contents into the bed, soaking the sheets as the liquid rushed past Omori.

Omori smiled as the bed squished with pee. He stared at the expanding wet spot as Kel watched in horror.

As the liquid drained so did any energy Kel had, he silently cried as the realization of what had happened set in.

Omori looked at Kel as he looked back, he placed a single finger over his mouth before smiling and laying back down next to Kel.

Kel turned away from him, laying in his puddle and closed his eyes. Hoping to awake from this horrible nightmare.

This was no nightmare.

