Date Night

Author: teevex

*000*2021-02-16 08:18

Thought I'd write another fic since a lot of people enjoyed my last one! Doing some experimenting with new characters this time!

###

It's Thursday - the weekly 'date night' for Lola and her boyfriend, Jack.

Tonight, Lola invited Jack to her place for a movie, but beforehand she took him out for the usual fast food and cheap alcohol (with some soda too! Can't have fast food with the soda). It's not easy trying to impress someone on a low budget, but she manages to make do. Jack doesn't mind, either, because he loves her.

After a good 10 minutes of looking, Lola finally finds a movie worth watching. The thing is, it's 3 hours long. And all that cheap booze and soda pop is going to go straight through her before the movie is up.

Our story begins when the movie has another hour left. Lola is super invested in the movie, and is too stubborn to budge. Her fidgeting is very noticeable, and Jack takes notice of this. He doesn't say anything, as he finds her squirms very cute, and he wouldn't want her to stop so soon. As the movie continues, her movements become more erratic, making Jack focus less on the screen, and more on his frantic partner, who by this point has her foot jammed into her crotch in an attempt to stop any leakage.

The movie finally finishes, and Lola is now freely able to get up and go to the bathroom.

The thing is, however, is that she can't.

She's held it in for too long, and now she knows for certain that if she stands up, her bladder will give way and leak everywhere. Her mind races, trying to figure out a solution, all while Jack pretends to look at his phone, in reality sneakily watching her try to find a solution to her problem. Jack has been watching this unfold for about 45 minutes and he's enjoyed it just a bit too much. He wants to get up and help her, but he doesn't want Lola to notice his bulge, and find out that he's into watching her try not to piss herself, so he continues pretending not to know what's happening.

Lola, in her frantic state of mind, finally comes up with an idea; She'll slowly scoot off the couch, slowly land on the floor, and then try to scoot over to the bathroom without any leaks. It's foolproof, she thought to herself, as she put both of her hands on the couch, ready to push herself forwards and onto the floor.

Jack realises what's happening as she does her first push towards the edge of the couch, and his horny mind is racing. He knows what she's trying to do, and he knows it won't work. His phone mask is gone, and his hand is in his boxers, a tight grip on his member. He is way too horny to try and stop this, but he makes a mental note to himself to find her some of his PJs after this happens.

Lola pushes herself up when she reaches the edge of the seat, and slowly inches herself down off the front of the couch. She thinks she's safe to let go of the couch and drop onto the floor, but--

SLAM!!!

She hits the floor with a thud, the impact stinging her buttocks and releasing her bladder. She tries her hardest to stop the flood, frantically pushing her hand to the stream in an attempt to plug it up, getting her hands wet in the process, but it's too late. Jack has now pulled his pants and boxers down and is masturbating to the events unfolding right before his eyes. Lola panics as the golden stream floods out from her pants and all over the floor, until she notices Jack. She gives him a disapproving look, but her red face (and growing puddle) just makes her cuter.

She stands up, and walks over to Jack, kneeling her wet self in front of him and his throbbing member. "You're such a perv", she exclaims, as she takes off her wet pants, revealing to him her fully wetted pink panties. "You like when I do this, don't you?", she giggles to herself as she grinds the cold, damp panties on the tip of his cock.

"Lola, I'm gonna--"

"No, you're not"

Lola stops grinding and pulls her panties aside, almost immediately slipping Jack inside her, the two of them become one with each other. As they both draw close, the two lovers look at each other in lust, knowing that they've felt a strong connection over such a small accident.

Today, Lola figured out that Jack likes to watch her squirm, and she's got a great idea in store for her next date night...

