Sunset Shimmer's Bath

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-03-12 04:51

This story contains a soap/washing scene after the omorashi. May contain excess amounts of omorashi before the bath, but that's what this site is about!

Actually not sure if I like how this one turned out, I might stop writing after this.

Sunset Shimmer's Bath

Sunset Shimmer was camping with Twilight Sparkle. They were both asleep inside their tent, wearing their pajamas.

Sunset woke up in the middle of the night, really needing to pee. She had drank a few too many bottles of water last night due to the summer heat. So, she stood up and walked towards the outhouse.

Just as she was about to grab the door handle and open it, she felt someone grab her from behind. She was startled, nearly losing it there. Her arms were tied behind her back, and then Sonata Dusk picked her feet up and tied them together.

Sunset started to scream for help, but Adagio Dazzle, who was to the side, put duct tape over her mouth. Sunset was sure Aria Blaze was the one who tied her arms.

She struggled against her bonds as the sirens carried her to their camp and put her in a chair.

"We will have our revenge," said Adagio.

"So, we'll hold you here for a bit and leave you to the mosquitoes and venomous spiders and snakes and wolves," said Aria.

"There are no venomous spiders, snakes, or wolves at this camp," said Adagio. "We're not going to kill her. We're just going to torment her a while. Let's make sure we give her some water or apple juice every few hours."

Sunset let out some muffled sounds. Adagio tore the tape off her face.

"Can you untie me?" she said. "I have to go to the bathroom."

"Just hold it," said Aria, and she put the tape over Sunset's mouth again.

Sunset held it in all night, fidgeting harder by the hour as the pee sloshed around inside her.

As the sun came up, Sunset felt like she was about to burst. She held it for another ten minutes, before the floodgates opened and she started peeing full force. She blushed with embarrassment as she wet her pajama pants.

Sonata walked up to her to see how she was doing. "Girls, get over here! She's wetting her pants!"

Adagio and Aria rushed over to watch Sunset's accident. Sunset hung her head in shame.

"Wow, you really needed to go!" Sonata giggled when Sunset was still peeing after a minute.

After another twenty seconds, Sunset finally finished wetting herself. The sirens laughed at her. Then Adagio took the tape off her mouth. "Breakfast," she said, holding up a bottle of apple juice.

Sunset was feeling a little thirsty so she drank the entire bottle.

"Can I at least change?" said Sunset.

"Nope," said Aria, putting the tape back over her mouth.

It was very hot today, and Sunset was sweating so much the sirens had to give her water every hour to make sure she didn't get dehydrated. At lunch, Sonata got an entire bottle of soda and forced Sunset to drink the entire thing.

It wasn't long before Sunset needed to pee again. The sirens sat in front of her to watch her squirm.

"Honestly, I never even thought of this part of it," said Adagio. "But it's probably the sweetest bit of our revenge."

After holding it and fidgeting for hours, Sunset ended up peeing herself again.

They kept her there for two more days. During these days, as soon as Sunset felt she needed to pee she stopped trying to hold it and just peed right there. She didn't want the sirens to get the pleasure of watching her squirm trying to hold it.

By the beginning of Day 4, Sunset was starting to smell, not only of pee, but with the sweaty smell of one who had not washed in days. Flies were buzzing around her.

Adagio waited patiently until Sunset peed again, and then untied her. "This should be enough for now. I think we've gotten our revenge, and you're stinking up the camp."

"Yeah, you smell worse than after Sonata's had tacos for lunch," said Aria. Sonata giggled.

Then, Twilight Sparkle came in. "Sunset! I've found you!"

Sunset blushed. Normally she'd be glad to see her, but she had just been released and now had no time to cover up her very wet pajama pants.

"Oh, you don't need to worry about us," said Adagio. "We were just letting her go."

"After what you put her through, don't think I'll let you get away with it!" Twilight used her magic to levitate all three sirens (who, by the way, were wearing their main outfits: Light purple leggings under purple shorts for Adagio, purple jeans for Aria, and a pink miniskirt for Sonata). Twilight gave all three of them wedgies on a tree branch, and then levitated some vines to tie their hands behind their backs just in case.

Twilight and Sunset made their way back to their campsite. Sunset smelled really bad, and she was soaked from her rump down, but Twilight didn't say anything.

Once they reached camp, Twilight said "Would you like me to give you a bath?"

Sunset nodded, still blushing with embarrassment.

They walked into the shallow section of the lake, Sunset still wearing her pajamas, for they desperately needed to be washed too. Twilight filled a bucket with water and poured it over Sunset. The water was cold but Sunset liked the feeling all the same.

After Twilight poured a few buckets of water on Sunset, she walked back to the tent to get the soap while Sunset sat down in the shallow water, soaking wet.

Twilight returned and told Sunset to stand up. Sunset did so, and Twilight squirted some of the liquid soap all over Sunset and started scrubbing her. First she scrubbed her back, then her smelly armpits. As Twilight scrubbed, the liquid soap turned into foam. Sunset enjoyed every second of this. Partly because she was finally getting a chance to wash off from the dirty, smelly state she was in, and partly because Twilight washing her like this was a new and enjoyable experience for her.

Once Twilight had finished washing Sunset's top half, she poured a dollop of shampoo on her hand and lathered Sunset's hair completely.

Then, Twilight started to massage Sunset's butt with her soapy hands. Sunset took immense pleasure in this and let out a sigh of satisfaction. Twilight also liked rubbing Sunset's tush, for it was very soft and she loved how it looked in her pajamas, despite how it smelled.

Once Sunset's butt was clean, aside from the soap bubbles that covered it, Twilight scrubbed Sunset's legs entirely. When Twilight was finished, Sunset was covered from head to foot in suds. Well, almost from head to foot.

"Can you do my feet now?" said Sunset.

"Sure. Sit down."

Sunset sat in the water and lifted her stinky feet up. Twilight scrubbed her feet, making sure to get between her toes, until they didn't smell anymore. Then Twilight poured a bucket of water on Sunset's head to rinse her off. Now she was sparkling clean and smelled only of soap and shampoo.

"How are you doing?" said Twilight.

"Much better. I really enjoyed that."

"That was rather fun for me as well."

Sunset heard a soft hissing noise, and saw a wet spot forming on Twilight's purple shorts as pee trickled down her legs.

"You could have gone before we started," said Sunset.

"I didn't have to go that bad." Twilight blushed lightly, and Sunset understood. Twilight finished peeing, and then said "Can you wash me now?"

...

The sun dried them that afternoon, and they continued to have fun.

"What about the sirens?" said Sunset.

"We'll release them tomorrow morning," said Twilight. "It's not that hot today, and they just drank quite a few bottles of water this morning."

...

At their campsite, all three sirens were fidgeting, still hanging from tree branches by their underwear.

"I gotta go pee!" said Sonata.

"Yes, I know! We all do!" said Aria.

"This is the last time we do anything like that to any of the Rainbooms," said Adagio.

*002*2018-03-12 06:42

{{2 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Lol loved that story

}}

(breathes a sigh of relief)

*004*2018-03-12 07:30

Again I wasn't sure if I liked how it'd turn out but at least one of my biggest fans here loved it as much as the others

