Plusle and Minun, Potty Emergency (Two endings)

Author: Thekeslersian

*000*2021-05-08 05:29

I got the idea for this story, from this drawing: https://twitter.com/milklemon5127/s.....83157656850437

(The Japanese letters say, “It’s a showdown!”)

The pull-ups Plusle and Minun are wearing look like this, but with plus symbols on Plusle pull-up and Minus symbols on Minun pull-up: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/23153365/

###

It had been a long time since the last time Plusle and Minun had used the bathroom, this was demonstrated by how much they were squirming in the back seats of the car. Both of them were crossing their legs and clutching at the front of their pull-ups, trying to not have an accident. Thankfully the house was near, so they were close to relieve their bladders.

After 10 minutes, the car stopped and their master announced that they where home, the both Pokémons got excited, “Finally!”, they thought.

As soon as their master opened the car door and unbuckled their seatbelts, they jumped out of the car and started going towards the main door of the house, they tried to run, but they had to pee so badly that they couldn’t, so they had to potty dance their way to the front door. Each step they made, it felt like their bladders were gonna let loose and ruin their pull-ups. They reached the front door and waited, potty dancing on the spot, for their master to open it.

Once the master opened the door, they started going towards the bathroom, they wanted to go as fast as they could but the urge to pee was still really big, so they walked slowly to not pee themselves.

After struggling to walk and not make an accident, they finally made it to the last obstacle before the bathroom, some stairs, normally they wouldn’t be a problem but with their bursting bladders it would be very hard to climb them without having an accident, but they had no option, also it would be very stupid to give up after holding it for so long and being so close to the bathroom. Both of them started to carefully climb the stairs, if when they walked it felt like their bladder was gonna let loose, now it was even worser. It was so hard to climb the stairs, that Minun ended up leaking a bit, but was able to not have a full accident.

Finally, both of them made it to the end of the stairs and the best thing was that the bathroom was just in front of them. They started to feel a feeling of relief, they had been holding it for so long and they had made it to the bathroom, but they both knew the best was yet to come.

They entered the bathroom, finally they were gonna experience the sweet relief… Or not... They both realized something was out of place in the bathroom, only Plusle’s potty was there. In the bathroom there was always a potty for Plusle and another potty for Minun, but there was only one. The feeling of relief they were both experiencing, turned into a feeling of desperation. If there was only one potty that meant only one of them would be able to use it and the other one would end up having an accident in his pull-up. Both brothers really needed to pee on the potty, but they both didn’t want the other brother to pass through that embarrassing situation, but with their bladders about to burst they had no other option but to do something in the bathroom.

What a dilemma, I wouldn’t like to be in their place. Will Plusle use the potty and Let Minun have an accident? Or will it be vice versa? Or will none of them be able to use it? Well, I left to the people reading this the decision, do you want the story to have a good or a bad ending?

