Haunted House Wetting

Author: Trouble

*000*2012-03-21 20:55

Not my first omorashi fiction story, I have written some in private. I'm planning to publish them here soon. I'm not sure if stories like this are allowed but here it is anyway.

Haunted House Wetting

"God I really need to pee!" said the young girl in the middle of the forest, bending her knees and grabbing her crotch.

She glanced at the abandoned house ahead of her, but still visible.

"There is a house ahead, but they say that place is haunted. What if it's true?" she said to herself "But I... have no other choice"

She ran as fast as she could towards the house, leaking out spurts of pee, wetting her black tight leggings. She squatted down at the doorstep, grabbing herself and trying to control the leaking pee.

"Wow this place is huge, am I ever going to be able to find the bathroom?" she asked herself, but she didn't have time to chat with herself. So she pushed the broken door and ran into the house.

There was no bathroom at the bottom floor so she went upstairs, there were many creepy pictures displayed on the wall. As she passed by she felt as if the eyes were following her, wait, maybe they were.

The girl searched upstairs with a hand on her crotch, she found a room which led to the bathroom, the room had a bed and a foggy mirror. As she got closer to the bathroom she noticed a skeleton in the bathtub which made her start peeing uncontrollably. Hot urine gushed out of her vagina with a loud hissing noise and soaked her black leggings, it ran down her ankles and flooded her sandles. A few tears came from her eyes and ran down her cheeks. The peeing continued until it eventually slowed down and ended with a trickle.

She stood there for a while, not believing what she had did. Then she ran out of the house as fast as she could, leaving the puddle in the house. Her shoes made noises at every step but she continued to run until she was as far as possible from the house. When she stopped she just let the cold air blow on her tight leggings.

*004*2012-03-23 21:32

{{:

My wife pissed and shat herself in the earthquake last year (she also went into hysterics and I had to restrain her to stop her running outside, which is very dangerous in a earthquake), but I'd say that was a fair deal more scary than a haunted house attraction...

}}

Well, the story wasn't meant to be very scary but to be a good omorashi.

