In the Changing Room

Author: Thunder

*000*2021-02-07 19:20

Lea was a tall blonde girl in her early twenties. Her lower body showed lovely curves - her ass was firm and well-shaped, and her long legs had been the object of many boys' fantasies. She wouldn't have called herself chubby, though, as she had a thin belly and small breasts that gave her some sort of complex. But all in all, she was a good-looking confident young girl.

Lea was now approaching the end of her internship in a big pharmaceutical company. She had learnt many things and was a bit sad to leave all her colleagues. But on this day, she awoke happy: she was going to go in the lab for the first time of her life. One of her colleagues was looking for help to do some tidying and, as she had finished her internship report and didn’t have many things left to do, she happily accepted.

She arrived at the company early, parked her car and immediately ran into the colleague she would be helping in the lab. “Hey Lea”, he said, “want to take a coffee before we start?”. Lea accepted and they headed towards the break room. She hardly ever drank coffee, but today she made an exception as she wanted to be well awakened.

They then went to the changing rooms and her colleague explained all the procedure to her. “Put this hygiene cap on your head. Here, take this lab overall, go into a cabin and keep nothing but your underwear on.” Lea put on the cap, headed towards a cabin and, removed her T-shirt and her dark jeans. Here, wearing nothing but her white cotton panties, she couldn’t help but feel a bit silly. She then put the overall on. It was not exactly the definition of sexy, but it was definitely thrilling to do something else than paperwork. She then washed her hands as instructed and they were ready to enter the lab. “One last thing”, her colleague said, “your badge is not valid in the lab, so you’ll have to stay with me the entire time”.

“No problem”, she answered. As if she would leave…

They entered in a labyrinth of corridors leading to production rooms. They turned left, and right, and left, and quickly Lea was not able at all to tell where they came from. Everything was bright and white as in a hospital. They walked for nearly five minutes, her colleague opening various doors with his badge along the way, until they entered what resembled an office. Well, it was an office, but you had to wear a lab suit to enter. And you were not allowed to drink, or to eat. So it was even less appealing than a regular office.

“Your mission, if you accept it”, said her colleague in a very bad impersonation of a famous movie, “will be to take those syringes (he showed her a big cabinet), mark them with the right number (he aimed at a paper on the table), put them in order and get them back on the cabinet. I’ll show you”. He opened the cabinet and revealed six shelves full of syringes piled topsy-turvy without any logic. “You take one syringe from the top (he picked one at random), look at its number, find it on the paper (he flipped some pages), mark the other number on it (he wrote something on the syringe) and then put it in the appropriate box. You think you can do it?”

The skills required for this task being reading, walking and writing, Lea found the question a bit insulting but answered nonetheless “Yes, no problem.”

“I’ll pass the syringes to you and you’ll write”, he decided. The first two hours went on quite uneventfully, then Lea began to feel her bladder slowly filling. It seemed the coffee had gone through. It was not bad at all, though, and she asked her colleague in what she hoped was a curious and innocent tone: “what do the people working here do when they want to go to the toilet?”.

“Well”, he answered, “they have to go through all the corridors, get changed and then they can go. We once had an accident in the lab and had to go through Stage Security.” Lea shivered at this mention, she well knew that Stage Security implied a decontamination of the whole lab ans she surely didn't want to be remembered as the girl responsible for that.

Time ticked by very slowly as she did the same thing over and over again. After what seemed an eternity, but was in reality 30 minutes, the twinge in her bladder was stronger. She now remembered why she hardly ever drank coffee: it had a strong effect on her bladder. She knew she would need to pee in the upcoming hour – nothing to really worry about, but definitely something to take into account. She pondered for twenty minutes, trying to gather the courage to ask her colleague for a break. A stronger wave hit her, and she had to cross her legs: it was more than time. She opened her mouth but simultaneously, an alarm signal triggered. Lea stood in panic, eyes opened wide, and her colleague put his head up. The signal fainted as quickly as it appeared. “Don’t worry”, he said, “I will go and see what is wrong. Don’t move from this office”. And he was gone.

Lea sat on her chair and evaluated the situation. She had to pee quite badly. Her full bladder was pounding with her heart and she had to cross her legs to hold her pee. She was now locked in this office, as her badge didn’t work, and didn’t know how long her colleague would be. She crossed her legs and tried to think about something else, but it was not easy.

Ten minutes after, her colleague still hadn’t shown, and Lea was now holding her crotch. Her desperation came in waves and she did everything she could to prevent herself from leaking. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, tapped her feet on the ground but felt the pressure build up even stronger as time passed by. “Oh my God, I’m gonna pee myself, please come back”, she thought. She even began to look around to see if there was anything to pee in, but to no avail.

The door suddenly opened and startled Lea, who turned instantly towards it. Then, to her dismay, she felt a spurt make its way out of her bladder and dampen her panties. She immediately crossed her legs and the newcomer, who appeared to be her colleague, told her “The situation is under control now (if only!) but we have to leave the lab. Please follow me”. Lea was not quite sure she would be able to get up without wetting herself, but she had no choice. She slowly got up and the biggest wave of desperation hit her. She doubled over as she felt another leak escape, dampening her panties even more and making them cling to her pussy. “What’s going on?”, asked her colleague. “Nothing”, panted Lea, “I banged my knee. Let’s get out of here”.

The return trip was excruciating for Lea. She couldn’t grab her crotch now that she was in full view of everyone, but crossed her legs every time they stopped. She felt herself leaking two or three more times and, when they finally reached the changing rooms, her panty was soaked. She didn’t dare looking if her lab overall was visibly wet but, as it was white, there was a good chance no one had noticed.

“That’s where we sever. I’ll see you outside”, her colleague said. Lea opened the door, hastily closed it behind her and, finally alone, could give her crotch a good grab. The situation was worse that she had expected: her lab suit was wet to the middle of her thighs and she still was dribbling a bit of urine in her panties. She took small, mincing steps towards her drawer and began fumbling with the padlock. She leant forward to unlock it and a wave of desperation like she had never experienced before hit her. She leant forward, hands pressed against her crotch, but could not prevent herself from peeing a good second in her panties. Now she knew she could not make it to a toilet. She hurriedly took her clothes with her and dashed to the nearest cabin.

Running had been too much for her distended bladder. She began peeing uncontrollably in her panties and could feel her urine pouring down her legs. She closed the cabin door as fast as possible, leaned against the wall, and enjoyed the bliss of letting go. She didn’t care that her hissing sound could be heard, or that her white panties were now completely see-through under her lab overall so that one could have perceived her pussy lips. She just peed, and peed, a pool of hot yellow liquid forming quickly under her foot. Then, the jet turned into a trickle and she came back to reality. What had she just done?

She cautiously unzipped her lab overalls, now completely sodden and clinging to her legs, revealing her now completely useless white panty. She took that off, too, and, completely naked, tried to mop the urine pool with the dry parts of the clothes. At least, she thought, Stage Security had been avoided.

