Batwoman & Catwoman

Author: Tom Hayfield

*000*2022-03-08 19:20

THIS FICTION IS A SEQUEL TO 'CATWOMAN: HUNTED'.

HEAVY SPOILERS FOR THAT MOVIE.

Selina Kyle was delighted. It had taken her weeks to arrange but the Cat’s Eye Emerald had finally been sold off for an even $200 million. Her contact in the underworld diamond market had insisted at first that he couldn’t go any higher than $150 mil. However, a few sultry words and a liberal use of the zipper on her Catwoman suit had persuaded him to see her point of view. She had already transferred $180 million to the secret account for her sister, which Holly would use to help Anya and the other trafficking victims of Leviathan. The other $20 million she kept for herself.

‘A girl has to have some spending money’ said Selina playfully to Isis, who was moving beside her on the roofs of Gotham. ‘Leather isn’t cheap’.

Feeling exceptionally pleased with herself, the only downside to her new found fortune was the time it had taken to arrange the deal. Seven-and-a-half hours in the back office of a shady jewelry store had left her bored and more urgently, desperate for relief. She’d been told not to leave the room under any circumstances while the deal was arranged and; for once, had obeyed instruction, not wanting to jeopardize the deal she knew could help so many. However, that now left her with the problem of a swollen bladder, pressing painfully against her suit. Pausing for a moment to hold herself; crossing her legs tightly, she let out an uncharacteristic grunt and swore quietly.

‘Sorry kitty, mommy could really use a litterbox right now… god, that was bad even for me’ admitted Kyle, blushing slightly at the corniness.

Fortunately, her safehouse was only a few roofs ahead. Quickly deactivating the security system, she snuck in through the window; groaning once more as the edge pressed against her overfilled bladder, before landing semi-gracefully on the hardwood floor below. Isis followed her through a few moments later.

‘Ah, finally,’ said Selina, beginning to pull down her suit’s zipper and make her way towards the bathroom.

Halfway across the room however; just as her zipped had reached below her cleavage, she felt a gust of air race past her and before she could react, something slammed her against the wall. Cursing herself for her ignorance in her desperation to pee, she braced herself for yet another Leviathan assassin, only to grin when she realized the actual cause of her restraint.

‘Kate… what a lovely surprise’.

Batwoman’s eyes were blazing, yet Selina noticed the thinnest of smirks across her lips, as the superheroine held her against the wall.

‘You normally react faster. Something got you distracted?’.

Selina groaned as she wrapped her legs together, squirming in Batwoman’s grasp, as she smiled awkwardly.

‘I’ll admit, you’ve caught me at an inopportune moment. Perhaps you could let me down?’.

‘Why should I?’.

Selina blushed but; not one to let others get the best of her, began to smirk.

‘Well, just between us ladies, I’m sure you know how hard it is to clean leather’.

Surprising Selina, Batwoman didn’t drop her stammering or look confused. Instead, she gave a devilish smirk that sent a chill running down Selina’s spine.

‘Ah, I figured that’s why you look so tense’.

‘Afraid so. Now then, will you kindly let me go?’.

‘I don’t think so’.

Selina gasped as Batwoman used gadgetry to tie her arms and legs to the wall, as she now began to squirm openly in serious desperation.

‘Batwoman, Kate… please! This is ridiculous’.

‘Is it? Do you know how much you wound me up on the plane?’.

Selina stared for a moment, then grinned widely.

‘Ah, so that’s what this is about? In that case, just untie me and after I’ve relieved myself, I’ll run us both a bath’.

Selina could see that Kate was sorely tempted, however, as quickly as she considered the idea, Kate rejected it.

‘Afraid not. You had your chance for us both to have fun and I still don’t trust you. So now, you’re going to pleasure me’.

‘Has living in a cave for too long made you go loopy? What makes you think I’ll obey you?’ asked Selina indignantly, though her desperate squirming; getting worse by the minute, made Selina realize exactly what Kate was planning to use as leverage.

‘You’ll obey me because if not… well, like you said… you’ll be cleaning your suit out for a while’.

‘You underestimate me’ said Selina, though not confidently. ‘I can keep holding on for a long time’.

‘Even if you have to watch someone else get relief?’.

‘What do you…’.

Selina’s voice tailed off and her mouth hung open in shock as a hissing sound filled the room. It was not her though who was leaking but Batwoman, her black leather batsuit beginning to leak as streams of pee ran out atop her boots and formed a puddle around her. Kate moaned in relief, causing Selina to groan in desperation; now made 10x worse, as she watched the superheroine continue to wet herself and grin in relief.

‘God, that feels good. Been holding for at least ten hours. There’s so much… flowing’.

‘Shut up hero’.

‘It feels so relaxing to just let go and let myself be… wet’.

‘I said… shut u- ah!’.

Selina moaned in panic as a spurt of pee burst through the tight black lace knickers underneath her Catwoman suit. Deliberately frail, they wouldn’t hold another leak and Selina needed to get off this wall, to get relief or at very least; to start holding herself before she had a complete accident.

‘Here’s the deal’ said Kate, grinning as her own accident started to slow down. ‘You’re going to take off my suit and give me the best orgasm you can. No half-assing, no teasing without a payoff and if I think for a moment you’re messing with me, I’ll press down on your bladder and you’ll lose control in seconds. I’ve also set up cameras around your apartment to take pictures and I wonder how Bruce would feel about his mature cat losing control like a naughty little kitten?’.

Selina stared in horror.

‘You wouldn’t!’.

Kate smiled.

‘Not if you do the job well’.

Selina squirmed for a few more seconds on the wall in protest but it was hopeless. If she couldn’t hold herself, she was seconds away from a full blown accident and she couldn’t bear the thought of Bruce seeing her like this.

‘Alright!’ she yelled, her voice unusually submissive. ‘I’ll do it’.

Batwoman grinned, pressing a button on her suit that unwound the gadget metal bindings that had held her to the wall; dropping her with an unceremonious thud. Immediately, Selina began holding herself, openly moaning from the relief, which she knew would buy her a few more precious minutes of control. Batwoman lay down across a large sofa, spreading her soaking wet, leather-bound legs; though revealing a zipper for Selina to begin her task when she was reading. Selina made her way round to the superheroine, as Isis hissed disapprovingly.

‘Sorry kitty, sometimes a cat’s gotta do what a cat’s gotta do’.

Kneeling down on the sofa in front of Batwoman, Selina effortlessly removed the bottom half of the hero’s leather outfit, stripping her down far faster than Kate expected Selina would be able to, making her gasp in anticipation and shock.

‘I have prior experience’ said Selina, smiling smugly.

Kate then removed her mask; revealing a blushing and far less confident looking redhead beneath, though paler than her disguise wig. Her legs were toned and hairless; shining from her accident, while her dark blue underwear was soaked to the touch. As Selina stroked a finger across, eliciting a gasp of pleasure from Batwoman, she wondered just how damp the young hero had been before wetting herself.

‘Don’t hold back’ said Kate, though her voice had a trembling quality to it now.

‘Oh Batwoman, you have no idea what you’ve signed up for’.

‘B-bring it Catwoman’.

Selina’s right hand slid slowly into Batwoman’s knickers, taking her time with each movement of her finger, making the hero swear a dozen curses that were silenced as Selina kissed her passionately. Part of it was lust; the excitement of the situation winning her over; part of it was the fact that she had just spurted once more, utterly desperate for the toilet and closer to completely wetting herself than she had been since her early days as a jewelry thief. Turning slightly red at that memory, Selina focussed on the task at hand and she quickly realized that; unlike the stoic Batman, Kane would come apart far more easily as putty in her hands.

Kate moaned loudly as Selina rubbed her wet clit, making the hero scream with pleasure, as Selina grinned happily. Two of her slender fingers then slipped inside Batwoman and began stroking her inner walls, her screams now making the previous ones sound like gentle whispers. Catwoman purred with delight, though realized she was fast running out of time, as a third leak sprung forth and; overwhelming her oversaturated lingerie, started running down the inside of her suit and legs. Her leather catsuit was so tight against her poor bladder and she badly wanted to rip it off but that would have halted her pleasuring of Kate and cost her even more time. Instead, she decided it was time for the big finale.

Her tongue slid down over Batwoman’s pussy and slid inside her, as the hero’s hips began to buckle like crazy; Selina having to hold down the woman’s legs to avoid being kicked in the head.

‘Does someone want to cum?’ said Selina, in a sultry tone, as Batwoman whimpered.

‘I… I… I… need it!’.

‘You need what?’ said Selina teasingly; despite her own impatience.

‘I need to cum’.

Selina kissed Kate’s wet thigh and then grinned devilishly.

‘Then cum for me Batwoman’.

The moment she said this, her tongue slid deep inside Kate’s pussy; which, thoroughly lubricated from her accident and the lust she felt, sent her body into a pleasurable overdrive. Selina found herself rather enjoying the tangy, salty taste of Batwoman’s piss; mixed in with her juices, and when her tongue gently brushed against the inner walls of Kate’s pussy, she could hold on no longer.

‘Fuck, I’m cumming!’.

Batwoman began to squirt violently as Selina purred with pleasure. She lapped up Kate’s juices like a cat with milk, though her own moans were mixed in with groans of discomfort, as watching Kate’s release made her even more desperate for her own. She was now leaking every few seconds and was desperate to get out of her now already peed-in catsuit. Once she was certain Kate was lost to the afterglow, watching her body shudder with sinful pleasure, Catwoman leapt up and began to pull down the zipper on her suit. Unfortunately, while exposing her breasts and coming two-thirds of the way down, her sweating body from all the recent desperation had made it extremely tight and Selina began bouncing on the spot; desperate for the toilet, only seconds away from having a complete accident.

‘Come on, come on!’.

Unfortunately, Selina, despite how expertly she had driven Batwoman to a thundering orgasm, had simply been holding too long. With a series of frustrated gasps, she swore violently and tried to shove her hands inside her catsuit but it was too late. Selina moaned with relief and annoyance as she lost control, her soaked lingerie providing no protection as her pee flowed into her catsuit; soaking her legs, the leather and running over her feet and boots, as she stood there embarrassed, peeing herself like a little girl.

Meanwhile, Batwoman, recovering from her own orgasm, now realized what was happening and stared in awe as the always sophisticated Selina Kyle continued to wet herself. Kate would never admit it but she’d always had a begrudging respect for the thief’s poise and control. Seeing her lose that now was both shocking and deeply arousing. Selina seemed to feel the same way as; with her bladder having shrunk enough to finally pull off her catsuit, Selina had pulled off the wet leather and had slid a hand inside her soaked black lace, fingering herself with abandon. Having neglected to wear a bra, Batwoman watched with growing lust as the now almost completely naked Selina Kyle started to play with herself with abandon.

The release had been too pleasurable; the leather forcing her pee to pulsate against her clit, which had driven Selina into a lustful state almost instantly. Unsurprisingly to anyone, she also had a strong exhibitionist streak and; in what would have been a surprise to many, a humiliation kink. The combination of all of these, as well as her relieved muscles now tightening with a renewed joy, meant Selina rapidly approached the edge of an orgasm within seconds and soon, was swept helplessly over the edge.

‘Fuck!’ she screamed, biting her lip; yet completely unable to suppress her screams of pleasure, as she had one of the best orgasms Selina had ever experienced.

To her shock and delight, Batwoman decided to take her words literally and, immensely turned on once more by Selina’s accident, had leapt up from the sofa and was now pushing the still orgasming Selina into the wall she had restrained her against not fifteen minutes earlier. Their lips collided together as the two women fought for dominance, though still reeling from pleasure, Batwoman won and slid her tongue down Selina’s throat, as Catwoman surrendered to the heroine’s control and let out a purr of delight.

‘Kiss my neck’ she begged, her normal control gone; her tone a desperate whimper.

Fortunately, Kate was feeling generous after her body’s recent pleasures and obeyed without complaint; causing Selina to moan helplessly. Maneuvering her flexible body, she wrapped her legs around Kate’s things and dragged her nails across Batwoman’s back, causing her to moan in lust-fuelled pain, as she grinded into Selina’s thighs. Streaks of piss splashed across both women as their overtired bladders let out several remaining pangs of desperation; further wetting their soaked bodies, yet neither seemed to care as the two managed to tear each other’s underwear off almost simultaneously.

With impressive unity, their hands then slid between each other’s legs and the two began to finger each other; using every trick they had to undo the other’s remaining control first, while their lips remained glued together and their other hands roamed freely. Batwoman groped Catwoman’s perky bum, while Selina pinched Kate’s sensitive nipples and screams of pleasure were now frequent from both women; with no attempt made from either to hold back anymore. The two pleasured each other for sometime as their pleasure built and while Kate had the advantage of stamina, Selina had more experience.

The thief with a heart of gold undid the Superhero’s control first; pushing her into a thundering orgasm, though not by much. As Kate screamed with lust; her release so powerful that tears were rolling down her face, her fingers practically vibrated inside Selina and that; combined with watching Batwoman cum violently in front of her, utterly shattered the last of Selina’s control. The two women both collapsed to the floor; wrapped in each other’s arms, as their bodies shook with pleasure. Their legs and butts were lying in piss, their bodies were sweaty and their normally gorgeously organized hair was messed up beyond belief; yet neither cared, treasuring the moment. Neither said anything, simply basking in the afterglow; occasionally gently stroking some part of the other’s body, as they lay together in serene bliss.

Eventually; after several joyful minutes, the two women sat up, with abashed but pleased looks on their faces.

‘Wow!’ was all Batwoman could manage, smiling guiltily at Catwoman.

Selina returned the smile, which soon morphed into a naughty smirk.

‘Perhaps I was wrong to reject you from mine earlier. I think it would have been very relaxing after all’.

Batwoman frowned in confusion.

‘What?’.

Selina leaned forward, whispering into Kate’s ear; sending chills down her exhausted but thoroughly pleasured body:

‘A bath… care to join me now?’.

(If you're interested in commissioning me to write something for you, just drop me a message)

*002*2022-03-08 21:16

{{37 minutes ago, ssjammerz said:

Wow! I usually don't read too many fanfics, but this was super hot! Do you think you can supply the link to the first part? I've never figured out the search function too well lol. Excellent writing too! I can totally hear the voices in my head of Catwoman and Batwoman with the wordings/style you used. And the descriptions were very vivid. Loved it! If only someone could commission this in art form!

}}

Thanks man, that's really cool of you to say; it means the world & The first part is a DC animated movie called - Catwoman: Hunted. My fan-fiction is a sequel to that movie.

*005*2022-03-09 19:41

{{26 minutes ago, Jessie Jammis said:

This sequel is magnificently Incredible Tom !

Thank you very much for sharing

}}

Hugely appreciated, thank you so much!

