Too polite to potty!

Author: teevex

*000*2021-02-13 10:47

Another fic! Maybe I'll start doing these more often. I've had this idea for a while and I've utilised it in the Discord server before, but I feel like someone here would enjoy reading about it.

###

Lynne is a ditzy devil-maid. She always gets her daily routine in a muddle. Because of this, she likes to keep a schedule in her mind of what she does every day and she tries to stick to it as best as possible.

'Okay,' she thinks to herself, while sipping her third cup of tea, served to her by her master, 'So, I'll clean the house, then I'll make his lunch, then I can have a break for myself'. She repeats this in her head so she remembers what she's doing and when.

As she finishes up the first room of the house, she feels a pressure in her bladder. It's only a small urge, so she ignores it, and adds it to her schedule, just before her break. It shouldn't be too long before she finishes cleaning, so she continues. Until...

"Oh, Lynne!", her master calls out, "Would you care for some more tea?"

This question divides her. She knows if she drinks more, she'd surely regret it sooner or later, and it'd mess up her mental to-do list, but she can't deny her master, and she loves their tea. After a large mental battle, she begrudgingly obliges, knowing she'd have to try to hurry up her cleaning before the urge hits her.

Fast forward about 30 minutes and she's upstairs, away from her master, dusting the spare rooms and keeping them in tip-top shape. She's been holding this whole time and she's getting the hang of it, all the tea she's been drinking slowly creeping into her bladder, trying to escape. Lynne knows that it wants out and thinks she's doing a great job not letting any stray droplets stain any part of her. She thinks it's quite fun, and she makes a mental note to try holding her pee in a lot more often, as a challenge.

This overzealous attitude causes the devil-horned maid to relax just a bit too much, and she hears a small pitter-patter on the wooden floor. This sudden leak causes her to panic, her face now a slight pink, and her hands pushing at her crotch. She manages to keep the rest in, but she knows she needs to speed up a lot more, otherwise she'd have more to clean!

She quickly glances around the room, making sure her master isn't around to see her, before lifting her maid-dress to assess the damage. Her white panties are soaked. They're stuck to her skin, and it makes her nether regions cold. She wants to take them off, but she's certain she'll leak again, and it's the only thing stopping her from doing more cleaning (Besides, wet clothes are easier to clean, and less embarrassing, then a wet floor!).

She quickly hops from room to room, giving each one a quick clean - she can't concentrate on doing a good job as her urge gets worse with every room she cleans, and she could always do a second clean-over when she wasn't holding back 4 cups of tea.

As she finally finishes cleaning her last room, a big wave hits her bladder. She has to pee. Now.

She powerwalks over to the bathroom (she thinks running inside isn't polite of her) and grabs the doorknob, finally ready to release the flood she's been holding in all day.

"Oh, Lynne!", her master calls, "Could you come in here for a minute?"

She is mentally annoyed. She puts her master above everything else, even her bathroom privileges, so she has to tend to their needs before her own. She slowly tries to walk down the stairs without leaking.

"Y-yes, master..?", she asks, desperately trying not to arouse suspicion.

"You have forgotten to clean the fireplace", they explain, "There's dust all over it!"

Lynne is scared. The fireplace is the hardest thing in the house to clean because she's not tall enough to reach it! Whenever she goes to clean it, she has to stand on her tippy-toes, which starts to hurt after a while, and she has to clean it with a full bladder!

She stands in front of the fireplace, staring at it, feather duster in her hand. She assesses the situation, asking herself, 'how do I clean this without wetting myself?'.

She sighs as she braces her bladder for the stress, and she stands on her toes. Both of her legs are clamped together, and her dress is stuffed between them. Anything to keep herself closed until she's done. As she cleans, her toes begin to hurt, but she tries to keep on dusting. Lynne's feather duster speeds up, and dust flies everywhere.

A small cluster of dust flies up, the mischievous little devil tickles the poor blonde's nose.

"Ah---"

"-choo!"

Lynne sneezes, her stance gives way, and she falls flat on her bottom.

"Hssss......"

The impact causes her bladder to burst, and she feels a mix of embarrassment and relief. A huge puddle forms at her feet, as her dress and panties end up soaked. Lynne is red as a tomato, her hands covering her face as the stream slows down to a stop.

Her master comes in to investigate the commotion, and walks in to see Lynne, curled up and red, sitting in a puddle of her own urine.

"Oh, Lynne...", they say, rushing in to comfort her, "If you needed to go, you could have just said so!"

She tears up, not because of the events, but because now she has to find the mop!

