Kingdom hearts Larxene omorashi

Author: thewolfinman

*000*2011-09-02 15:19

Hey guys! I saw in the request thread that SOME of you wanted to see Larxene pee her pants...well I'm working on it, here is the beginning. The rest will follow as I write it.

“Sighhhhhhhhh”

Namine sat once again on her bed, bored out of her mind. It had been sooooooo long since Xemnas had given her a mission that she could hardly remember what it had been.

“No Namine, you are crucial to our efforts, you must not be endangered…”

Xemnas was far to over protective of her…

“Sighhhh”

The only thing she had in her unnessicarily white loft was a bed and her sketch book. Of course she could create whatever she wanted with her sketch book, but that was boring, created friends were no fun… He stomach rumbled. She smirked and began sketching. This is always amusing… A few moments later her sketch was done. Xemnas was towering over Larxene yelling quite loudly at her, pointing towards Namine’s room. 15 minutes later Larxene in all her sparking fury kicked in the door. Namine smirked.

“WHY THE HELL BOSS MAN THINKS YOUR FAT ASS NEEDS FOOD MORE THAN THE REST OF US I WILL NEVER KNOW!”

She held a rather tasty looking sandwich in a rather shiny silver platter. This always brightened her day.

“Thank you Larxene”Namine said in a sweet, innocent voice she knew would only infuriate the savage nymph.

Larxene turned and glared. Your enjoying this aren’t you, you little RUNT! For a moment they only looked at each other, Namine in blissful innocence and Larxene in utter annoyance. Then Larxene’s façade shifted. She smirked and then in a blinding flash of lightning she was across the room. When Namine opened her eyes her beautiful sandwich, which she had painstakingly drawn was lying in a heap on the floor. It took Namine a moment to figure out what had happened, but then when the cackling came from behind her, her heart sank. She had her sketch book.

“OH MY GOD! I had no idea a girl could actually draw things like this. HA! IT GETS BETTER!”

Larxene was flipping through her sketchbook, through all the Yaoi she had drawn to entertain herself… she was laughing so hard, she looked like she would cry…or pee herself.

“Weeeel, this certainly explains Axel’s recent change in….Libedo…AND" she seemed highly suprised and a little confused at this "XEMNAS TOO!”

Larxene fell against the wall laughing harder than she ever had in her life. Namine could only blush harder than she ever had in her short existence as a nobody. She looked straight down. She could barely keep from crying.

“Wait till the guys see this!”

Namine gasped then ran for the sketch book. They cannot see this! Ill never live it down, not to mention what Saix and Xemnas will do to me…

“Im going to pee my pants!” Larxene said mockingly as Namine lunged.

As Namine reached for the book, another flash of lightning exploded in front of her eyes and her hands closed on the book. She had the book. It was there, but the pictures weren’t, nor was Larxene. Namine screamed and lashed out at her pillows. What was she going to do! This is all her fault.I am going to get you back for this! She smashed another pillow. At that moment Larxenes last taunt echoed through her mind…Im going to pee my pants!

Namine smiled, reached for her sketch book and began to draw.

*003*2011-09-07 18:39

Larxene flipped through the sketch book pages she had taken from Namine, giggling all the while. The staircase leading from the young nobody's room to the grey area was long indeed, long enough to decide exactly how best to apply her revenge.

"I still can believe the bitch would draw things like this...and I had no idea the hippy boy was so flexible..."

She blushed a bit as she turned to a particularly dirty picture of Axel and Demyx.

"Nice abs pyro...Ill give the runt one thing, she can draw..."

She stopped for a second as she turned to another one, which she stared at for a few moments, then turned on its side, then upside down.

"OH GOD IT'S ZIGBAR...and Luxaeus...UPSIDE DOWN...I didnt know he could do that with his portals..."

She dropped it, then picked it up gingerly with two fingers as if it might infect her and placed it in the middle of the pack. She continued giggling a little as she walked the nearly endless spiral staircase. a mall cloud of dust wafted by her face.

"CHOoOOOOOO!"

As she sneezed, she felt a twinge in her bladder. She closed her legs and stood up, then kept walking. And she kept walking. And she kept walking.

"I have got to be almost there by now..." She said, growing a little impatient as was her bladder.

Unfortunately for the savage nymph and her bladder, the staircase just kept going, with no end in sight. As she kept walking she grew more and more tense. Even as a human she never had great bladder capacity or control. She shuddered slightly as she remembered a few missions where she barely made it back into her room without wetting her panties. She was actually quite irked with herself at how often she leaked on her way to the toilet. As she continued walking, she feared this might be another such case.

She stopped for a minute. Partly to look over the edge of the railing to see if she could see the bottom, but mostly to stop and pin her legs together a bit. To her utter dismay, she could not see the bottom, or the top for that matter. The staircase seemed unnaturally long. Genuinely worried now, she started going down a little faster. A few minutes later she looked again over the edge. She was starting to squirm now. She felt like someone was literally pouring water into her bladder. Again she was dismayed, it seemed as though she was not making any progress. Her bladder seemed to throb with each step she took. Finally she had had enough.

"FUCK THIS!" she said and in a flash of lightning she was running through the stairs at an incredible speed.

Railing and steps both flashed past her. Her bladder was screaming. It had been so long since the last time she had had to use her powers to not pee herself. She winced as a wave of pressure nearly squeezed a small jet of pee into her pants. Unfortunatly for her, at that speed only a second of blindness can be catastrophic. A single rat, in the vast immaculate cleanliness of the castle had found it's way into her path. She stepped on the rodent, slipped and was in the air. A small "EEP!" was all she could muster before hitting the ground. She knew what would happen before it did. As she shot her hands to her crotch, the damn broke. Her own pee spurted into her blue panties. Being cotton the absorbed quite a bit, but not enough. She peed uncontrolled for three seconds before she regained control.

Groaning she stemmed the flow. Her hands were soaked, so she knew it was bad. She still was on the verge of peeing herself more, so she know it wasn't terrible. She opened her cloak, still sitting in a crumpled heap on a landing and inspected the damage. Her pants were soaked down to her knees and the butt of the cloak was damp. Her panties were warm and wet.

"Fuck..." she sighed, though the slight relief felt good, as did the warmth. She got up slowly, her bladder and urethra burning, and gathered the papers. She buttoned her cloak all the way down to try and hide some of the accident and turned to continue. To her astonishment the door was right in front of her. Sighing with relief, she pushed the door open and gasped. The entire organization was there in that room. They all turned from their various pass times and looked at her. She squeezed her legs together under her cloak, assumed her usual prissy visage and walked straight through towards her room.

Please dont let anyone see, please dont let anyone see

She had to stop briefly halfway across the room to prevent a spurt from soaking her legs further. She covered it with a glare at Demyx, who was playing his sitar on the couch. Demyx gave her an aquward smile, and she kept walking. VERY briskly. With her door in sight she felt a hand on her shoulder and she jumped. A jet of pee squirted doen her left leg as she turned, backed away and crossed her legs under her cloak. The flow stopped...barely.

"Whatcha got there blondie?" It was Axel, with Saix behind him. He was pointing at the pictures in her hands. She had totally forgotten.

"Um.." Her voice quivered as another spurt dribbled through her panties. "Ill show you in a bit...I...have to do something....Now" She turned and another dribble escaped her.

"Oh, no you dont...Papa bear wants to see you...Something about a new mission. "

Her face was scrunched taught as she struggled not to entirely pee her pants in front of the entire organization.

"Tell him Ill be there in 15, I have something to take care of...RIGHT NOW" she squeeked and a few drops hit the floor under her cloak.

Axel cocked an eyebrow and Saix's ear twitched. He began sniffing the air and lowered his eyebrows. "I smell pee." Axel laughed and thinking Saix was kidding, said "I dont think he is THAT intimidating..."

Larxene through this exchange blushed and had started to her door. As her hand touched the handle the dam broke. She felt her urethra go numb and she felt her legs go warm. She jiggled at the handle, but to no avail she had locked it. A faint puttering sound had begun to emanate from under her cloak and whimpering sounds from her mouth. Her whole body trembled and a puddle was beginning to grow visible from under her cloak. She found her key in one of her pockets, shoved it in the hole and burst into her room, slamming the door behind her. Out side Axel and Saix were both left staring at a fresh puddle outside the savage nymphs door. Both were trying very hard to hide erections. Once in her room Larxene simply collapsed on the floor and finished. The pee pooling in her cloak around her butt. The warmth and the release were soothing. She began to cry and the sound of thunderous laughter filled the room outside. She would never live this down.

