The Chronicles of Jen, The Bursting Milf

Author: The Shark

*000*2022-05-02 19:29

{{: 

Quote

Hello! Welcome to my first attempt in a long time to publish some fiction. This is the beginning of what I hope to be a multi-part series focusing on Jen and a slew of characters. A lot of this first story is setting up future stories and worldbuilding but fear not, there is a spectacular wetting involved. I hope you enjoy it! Feel free to leave constructive criticism and let me know what you'd like to see in the future!

}}

Jen sighed and squished her thick thighs together while driving her high-end Mercedes convertible rather fast towards her home. She glanced at herself in her rearview mirror. Her grey sports bra pushed up her large jiggly tits which were bouncing as she squirmed in agony. Her dirty blonde hair blew in the wind. She glanced down at her crotch. Her squirming legs were covered in a pair of grey gymshark leggings which hid her grey spandex like Victoria's secret thong. Below that was her shaved, trembling pussy that was desperate to pee!

"Come on… come on!!!" Jen begged nobody in particular as she raced down the freeway towards her house. She had just gotten finished teaching her yoga class only to find out the toilets in her studio were broken! She watched as a couple of other ladies ran out of the class to burst alongside the building. Jen couldn’t fathom pissing in such a public place and figured she just could hold it till she got home. However, like most times she had overestimated her bladder and now sat bursting in her expensive car praying she didn’t make a mess. She cursed her daughter for her small bladder.

After birthing her one and only kid eighteen years ago her bladder was never the same. She never had random leaking issues like other moms had but her bladder felt like it had shrunk multiple sizes! In college she was known as an iron bladder woman, holding pitchers of beer at a time in her gut, not breaking the seal till late in the night! Now she sat squirming like a little girl desperately trying to make it home after only a couple of hours and a bottle of water.

As she pulled into her driveway she sighed in relief and jumped out of her car. As she stood up she was hit with a spasm. Jen gasped and grabbed herself tightly, doubling over and dancing in place. As the spasm faded she desperately looked around hoping nobody could see. Thankfully for her, nobody did. Jen quickly made her way to the door of her somewhat large single-family home. Jen's husband had divorced her right after the birth of their daughter. However, through a long and arduous court process, it was determined he had been cheating on her for years and funneling her money through fake bank accounts.

So, now she had a fantastic in a nice part of town, a great car, plenty of money coming in as a result of the settlement and she only had to work a few days a week as a yoga instructor. At the current moment though Jen wasn’t looking at her fancy white runner carpet, her beautiful stainless steel kitchen, or her shiny hardwood floors. No, she was focused on not pissing everywhere. So she ran, hands planted on her pussy whispering "oh no oh no oh no oh no!!!" as she rushed towards her first-floor bathroom. She scurried through the halls, flung open the bathroom door, and was about to open the toilet when she gasped. There was tape on the toilet lid and a note.

"Bathrooms are all broken! Plumber should be here in an hour - Dani"

"Dani!!!!" Jen yelled dancing in place.

Jen heard a couple of thuds down the stairs and then suddenly her daughter appeared in the doorway.

Dani was a slender waisted, blonde girl who had a striking resemblance to her father. Light blue eyes, bleach blonde hair. However her assets she clearly got from her mom. A jiggly thick ass, very full and bouncy tits, and nice curvy legs. She stood in a tube top and jean shorts in the doorway, her hair up in a messy bun. "Oh good, you saw my note!"

"What the fuck does this mean!?" Jen cried out starting to rub her crotch in need. She felt her piss brimming at the edge of her pee hole and needed a solution soon!

"Toilets are all broke! The water is filled to the top. Plumber should be by soon." Dani said. "Did you not read the note?"

"Yes, I read the fucking note!" Jen snapped

"Jeez mom, what are you twelve, just hold it!" Dani chuckled before leaving her mom be.

"God this is all your fault… if you hadn't come out of my fucking vagina I could hold my fucking piss!" Jen cursed to herself wincing Infront of the toilet. Relief was so close yet so far. She glanced at the sink and shower. "If… if I pee there… no… Dani will know…"

Frantically Jen thought she only had one other option. In her mind peeing in the sink or tub meant a cleanup process. A cleanup process meant Dani would know. If Dani knew she'd mock her mom. Simple logic… kinda. Call it pee-minded logic.

No, instead of doing that Jen raced out towards her back patio. As she exited the nice glass door onto the wooden back deck and down into her fenced-off yard she pushed her thumbs into the hem of her leggings. She got near her gardening shed and was about to simply slip down her leggings and thong and burst piss into the grass below her when…

"Hey, Neighbor!"

"Oh fuck…." Jen's eyes went wide. She had just started to yank down her leggings, putting them halfway down her thick juicy ass. Quickly she ripped her leggings back up and turned towards her fence. A tall man was just walking up to say hi. He had a nice tidy beard, light gray eyes, an undercut haircut that clearly at one time was black but now had gray peaking through showing his age. His body was in wonderful shape and he wore a simple black tank top and tan cargo shorts. He slipped off his sunglasses and smiled at Jen. For a moment she simply viewed him as someone getting in the way of her pissing but in reality, she knew he was Mark, her sexy next-door neighbor who she had been wanting to flirt with for ages.

Jen quickly turned to face Mark, her hands flying towards her back, clutching at her ass. Was it a very effective to hold your pee? No, but she was doing everything she could to hold back the flood without Mark knowing. Her thighs were pushed tightly together and she grabbed herself desperately from behind. "H-Hi Mark!"

"Beautiful day out today! You just get back from class?" He asked wiping some sweat from his brow.

"Y-yeah! Long day. Back-to-back classes you know…" Jen tried to continue the conversation but soon she was biting her lip and bouncing on the balls of her feet. She felt herself on the brink of losing control.

"Nice! Nice… You know my boys are always telling me I should try yoga. Help destress after work…" Mark sighed leaning against the fence.

*God why now! Ohhh Id love to try and get him into a private class with me but I need to pee!!!*

"Oh yes! Yoga is so good at making you r-relax and…" *Gasp*

In at moment Jen relaxed a bit too much and a spurt of piss rocketed into her thong. She straightened up and squeezed her thighs as much as possible together. After freezing for a second, her eyes wide, she stuttered back to her sentence "I-it just has so many benefits…"

"I guess so! And what, with such a great instructor I'm sure I'd be able to get all those benefits…" Mark said with a warm smile.

*is he… flirting with me? Fuck why now!!!*

"I am one of the b-best…" Jen said smiling trying to keep everything under control.

A moment later however she gasped again as another spurt of piss, this one longer, sprayed out from her tightly clenched pee hole.

"Are you… okay? You seem tense?" Mark asked a bit puzzled.

"Oh, I'm fine!" Jen fake laughed, waving her hand. "Just… pulled a muscle during my class. It's um… giving me c-cramps…" She sputtered out, another leak slipping from her grasp.

"God that sucks… what muscle? I used to get all sorts of pulls in the military…" Mark asked trying to relate and keep the conversation going.

Jen gasped again. Another spurt had rocketed out and she couldn’t stop it with sheer muscle alone. She shoved a hand to her crotch and rubbed, bending her knees inward. In a moment of quick thinking, she gasped out. "M-my crotch muscles um… I- split… I split a little too hard…"

"O-Oh!" Mark was a bit stunned, watching Jen just openly rub her crotch Infront of him. *I mean she's… just massaging the muscles right?*

"I must say I've… never pulled my crotch but a buddy of mine had… Sucked for him so… uh… Ice up I guess… sorry I can't be of more help…" Mark tried to offer up some help but he was more stunned and slowly getting hard just watching Jen squirm around.

"I-I'm sure I'll be fine. I-I'm sorry it just… hurts so bad…" Jen managed to say before gasping as she lost it. She had waited too long and her muscles couldn’t hold any longer. Pee sprayed from her clenched pee hole and soaked through her soft thong, leaking and rolling down into her expensive leggings. In a flash of thinking, she leaned herself against the fence, very close to where Mark was on the fence and tried to pass off what was happening. She prayed he couldn’t see through the fence the mess that was going on. She moaned a little in relief. "Ohhhh god…" Piss continued to spray from her pussy absolutely devastating her thong and ruing her grey leggings.

As Jen opened her eyes she met Marks who was simply bewildered. Thankfully for her, he couldn’t see a thing down below but he was visibly confused about her movement towards the fence and the moan. "A-are you okay?"

"O-oh um yeah… s-sorry… I um… I just tried to stretch it out and….. God the relief I just got was… wonderful…" Jen sighed and then cringed a little realizing what was happening. Her piss was pooling in her expensive sneakers and the hot piss that had just splashed down her legs and was still streaking down into the grass was starting to cool on her legs.

"Gotcha… well um… I better finish up out here and get dinner ready for the boys… maybe we could do a private session sometime… if you could clear up a crotch pull that fast I wonder what you could do for me!" Mark replied with a small smile.

"I think… that would be wonderful!" Jen said happily.

"You have a good night Jen." Mark turned and walked back to his house. On the way back his shook his head. "Man that girl might be a bit odd sometimes but she's fuckin hot!"

As Mark left Jen sighed and leaned against the fence. She looked down and inspected the damage. Her leggings were soaked. Her trainers were flooded. She pulled the hem of her leggings and confirmed that her thong was absolutely flooded with piss. "Fuck sake…" Quickly she looked and saw Mark had gone inside and she made a beeline to the house. As she made her way inside she luckily was able to avoid Dani and get to her room to strip off her leggings and underwear. As she shed them and looked at herself in the mirror she thought *If you wanna get mark… you gotta learn to hold your piss better… this cannot happen again…*

Little did she know this would be the first of many wet days ahead for Jen.

{{:

Quote

Thank you so much for reading! Please let me know if you'd like to see this continue. I have tons of ideas for this storyline and would love to continue it.

}}

