Jenny's double accident

Author: TheBlueSpot

*000*2025-02-10 07:00

Jenny was sitting at her desk, trying to concentrate on the blackboard in front of her. Warm sunlight filtered through the window, but she couldn't see it. I could only think of one thing: I needed to go to the bathroom. The clock ticked slowly, as if mocking her, and the constant back and forth of the teacher explaining the history lesson only made her mind cloud even more.

He had been holding on all morning, the clock was almost at the end of class, but the pain he felt in his abdomen was unbearable. His legs were squeezed under the desk, and although he tried to control his movements, he couldn't help but make small movements in his seat.

She was wearing her usual school uniform: a red and gray plaid skirt, a white shirt that was already starting to wrinkle from the sweat running down her back, and black patent leather shoes that were starting to make her uncomfortable. Her hair was tied back in a low ponytail, but by now it seemed to her that her hair, like her mind, was out of control.

Jenny bit her lips, anxiety and pain forming a knot in her stomach. He looked at his companions, but none of them seemed to have any idea of his distress. Everyone was absorbed in their tasks, writing in their notebooks, oblivious to Jenny's true suffering.

Jenny's anguish was becoming more and more unbearable. Every minute that passed felt like an eternity, and the pain in his abdomen only intensified. I couldn't think clearly anymore. Her hands were sweaty, her legs trembled slightly, and the feeling that she couldn't take it anymore was choking her. But the worst had not happened yet.

A spasm in her abdomen made her flinch. Jenny tried to control herself, squeezing her bladder muscles as hard as she could, but at that moment something snapped. She felt a small stream of urine escape from her body, slightly soaking her panties.

Fear enveloped her instantly. His face turned pale and his eyes widened in despair. No. I couldn't let that happen. I couldn't. Not in front of everyone. In a frantic attempt, she squeezed her thighs tighter and pressed her hands against his crotch, trying to retain what was left. But her bladder seemed to be on the verge of bursting, and Jenny couldn't stop thinking that she was doomed to pee in the middle of class.

The floor beneath his chair began to feel slightly warmer, and sweat beaded his forehead as his breathing became more erratic. She knew that if she got up to ask for permission, not only would the teacher reject her, but everyone else would see her as a preschooler. The fear of public humiliation choked her.

Still, something inside her resisted. She couldn't let this defeat her.

The pain in Jenny's belly was unbearable. Every minute that passed felt like a suffocating fist pressed against his abdomen. He was so close to losing control that he could feel his body no longer responding to his attempts to slow it down. Sweat ran down his forehead, his heart pounded, and the seconds seemed to drag on longer and longer as he struggled between the fear of humiliation and the physical urge he couldn't deny.

Not being able to stand it for another second, Jenny would try to run out of the class, but she would barely manage to get up from her seat. Jenny couldn't hold on any longer, letting out a powerful moan that the entire class would hear. and lifting her skirt to avoid getting it wet, she would release her pee.

The stream of pee was released in an uncontrollable torrent, hitting the floor hard. The sound was the only thing she could hear for a second, as the heat of relief washed over her, mixed with the feeling of absolute horror. I couldn't believe what was happening. He couldn't believe that in the middle of class, in front of everyone, he had lost all control over his body.

The sound of the jet was loud enough to catch the attention of all the classmates and the teacher. The murmurs turned into immediate silence. The eyes of the boys, especially, focused on her. Jenny, her skirt lifted revealing her panties, stood still for a couple of seconds, paralyzed with terror. The heat of the urine soaking the floor, her underwear, and her shoes and socks made her feel as if the entire world had stopped, as if all eyes, even if they had never noticed her before, were now passing through her.

The teacher, with a cold and distant look, did not take long to react. After a few seconds of awkward silence, in which the murmurs of the class became more audible, the woman raised her voice with a firmness that left no room for discussion.

"Jenny, go to the infirmary immediately." The tone of his voice was authoritarian, almost implacable. There was no compassion, not a word of comfort. Only order and disapproval.

Jenny, still feeling the heat of shame run through her body, nodded her head, unable to utter a single word. He didn't know if his face was redder from humiliation or from the effort of keeping the tears at bay. Like an automaton, she began to walk towards the door, the sound of her shoes echoing on the floor as the pressure in her abdomen finally went away, but the discomfort of the wet panties only increased, and having her skirt raised so that it didn't touch the wet parts didn't help.

Finally, he reached the infirmary, with the door closed. As she entered, the nurse, a middle-aged woman with a kind but somewhat serious face, looked at her from her desk. Although the nurse didn't say anything right away, her warm gaze was the only thing that made Jenny feel a little less alone in that horrible moment.

"What happened, Jenny?" The nurse asked, but the voice was not inquisitive, but rather calm, almost as if she was trying to give the girl some space to speak if she wanted to. But Jenny couldn't. The only thing I wanted was to disappear.

"I couldn't hold on and..." was all he could mutter. The nurse, with a soft smile, stood up and approached her.

"It's ok don't worry." The nurse spoke calmly as she grabbed a couple of wet wipes from a nearby box. "The important thing is that you're okay now. Let's get you cleaned up a little, and if you're not comfortable, I'd like you to take off your wet clothes. It's for your comfort, Jenny."

Jenny nodded without saying more.

"You can change in this private space, in the corner, where you will be most comfortable. If you need help, just let me know. I will help you feel as comfortable as possible."

Jenny, although still having the weight of the situation, accepted. With trembling hands, he headed to the small space and, with some relief at being alone, he began to slowly undress, taking off his wet shoes, then his also wet socks to leave them in the plastic bag that the nurse gave him.

Jenny, although still having the weight of the situation, accepted. With trembling hands, he headed to the small space and, with some relief at being alone, he began to slowly undress, taking off his wet shoes, then his also wet socks to leave them in the plastic bag that the nurse gave him.

At that, Jenny would begin to feel hot, not because of shame, but because she appreciated for herself the state she was in, as something inside her ran through her, also proceeding to raise her skirt slightly to take her panties and pull them down, taking them off.

Having left them along with the rest of her wet clothes, she would take some wet wipes and use them to dry the wet parts, taking the opportunity to caress her legs and crotch due to the itchy state she was in.

Jenny could feel the desire in her, but for something much more, taking advantage of her solitude there to also unbutton her blouse, taking it off and leaving it to the side, to later unbutton and take off her bra, leaving it next to her blouse.

Jenny would then, with only her skirt as the only item of clothing, play with herself, caressing her own body, her good-sized breasts, while also playing with her crotch, caressing it and playing with her fingers, all until Jenny couldn't take it anymore and would wet her crotch again with another powerful moan.

Jenny would have gotten wet again, but this time she wouldn't have regretted it...

