A Wet Wedding

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-03-19 06:12

Just another short story I thought might interest you, along similar lines to the romper story in terms of how she takes it, since people found that refreshing and it's my most popular story on here.

A Wet Wedding

Stephanie was a very attractive dark-haired girl in her early twenties. She was also quite athletic.

Today was the day of her wedding. She was so excited that she put on her exercise outfit, a short, skintight, black pair of spandex shorts and a matching sports bra, and went for a run twice as fast as she normally would.

When she got back home, she was soaked in sweat, for it was a hot summer day, so she drank a lot of water and iced tea. She looked at her watch. It was about a half hour until the wedding. So she picked up her wedding dress, which was beautiful, sleeveless, and spread moderately wide at the bottom of the skirt, but was not very puffy. She put it on over her exercise outfit, then climbed into her car and drove. The heat inside the car dried most of the sweat off her.

She arrived at the park, where her wedding was. Her fiance, Brendan, was waiting for her, wearing a tuxedo. Their friends and relatives were gathered in the audience. Stopping to drink a big glass of punch, she walked over to Brendan.

"Hi Brendan. How are you doing?"

"Great." He sniffed. "You smell a little sweaty."

Stephanie blushed. "I went for a big run waiting for the wedding, and I didn't shower before."

"It's all right. I kind of like it."

They stood in position, and the priest said his usual marriage lines, and they took their vows. Finally...

"I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may now kiss the bride."

Brendan and Stephanie kissed. Then they sat with the rest of their guests, having a wedding picnic, chatting, and eating. Stephanie was still feeling a little hot so she drank more and more punch. Fortunately there was a lot to spare.

About an hour in, Stephanie felt a sudden and strong urge to pee. She groaned and crossed her legs.

"Are you all right, honey?" said Brendan.

"I'm fine, I just really need to pee."

"There's a bathroom just over there."

"I can hold it."

She stayed at the table, even drinking more punch, and her bladder was rapidly filling up by the minute. After ten minutes, the pressure was too much for her to take.

She stood up. "I'll be right back." She ran toward the park bathroom.

To her relief, there wasn't a line. However, when she tried to open the door, she found it locked. She did the pee dance in front of the door for about ten minutes.

When she leaked a little into her panties and shorts, she whimpered, and banged on the door. "Hurry up in there! I really have to go!"

There was no response. She couldn't even hear any sounds coming from inside. She held herself and pee danced frantically. She was about to burst.

Then a park staff member walked up and put up an "Out of Order" sign on the door. He looked sympathetically at Stephanie and said "Sorry, miss. I forgot to put the sign up. You'll have to go behind a bush or something. Congratulations on the wedding, by the way." He walked away.

Stephanie couldn't believe it. All this time the bathroom had been out of order, while she had assumed someone was taking their sweet time inside. She had just decided to run behind the bathroom and go there, when it happened.

Her overflowing bladder gave out and she froze in place as she started to pee full force. Before long, the crotch of her wedding dress was stained yellow, and pee was flowing down her legs onto the concrete below. She could smell the scent of urine and hear the sound of her stream spraying her shorts - likely passing through them and spraying her dress at this point - but for the moment, she didn't care. She just sighed in relief, almost enjoying the warm, wet feeling.

After just over two minutes, she finished wetting herself. Her shorts were soaked and her wedding dress had a big yellow spot at the front, but she was feeling much better. She was a little embarrassed, but felt it wasn't so bad, and she knew she'd get over it.

She walked back to the party and casually said "The bathroom door was locked, I stood in front of it for about ten minutes, but it turned out it was out of order. I was gonna go behind the bathroom, but I didn't make it."

Everyone laughed, and she laughed with them. The whole situation was kind of funny, and she was usually amused at bathroom humor.

Brendan said "All right, since there's no bathroom at the park, the party's over, let's go home."

Everyone went home, and Stephanie and Brendan drove their separate cars to Stephanie's house, which was the one they were thinking about keeping.

Once inside, Brendan said "Are you all right?"

"I'm fine," said Stephanie cheerfully. "It's really no big deal, and I think it's kind of funny."

"That's good. I think it's kind of funny too."

"Mind if I stay like this for the rest of the night?"

"Not at all." They kissed.

They sat on the couch watching one of their favorite movies, and about an hour in Stephanie needed to pee again.

"Pause the movie. I have to go to the bathroom."

Brendan paused, but as Stephanie walked to the bathroom, Brendan ran up behind her and tickled her. She laughed hard, and in seconds she was peeing her dress again. He stopped tickling once she was finished. As soon as she stopped laughing, she felt how wet she was and laughed a little more. "Nice one," she said, completely amused at what had happened. "And I guess I don't have to pee anymore!"

*004*2019-03-20 20:23

{{8 hours ago, Flower said:

No bride in the history of ever would go for a run half an hour before their wedding and wear their dress over their exercise clothes haha

}}

Yeah, I don't use a whole lot of realism in these stories. Don't take them too seriously.

{{3 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

Out of curiosity, would you ever have someone into omo in one of your stories?

}}

I have written stories where they discovered an omo fetish through a pee accident that they found enjoyable. And I did write an Equestria Girls fanfic

Where Sunset Shimmer likes to do that at times when no one can notice. Here she mainly finds it fun with a bit of naughty pleasure, though I don't think I explicitly said she had a fetish for it.

