Tales of Wet Horror: Chapter 2

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-08-20 22:47

Tales of Wet Horror 2: Chapter 2

Beware those who you have done harm.

Me and Shelley sit leaning on the wall, where Jessica is sleeping. How can someone sleep in a situation like this? I'm tempted to find a pointed stick or something and prod her. That'd be funny. Shelley looks like she's about to start crying. How the hell did she get lugged in with this group? She's nothing like us. If I was a better person, I'd feel sorry for her. We sit there for about twenty minutes before I notice Shelley pressing down onto her bladder. Cute. She nervously chews the side of her mouth and looks around.

“Did you see a bathroom when you were looking around?” She asks me.

“No. He wants us to piss ourselves, that's why he gave us a diuretic.” I thought she was smarter than that. I'm now feeling the slight push of my bladder. It's not really bad feeling but in this situation it's not exactly a good thing either. Jessica moans and rolls over so she's now facing us. This is one of these strange things, but I've always found Jessica pretty attractive, and like everyone else she looks uber cute when she's asleep. Oh and just want to...what's this? Her hand slowly moves down to her crotch and starts pressing into it. Right, the diuretic. Looks like she needs to go and being asleep is not helping her cause. I decide that out of all of us, she's probably gonna lose it next so I continue to stare.

Suddenly Shelley squeals and presses her hands deep into her crotch. She has pained look on her face and is about to lose it.

“You okay?” I ask. Please tell me shot lost it a little.

“Not really. I can't hold on much longer” She says, I can hear the strain in her voice.

“Did you pee a bit?” I ask. I realise that if I want to see, I've gotta act like I'm losing it. I start pressing my hands into my vagina, enjoying the feeling of this full bladder. “I think I might of gone a little”

“Really? I lost a bit too” She replies, I get the feeling she gets a little comfort from me being as desperate. Jessica suddenly sighs and we look to her. I lift up her skirt and I can feel Shelley giving me a weird look. The urine sprays out of Jessica like a hose, spraying straight through her blue panties. She does have some cute underwear on. She's lying on her stomach so it drops down onto the front of her dress and starts pooling there. It's beautiful to watch. Suddenly Shelley lets out a squeak and I look to see her standing. Hands on crotch.

“Crap! I'm losing it!” I look to her legs and see a darker patch spreading across her jeans. I can see from her face that she's trying her best to stop the flow and she actually manages to stop it. “Oh god, I am so embarrassed.”

I look back to Jessica and see she's finished. Shelley sits back against the wall and puts her head in her hands. Good. I've been wanting to do this. I place my fingers on Jessica's vagina and start massaging it, feeling the wet material against my fingers. I shiver with delight as I she moans and grins, obviously enjoying what I'm doing. I can feel an orgasm building in me when suddenly

“What are you doing?” I hear Sarah's voice behind me and turn around to see her staring at me.

“Well...Erm...This is kind of...” Oh god, I have no idea what to say. Think! Think! “I thought this might be some kind of prank. If it was, she would've stopped me”

“Do you usually molest people in their sleep to find out if their just messing with you? Or is this a special occasion?” Craaaap. Suddenly we hear his voice on the loudspeaker.

“Ahem. I see that you two are having fun. I will not be collecting Shelley as she has not fully urinated herself. Lucky you. But I will be taking Jessica.”

“The hell you will!” I say, taking a stance. No way in hell, is anyone denying me my chance to have time with a sleeping girl who just pissed herself.

“Yes. Yes I will.” He says this and I can hear loud footsteps and faint growling. Okay, he's got a point. I take one last look at Jessica, grab Shelley’s arm and pull her into the nearest room. The door locks itself behind us. Shelley tears her arm away and pushes back into her bladder. I just noticed that more urine has slipped out and her dark patch has expanded. I have to force myself not to grab her ass or anything. God I am so turned on right now. I hear the footsteps outside the door and I can tell they've gotten Jessica.

I take a seat on a bed and watch Shelley, waiting for the urine to spray out of her. It can't be long now.

To be continued....

Please comment.

