Princess Daisy Trapped in a Fursuit

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2024-07-15 22:34

This was inspired by Furry Edits, who did videos of people (likely pretending to be) stuck in fursuits and adding text, a few of which involved omo, which, based on Twitter comments, they are really into as they made many comments about peeing fursuits, and I couldn't resist, given the general lack of fursuit wetting content.

I do not know how easy it is to get stuck in fursuits in real life, or how hard it is to find a solution, you probably wouldn't actually get stuck inside one for as long as Daisy does here, but suspend your disbelief and enjoy the omo.

Princess Daisy Trapped in a Fursuit

One day, Princess Daisy went to a furry convention, putting her lion fursuit on over her sports outfit. It was relatively tight-fitting and outlined her nicely, making her butt look cute. She smelled a little because she had just run several laps and not washed this outfit in a few days, but it would be difficult to smell under her fursuit.

After the convention, Daisy and Peach, who was wearing a pink cat fursuit, walked into their hotel room. Peach took her fursuit off. However, Daisy tried to unzip her fursuit, but her zipper was stuck in her fur. She pulled on her zipper but it wouldn't budge. "Um... Peach... A little help here?"

Peach pulled on the zipper, but had no more luck unzipping than Daisy. As Peach pulled on the zipper, Daisy held herself with both hands because she really had to pee. But she had no way to as long as she was stuck in her fursuit.

Then, the zipper broke off. "Oh no!" said Peach. "The zipper broke off."

"Oh man! What are we gonna do?" Daisy asked, holding herself and fidgeting, in desperate need of a bathroom.

"I'll call E. Gadd," said Peach. "He might know how to unzip broken fursuit zippers." Peach pulled out her cell phone and dialed a number. "Hello, this is Princess Peach. Princess Daisy is in a bit of a bind. She's trapped in her fursuit. It got stuck and as we were trying to unzip her, the zipper broke off. Can you get her out of that fursuit?" Pause. "Can't you come sooner?" Pause. "I understand. Thank you for your time and I will see you then." She hung up.

"Well?" Daisy asked, still fidgeting on the bed.

"The good news is, he will be able to get you out of that fursuit."

Daisy sighed of relief.

"The bad news is, he won't be able to come for another two days."

"Two days? But I have to go to the bathroom REAL BAD!" Daisy fidgeted more.

"Do you think you can hold it for that long?"

"Have you ever known anyone to hold it that long?"

"Right. Well, you'll just have to pee in your fursuit."

"What?"

"I know it will ruin the fursuit, but it's already ruined. He has a special process of unzipping the zipper but it would take more effort to fix, and it'd be better to get a new one."

"But I don't wanna wet myself!"

"You have no choice but to pee in your fursuit. It's not that uncommon for fursuiters to get trapped in their fursuits if their zippers weren't designed right, and what do they do when they have to pee in this situation? They are forced to pee in their fursuits."

"Are you sure?" Daisy fidgeted some more. She was feeling like there really wasn't any other option.

"I'm sure," said Peach. "Just go ahead and pee. It's all right."

Daisy fidgeted a bit more, and then she stopped, spread her legs, and a soft hissing noise was heard as Daisy peed in her fursuit. She sighed of immense relief as the warm wetness spread, soaking her shorts underneath and the inside of her fursuit, pooling around her rear end and flowing down her legs and into her lion paw boots. "I'm peeing," she said, blushing under her furry head as she wet herself.

Peach smiled as Daisy relieved herself in her fursuit. When Daisy was done peeing, she patted her on the back. "Feel better?" she asked.

"Much better," said Daisy. "But now I'm really wet."

"Not much to do about that," said Peach.

"It's still a bit hot in here, so I'm thirsty," said Daisy.

Peach cut a small hole in the mouth of Daisy's lion head so that she could drink water and soda through a straw and stay hydrated.

Eventually, Peach changed into her pajamas while Daisy was forced to stay in her wet fursuit. They climbed into their beds and fell asleep.

...

"Rise and shine, my furry princess," said Peach the next morning.

Daisy woke up. It took her a few seconds to remember her current situation. The inside of her fursuit still felt damp. "Good morning, Peach."

"Tomorrow, E. Gadd will get you out of that fursuit," said Peach.

"I can hardly wait," said Daisy.

"In the meantime, want to have some furry fun today?"

"Sure," said Daisy. After they drank their coffees, Daisy drinking through a straw that went through the hole in her fursuit head, Peach put her cat fursuit on and they played around, having a pillow fight and some friendly wrestling.

Eventually, Peach threw Daisy, who landed in a position over the edge of a bed, with her top half hanging over the bed between it and the wall, and her behind in the air and her legs on the bed.

"Nice booty," said Peach, patting Daisy's rear end.

Daisy kicked her legs trying to get up. "Peach, help! I'm stuck, and I'm gonna pee!" She had not taken her morning pee yet and the coffee made her need to go even more.

Peach giggled, enjoying the entertainment. "I'll get you up in a bit. Right now I'll have fun looking at your lion booty."

Daisy struggled some more. "I'm stuck in this position, and I can't get up! I just peed my fursuit. I really had to go and I couldn't hold it."

Peach giggled. "It's all right, Daisy," she said, patting Daisy's tush. "You would have wet yourself at least once today anyway."

"Hehe, that's true," said Daisy. She farted loudly. "Oops... Excuse me."

Peach patted Daisy's butt again and then pulled on her fursuit's tail to get her back on the bed in sitting position.

...

The day went by and they had some fun watching some shows on TV. Peach would get smoothies for Daisy for her lunch. As they sat on the beds watching My Little Pony, Daisy had to pee again, and she had no choice but to do it in her fursuit. She sighed of relief as a hissing noise was heard.

"Daisy? Are you peeing?" asked Peach.

"Yep," said Daisy. "I really needed to go and I had no choice but to pee in my fursuit."

"Good girl."

Daisy giggled.

...

Eventually, it was time for bed. Daisy drank a lot of water, and then climbed into bed.

"Did you remember to pee before bed?" Peach asked.

"Not yet," said Daisy. She walked into the bathroom and sat on the toilet.

Sssssssssssss...

"Ahhhh," Daisy sighed. "OK, now I peed before bed." She climbed into bed in her freshly wet fursuit and fell asleep.

...

Daisy woke up the next morning really needing to pee. She remember her current situation, so she took her morning pee in her fursuit, laying in bed. She sighed of relief. She couldn't deny that she was starting to enjoy this. Now that she was seeing it as "all right" to pee in her fursuit, and the embarrassment factor had worn off, it was actually pretty fun. The warm wetness felt nice, as did the naughty feeling of deliberately going to the bathroom on herself.

"Good morning, Daisy," said Peach.

"Morning, Peach," said Daisy cheerfully. "My plan for the morning: 1.) Wake up. 2.) Pee. 3.) Get out of bed." Daisy got out of bed, and Peach giggled.

About an hour later, E. Gadd arrived and used a device to open up the zipper on Daisy's fursuit. "There, now you can take the fursuit off when you want."

"Thanks," said Daisy. "You have no idea how many times I had to pee in this fursuit."

"That does tend to happen when people get trapped in fursuits," said E. Gadd. "I imagine you will need a nice bath now." He walked away.

Daisy peeled off her wet fursuit, revealing her soggy shorts underneath. And they stank, from sweating and peeing in them for two days and not washing.

"Phew," said Peach, fanning the air. "Well, time to give you a bath."

And so Daisy took a bath in her wet shorts, washing herself all over with soap. Peach helped wash her, spending several minutes washing her rear end. Soon, Daisy was sparkly clean and soaking wet. As unpleasant as the whole experience had been to start, she had found it rather enjoyable as well. She might have even developed a bit of an interest in wetting. Next time she really had to go while running, she'd probably just let it flow.

