Sunset Shimmer's Desperate Night

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-03-03 16:09

I got my confidence back, but I don't think this story is good enough to go on fimfiction, nor could I find one of my other stories to give mention to it as a past story. So, I decided to put this here.

###

Sunset Shimmer was camping with Twilight, so they could spend more time together. They had a lot of fun together during the day, and after some of their activities out in the summer heat, they drank a lot of water and a few cans of soda they brought with them.

Eventually, it was getting dark. They had set up their tent, so they changed into their pajamas (facing away from each other), got into their sleeping bags, and fell asleep.

Sunset awoke to the sound of thunder. She could hear hard rain pouring on the roof of the tent. She looked over at Twilight, who was still asleep.

She wasn't afraid of thunder, but she really didn't want to go outside in a thunderstorm this bad. This was a problem for her, because she hadn't used the bathroom before bed after all she drank, and she really needed to pee.

She fidgeted in her sleeping bag, holding herself and desperately trying to keep dry. All she had to do was wait for the thunderstorm to end, but it didn't sound like it was going to let up anytime soon.

She was thankful she wasn't afraid of thunder, or else she might wet herself out of fear. And the thunder never startled her, because she always had a warning whenever there was a flash of lightning.

She had awoken at 11:00 PM, and she couldn't get back to sleep. Besides, she feared she might wet the bed if she did. She held it in for much of the night, fidgeting and holding herself, and letting out desperate grunts and groans, trying to keep quiet so as to avoid waking Twilight up.

The storm continued to rage on, but what really made it hard for her to hold it was the sound of the rain. She needed to go really badly.

At 4:00 AM, Sunset started to leak into her purple pajamas. She whimpered and crossed her legs tighter. She leaked twice more in the course of twenty minutes, and then she started to leak every five minutes, slowly dampening her pajama pants, which got wetter with each leak.

After 4:40, her leaks became longer and more frequent.

Then, at 4:49, she lost control. The dam burst, and Sunset froze at the soft hissing sound as she flooded her pajama pants, wetting her sleeping bag. The smell of urine entered the tent and she blushed beet red, even though no one could see her. There was no way she could hide this from Twilight, unless she woke up before her.

She was still peeing when there was an extremely loud crash of thunder, which woke Twilight up with a jolt.

"What was that?" said Twilight. She was a little too tired to notice the sound and smell of Sunset wetting her pajamas.

Then, there was another equally loud clap of thunder, and Twilight was so startled that she began wetting her dark blue pajama pants uncontrollably, for she also hadn't used the bathroom last night. Even though she usually did.

Sunset finally finished, but could hear the sound of Twilight peeing herself. She felt bad for her, but at least she wouldn't make fun of her or be disgusted at her. And, a part of her enjoyed the relief after holding it for hours.

"Are you all right Twilight?" said Sunset.

"No..." Twilight blushed beet red. "I... I'm wetting myself..."

"So did I. I held it in all night until now."

"Really?"

Sunset climbed out of her sleeping bag to show Twilight how wet her pants were. She blushed a little, but knew Twilight needed it. She climbed back into her wet sleeping bag and moved it closer to Twilight's so they were right next to each other.

Both of them felt better already. They got back to sleep easily despite the thunderstorm.

They woke up at 10:00 AM. The thunderstorm had subsided, and they could see sunlight on the tent.

They needed to pee again, though not as badly as before. They felt how wet their pajamas and sleeping bags already were, and so they decided there was no harm in letting it out right here. Both of them sighed in relief as their pajama pants grew warm and wetter.

"Are you peeing again?" said Sunset.

"Mm-hmm," said Twilight.

"Me too."

They giggled, and were sure they'd have a lot more fun from now on.

*001*2018-03-03 18:15

I hope that bit at the end wasn't unnecessary. I like to add stuff like that at the end

