Princess Daisy's Pee Stories

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-11-17 06:36

Princess Daisy's Pee Stories

Hi, I'm Daisy! And I've got lots of funny and embarrassing stories about bathroom experiences gone wrong! I'm sure lots of you would love to hear of a princess experiencing stories like these, and although I'm a princess I love bathroom humor. These were embarrassing at the time but always funny to look back to, so you enjoy these as much as you want! And whatever way you want. (winks)

One time, I was playing a game of soccer. For the longest time, no one scored any goals. The game went on for hours and I had to go to the bathroom REAL BAD! One time I got hit in the face by the ball and fell on my butt, and nearly lost it there. Finally, I was able to score a goal, and we won. I ran behind the nearest bush, pulled my shorts down, and just when I started peeing, some Goombas walked up. I quickly pulled my shorts back up, but I couldn't stop peeing, and ended up wetting my shorts. Everyone on my team saw. It was a bit embarrassing, but I just got some lighthearted teasing and they still carried me over their shoulders for scoring the winning goal.

I was at a formal meeting with Princess Peach at the Mushroom Kingdom, but I forgot to use the bathroom before I left, and so I had to go really badly not long after the meeting began. I didn't want to make a scene and pause the meeting to go to the bathroom, so I held it and tried to avoid fidgeting, but I couldn't hold it and I peed in my dress. In front of everyone. No one noticed, except probably the janitor that night, so I sat through the meeting in my wet dress and panties as if nothing happened. Luckily I had a spare dress and underwear to change into when I got to the guest room.

I was competing in a 16-stage Mario Kart race, and I had a few too many sodas before the race. The second and third stages had underwater, but the fourth through twelfth had no underwater parts at all, and it was on the sixth, by which time I had dried, that I really had to go. Usually when this happens there's an underwater stage where I can just pee underwater without anyone noticing, so each time I'd pray the next level would have underwater so I could relieve myself, but they never did.

At least it motivated me to go faster, so I won every race. By the twelfth stage, which was the crazy Rainbow Road no less, I was about to burst. I kept the lead throughout the race, but then the Blue Shell hit me, and I lost it right there. I wet my biker suit and flooded the seat of my Yoshi Bike. I stopped peeing after I got back to my normal speed and still won the race. And wouldn't you know it? The very next stage was Dolphin Shoals. So I got to rinse off, but lots of spectators totally saw me wet myself.

I was at a sleepover with Peach, I had a little too much to drink before going to sleep. I dreamed that I really had to pee, and was running around looking for a bathroom, but something was always not right about it, either the bathroom stalls had no doors or the toilets were full of sand or there were no toilets or they were all taken. A few times, the toilet disappeared as soon as I got close to it. It didn't help that the mall I was in was full of fountains and waterfalls too. Eventually I was able to find a toilet and pee, but when I woke up, I realized that I wet the bed. I was so embarrassed about that but Peach was so understanding and helped me clean up. She even washed my pajamas before I left.

Another time, Peach and I were playing a game of tennis. It went on for quite a while, and I really had to go, but I was able to hold it and win. Peach came to shake my hand, and then she tickled me until I wet my shorts. She apologized for it but I told her it was all right and we laughed about it afterwards.

Oh, and there was another formal meeting where I had to pee. This time I held it in through the whole meeting, and as soon as I was out of the meeting room, I bolted to the nearest bathroom! I lifted my dress, sat on the toilet, and peed - only to realize that I forgot to pull my underwear down! I forgot to bring a change of underwear too, but at least my dress was spared the wetness.

Last summer I did some work around Moo Moo Farm. It was something I wanted to try and the farmers were a bit shorthanded. I was wearing a yellow T-shirt and some tight overalls. It was hot so I was sweating a lot, so I drank lots of water and soda to stay hydrated. Pretty soon I had to go to the bathroom, but the only outhouse happened to be out of order. There wasn't really anywhere I could go behind either. I held it as long as I could, but in the end I went in my overalls. More than once. But I also fell in the mud at one point, so you couldn't tell. I really needed a bath once it was done, and ended up taking a bath in my overalls.

A few weeks after that, Peach and I went for a deep swim at the beach wearing wetsuits over our sports outfits. After our swim we sat on the beach for a while. I got some giant slushies for us. Sometime after we drank the slushies, Peach went to go get some food to go at a nearby restaurant. Right after she left, I had to pee from that big slushie, but I stayed sitting where I was, because I didn't want Peach to come back while I was in the bathroom and not be able to find me.

So I sat in the sand and fidgeted with my legs crossed as I waited for her to come back. She took a lot longer than I expected, and I really had to go. Then, a Blooper swam to shore and started tickling me with its tentacles. It tickled my feet, my armpits, my sides. I was laughing so hard that I blasted a power pee in my wetsuit. After the Blooper stopped tickling me it went back into the sea, and I sat in my wet wetsuit until Peach returned with the food. She said there was a long lineup and she had an accident in her wetsuit too. We still laugh about that to this day.

That fall, I went to a furry convention wearing a raccoon fursuit, with jeans underneath. When I had to pee, I ran to the bathroom and got into a stall, but I couldn't unzip my fursuit. The zipper was stuck. For about an hour I tried to unzip the fursuit, and the longer it took, the more I needed to go, and the more frantic and sweaty I got. I ended up peeing my fursuit, and as soon as I lost control I sat on the toilet to avoid making a puddle, though it was absorbent enough that none of it soaked through. It was a bit embarrassing, but it felt so good. Of course I had to stay in my wet fursuit for the rest of the convention until I got back to the castle and got someone to unstick the zipper.

Last winter, I was skiing while wearing some orange snowpants, with jeans underneath. The same jeans I wet under the fursuit. On my last rest at the chalet I drank a big soda and forgot to use the bathroom before going to the ski hill. On one of my rides up the mountain, I had to pee really badly. So, I was in a rush to ski down the slope, but because I wasn't thinking clearly I chose the most steep ski slope, and I was so desperate to pee that I lost control and wiped out in a giant snowbank, and I ended up peeing my snowpants. No one noticed this time because the snowpants didn't show wetness, so I kept skiing in my wet pants.

I was running a really long race, I was in the lead, and I had to go to the bathroom really badly. I didn't want to stop and use one of the bathrooms to the side because if I did I'd lose my lead, second place was right on my tail. So I held it as long as I could, and ended up peeing myself on the last quarter of the race. But I was dripping with sweat by the end of it so no one could tell, and I still won the race, so it was totally worth it!

