Becky

Author: Tinkle01

*000*2022-10-22 11:31

PART 1

“Rebecca?”

“What?”

I’d heard that tone in his voice before & knew something was coming.

“Can I ask you something?”

“Of course, go ahead.”

“I know you are going ………….. “

“PETER!”

He looked startled.

“Let’s not go through all of that again! My answer will be the same now as it will be in 10 minutes so just get on with it.”

He was blushing & looking at his feet. I could hardly hear what he was saying.

“Will you wear some ……… “

“Wear what?”

I didn’t catch it. He said it again.

“I can’t hear you. What is it you want me to wear?”

“Nappies.”

“Nappies?”

He looked very sheepish & gave me a stupid smile, nodding.

“Is that all? Yes of course. I suppose you would like to watch me wetting them too.”

Another silly smile.

“Have you got some?”

He shook his head.

“Well get some for next time & I will wet them for you, okay?”

He was frowning.

“What now?”

“I don’t know where to get them.”

“Oh Peter! They have them in supermarkets these days. I’ve seen them many times.”

He was still frowning.

“What’s wrong?”

“What will people think?”

“That you are buying them for your Mother or Grandmother.”

His face hadn’t changed.

“Who buys your underpants?”

“Maria.”

“Do you think the Lady in the shop imagines she’s going to wear them?”

“That’s different.”

“Why? Hundreds of people buy them. They must do or the shops wouldn’t stock them. Don’t be so paranoid.”

I wasn’t making any headway with him. As with almost everything else, if he was going to get to watch me wetting them, I was going to have to buy them for him.

“Alright! I will pick some up at the supermarket next time I go shopping. I suppose you want them for this Friday?”

He grinned & nodded.

“For someone who is absolutely obsessed with women peeing, you certainly don’t have the courage of your convictions, do you?”

He looked suitably ashamed of himself.

As I worked through the afternoon, something kept nagging at me. I was sure I had seen it somewhere, a shop which just sells nappies.

“Carol? …… Can you bring me the Yellow Pages?”

She put them on my desk.

“Is there someone I can get for you?”

“No it’s fine, I am just curious about something.”

Carol left & I thumbed through. There were quite a few shops specialising in nappies, much to my surprise. And yes, there it was. I recalled now, on the way to the home centre complex, ‘Nappyland’. I remembered thinking it was an odd thing to have a shop entirely devoted to. I phoned & they were open until 8pm on Thursdays. Perfect, I would call in on the way home tomorrow.

The shop was larger than I was expecting. When I got inside it amazed me the range of goods devoted to peeing. ‘This is paradise for Peter’ I mused. I stood just inside the door & looked around. There were rows of shelves & special displays, mannequins wearing a wide variety of styles devoted to incontinence. I found myself smiling. It was a shame he hadn’t come. I was sure he would have gone crazy fantasising about real people wearing & peeing in them.

“Can I help you?”

I was startled. Standing behind the counter was a tall slim girl, still in her teens I imagined. Not the sort of shop attendant I had expected. She seemed cheerful enough & very friendly.

“I’m just looking.”

“You’re welcome. The infant section is along that wall & across the back.”

She pointed it out.

“The maternity is in the middle & the adult section is over on this wall.”

‘It sounds like a sex shop’, I smiled to myself.

“Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

I made my way through the infant section & browsed the maternity too. The first thing I discovered was the pads. ‘These are serious pads!’ I smiled to myself, ‘one would last me an entire period’! They had other items on sale, but the majority were for catching & storing pee. Trying to act nonchalant, I found the ‘Adult Section’ & the nappies. There were two main types, a panty style & a triangular one which fastened at the sides. I decided on these because I imagined Peter would prefer to watch me with something similar to what an old style nappy was like. 

There were plain white ones, which looked a bit too functional, so I went for one with a floral pattern. It made them almost pretty, given the job they had to do. There were different size packs. I chose the 20s as I imagined Peter being Peter would want to watch me again & again. I would get through them all eventually. Tucking it under my arm I began to browse. There was some very thick towelling panties, plastics of all descriptions, some patterned ones with lace trimming. That amused me.

Suddenly it came into my head. ‘Why didn’t I think of that before?’. I almost said it out loud! Quickly picking up two pairs of towelling & two of the floral plastics, I hurried to the counter.

“These are lovely, aren’t they?”

She spoke as she put the floral pack into a bag.

“If you are going to wear them you might as well be fashionable.”

They were hardly ‘fashionable’, but I got her drift.

“We have plain colours too but only in the panty style.”

She went on to tell me what else they had, what was on order, frankly & without any noticeable self consciousness. She was probably used to it, I decided, after all it was her world. There was a new style coming, a bikini brief,

“Where the load is not as great,” she added giving me an almost knowing smile. I wasn’t sure why she told me, unless she thought they were for me. They certainly were, but not in a way she would ever understand.

“There for my Gran.”

I suddenly thought, ‘Why am I justifying it! I’m getting like Peter.’

She gave me a sympathetic smile, making me blush a little. I couldn’t tell if I was being believed or not. As she passed over the bag, she gave me a lovely warm smile.

“See you again.”

“Yes”

I said it automatically. I was quite sure this little lot would keep us going for a while, hopefully see Peter’s curiosity out.

I was eager to move on, get to the next shop before it closed. The first thing I picked up was a gear bag & began filling it with everything I thought I would need. The checkout girl went through it, scanning piece by piece, smiling. While I waited there, it was on special, my piece de resistance. ‘Yes’, I thought.

“And I will take one of those too.”

I bought the box over for scanning.

“I’m going to a Shower this weekend.”

“Right, well you certainly have covered everything.”

We exchanged smiles as I loaded it into a trolley & headed for my car. ‘Two more stops’ I said to myself, as I headed down to the shopping centre. The first was quick & easy, baby food. I only just made it into the second as they were closing. Tops. Fortunately it didn’t take long because I knew exactly what I wanted.

Mission accomplished, I began to realise I needed to pee badly. I had pushed it to the back of my mind, but as I made my way home, it decided it was not going to be ignored any longer. Closing my garage door, I intended to wet my pants, then sort through what I had got. Once inside I thought, ‘Why not?’. I got out the pack of nappies. As desperate as it was becoming, I managed to hold on just long enough to slip my skirt & pants off before putting one on. It took a couple of attempts to get it right. I was ready. Unsure of what it would handle, I decided to play it safe & wandered outside onto the deck. I started releasing as I went. It was an amazing feeling, warm & comforting. The nappy took it all without spilling a drop. I stood by the railing & savoured the wonderful new sensation. It felt too good to end too soon, so I left it on. I came back in & began preparing for tomorrow night.

First it was the gear bag. Everything was taken out. I worked through, taking it out of its packaging, washing & cleaning as I went. By the time I finished, the contents covered my dining table completely. I hadn’t realised how much I had bought. As I worked, I felt a bit of pressure. It wasn’t a full bladder, but I let it go just the same. The warmth flooded & swirled round my vagina again, setting it off in a flurry of contractions. It took several moments before I could continue. Every tiny movement reminded me of what I was wearing. Along the way, if I felt pressure, I let it go, pausing until my vagina had finished its welcome. I sorted & carefully packed it away, loading it into the car ready for the morning. As I made my way back, the nappy leaked, sending small trickles down the insides of my legs. That was a very pleasant feeling too. I had no hesitation heading to the bathroom, taking it off, and replacing it with a fresh one.

I sat outside with a cup of tea planning my Friday night surprise. Now that everything was ready, I was starting to look forward to it. I was certainly going over the top a bit, but that was half the fun, especially as he wouldn’t see it coming & was going to be ambushed. I let go slowly into my nappy, smiling to myself. ‘God that feels so good!’. I went over it in my mind, checking every tiny detail, making sure I had everything I needed. Once in there & started, I wouldn’t be able to go & find anything I had forgotten. 

Thinking back to what Jane carted around with her, I’m sure I had it all. Another short leak in my nappy & my vagina started again. I slipped my hand down the front to check just how wet I am, brushing my clitoris unintentionally, setting it off too. It begged for my attention, so I gave it some. My tempo rose quickly & I found myself masturbating as hard as the restrictions of the nappy would allow. Pee ran up through the opening my hand had made, wetting my blouse. I didn’t care. It could be washed after. All I cared about was getting to my orgasm. It came quickly & thrilled me. I began puffing & panting, my heart almost pounding out of my chest. I twitched & shuddered through, leaving me floating, almost literally, in my afterglow. It had been a strong climax indeed & my contractions continued for sometime after.

I was far from finished, deciding to play the rest out in bed. Even though I had held the nappy to the side to let out any excess, once disturbed it didn’t seal properly again. Pee trickled down my legs as I walked down to my ensuite, increasing the anticipation I already had. The temptation to masturbate in the shower was enormous but I resisted, keeping it quick, so I could hurry getting into bed. It felt a little naughty, taking the wrapper off another fresh nappy, carefully placing it before sealing against my skin. I got it tighter this time. The pressure on my clitoris sent waves through my legs. I couldn’t wait to masturbate. 

The tight restriction for my hand added to the whole pleasure & soon I was well on my way, past the point of no return. On & on, another orgasm overtook my body. It led straight into another. I was enjoying the constrains the nappy was providing, making me feel young again & doing something naughty. That added to the thrill I was experiencing. Another followed, then another, before my build up to a final climax. It seemed to be the fulfilment the others had been preparing me for. Tucking up into a ball, almost foetal in position, with my hand still in my nappy, firmly pressed between my legs, before sleep came.

I woke to the pressure of a full bladder. My hand was still wedged down the front of my nappy. I pressed against my vagina, seeking out the urethra, which felt quite swollen, holding back my pee. I slowly released & felt the wondrous sensation of my flooding nappy. I didn’t want it to end. I had started to masturbate before pushing the last few spurts out. My orgasm came quickly, with an intensity which told me I was going to do this again. Second & third climaxes followed before reluctantly dragging myself out of bed. 

In the shower, I washed away my sins, freshening up for the day ahead. It occupied my subconscious all day long, getting my pants in such a state I had to change them 3 times, after masturbating in the Ladies. It refreshed my interest again, not that it had ever left me, but it could always do with a boost from time to time. The nappies had done that. But most of all, I was looking forward to the evening with him. What would he make of me? What I have done? I didn’t really care because I was looking forward to it in a way that surprised & delighted me. The afternoon dragged by, until finally, it was time to go.

I sat on one of the morning tea chairs with my comb in hand, sticking straight up.

“Pigtails!”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes.”

“But you have such pretty hair.”

“I’m meeting a friend from Uni & I’m going to surprise her to see if she remembers. When we were studying together, she always put her hair up. She called them Pigs Tails. I wonder if she will too. It has always been a standing joke between us.”

It was entirely fictitious, but sounded convincing enough, not that she had any reason to doubt me. A quick trip to the Ladies. Checking in the mirror, yes, she had done a good job. One last orgasm, careful to hold in my pee. Then it was down to my car. Reversing in, my anticipation was building. As he opened the door, I stood behind it out of sight.

“Turn around.”

“Why?”

“Just do as you are told & don’t peep or I will go home.”

“Yeah sure.”

He was being flippant.

“I haven’t done so yet, but if you don’t turn round, tonight will be the night!”

He got the message.

“Now don’t turn back until I tell you.”

He stood with his back to me as I carted in the gear bag & the box. He started to turn.

“PETER! I mean it!”

He quickly turned away again.

“Stay as you are until I say so. If you turn round or come in, you will have an early ride home on the train tonight. Understand?”

“Yes.”

I pulled the door to as I went into the workroom, got everything set up before changing. Everything that was ‘Rebecca’ was put away out of sight.

“Daddy? …………. Daddy?”

He arrived at the door & his mouth dropped wide open.

“Becky wants her bottle?”

I put on a baby’s voice. He stood & stared. I had set up my playpen on a rug in the middle of the room & had everything I needed, soft toys, squeaky toys, books, a comfort blanket, the lot. Having changed, I was now wearing a pink top with teddy bears on the front, no bra underneath, a nappy with plastic over pants & hand knitted Bed Socks I had found at a craft shop, after a long hunt at lunchtime. Tied up with pink satin ribbons they made realistic looking bootees. He walked towards me his face changing from surprise to delight as he surveyed all before him. I already had the feeder bottles out, the jug boiling & tea bags ready. He seemed to accept his roll immediately & moved to the bench making up a bottle for me with tea. Returning, he stood by the playpen. I held up my arms indicating I wanted to be lifted which he did. I sat on his knee & cuddled right into his chest while he fed me. I had come well prepared. My bladder was very full. I finished my bottle.

“Has Becky been a good girl?”

He looked unsure but then reach down & felt the front of my nappy.

“Inside silly Daddy.”

I pushed his hand down the front of my nappy. Reaching my vagina, I let go a flood. He tried to withdraw quickly but I held it where it was & just looked at him. I could see he didn’t know what he should do. Then a finger moved, seeking out my urethra while watching my face carefully. I smiled my approval. He was very nervous so I moved to reassure him.

“It’s alright Daddy, I won’t tell Mummy you touched Becky’s wee wee.”

That got a very broad smile & he began deliberately playing in my stream. I held his gaze & smiled. It felt brilliant, much better than when I had done it. He was trembling all over, but I was not surprised, it was purely sexual, nothing more for both of us. I suspected he realised that. I leaked it out to make it last as long as possible. He seemed to realise, smiling as he fiddled. There was an intense silence between us, only the hissing in my nappy & the sloshing of his busy fingers. I pushed & pushed at the end forcing my erect urethra against his finger, giving him every last drop in my bladder, prolonging our pleasure as long as I could. I turned over my bottom lip.

“I’m all wet Daddy.”

He gave me a wonderful smile.

“Do you want Daddy to change you?”

“Yes please.”

He put me down in the playpen, gave me a teddy & began going through the gear bag. Every now & then he found something that made him smile. A trip down memory lane for him I imagined. All that had squeaks made noise. Armed with everything he needed, after spreading out the changing mat, he lifted me out & laid me down. I sucked my thumb & cooed, playing while he went to work undoing my wet nappy. Lifting my legs high, he slipped the old one out & the fresh one under. All the time I played with my top, lifting it up over my head so my breasts tumbled & swayed. His eyes darted between what he was doing & my mobile breasts.

I managed to catch his eye a couple of times & got a very broad smile as I giggled like a little girl. Thoroughly wiped, dried & powdered, he attached the new nappy. I kept busy pulling my top right down over the plastic pants he was putting on me then right up over my face so my breasts rolled. Giggling, I playing peek-a-boo with him from under. He was playing along with me, loving every moment. Preparing another bottle, I cuddled up again as he fed me. What followed was an evening of pure infantilism with Peter assuming the roll of ‘Daddy’ & taking it very seriously indeed.

As fast as he fed me bottles, I peed. I had bought all of the nappies. Just as well. Each time he changed me, I played peek-a-boo with my top to show off my breasts. Knowing I was not going to stop him, as soon as I let on I was ready to pee, he was quick to get his hand down the front of my nappy & felt me. He played with my urethra, stopping my pee at times so it sprinkled back into play. We didn’t need to worry about any mess, it was all contained. When I wasn’t feeding, he put me in my playpen. I rolled & frolicked for him, showing my breasts every chance I got.

When dinner time arrived, he heated up the baby food I had brought, putting it in the baby’s dish & using the special baby’s spoon. I didn’t make it easy for him, turning my head away, spitting it out, wiping it all over my face & in my hair. His impatience grew. I pushed his hand away & he smacked me. I opened my mouth & roared. I didn’t think it had been deliberate exactly, just a sign of his growing frustration with my behaviour. It hadn’t been all that hard.

“I’m sorry Becky but you are making Daddy very angry. Now eat up your din dins properly like a good girl & Daddy won’t have to smack you again.”

I didn’t, so he smacked again, harder this time. I roared again but kept doing it. After many attempts & several smacks, he gave up. He tried to clean me up. In spite of the obstacles I put in his way, he did manage to get there in the end & got most of it out of my hair. He seemed relieved once I had settled back down. All he had to do then was feed me bottles & change me after I had wet.

His fiddling while I was peeing was definitely getting to me, along with the thrill I was getting from being a baby. I was enjoying & making the most of it, knowing that I would need to masturbate before too long. He seemed captivated, watching my every move, as if he was reliving his time as a dad to his boys. Little did he realise just how much I was enjoying it too. It was everything, the sights, sounds, sensations, but most of all, the smells. Everything from the plastics, powder & nappies themselves, but most of all it was my pee. For some reason it smelled different, stronger, more pungent & I was getting intoxicated by it. A hand went down the front of my nappy & I felt myself peeing. Before I could think about it, it was there.

“Becky’s being wude Daddy!”

His eyes narrowed as I dragged myself up the side of the playpen. My hand deeply engrossed & busy in the front of my nappy, obvious to him as it echoed what was going on inside.

“Your not angry with Becky being naughty are you Daddy?”

It was an exquisite feeling, the likes of which I had never experienced before. My nappy was getting wetter by the moment as I let myself leak into the warmth & softness. I had masturbated in my pants before & been excited by the constrains, but this was even better again, so much better than I could ever imagine.

I started to frig for all I was worth, clinging onto the top rail, staring at him, telling everything that was going on through my face. His erection was huge & throbbing.

“Becky’s a bad girl, isn’t she Daddy?”

The whole infant fantasy was powerful.

“Bad girl, aren’t I Daddy?”

I just kept leaking, heaven knows where it was coming from, but my nappy was getting more & more sodden. It was so near, yet so far. Part of me wanted it to end, disappear over the top into the precipice of pleasure, but another part wanted it to last forever. At last it was there for the taking so I did, stole it away. My hand was pounding inside my nappy, fingers each side of my aching clitoris squeezing as I rubbed. He was watching in awe, aware now that something spectacular was going on. It was all I could do to hold on as wave after wave of thrills swept over me from everywhere, all heading to my vagina. I lost my grip, fell & lolled around the rug, booties curling, knees collapsing as I rode the ecstasy out.

Time for my nappy change. I’m not sure what made me do it. Once he had released the tabs at the sides & folded down the front, I tucked my knees right up to my breasts. I let them fall apart as far as I was comfortable with. Having watch Jane changing her little ones, I knew just how exposed I was. He had seen me from every imaginable angle by then, but not quite as revealing as this. I remained still & let him look between my labia for as long as he wished.

There were a few involuntary contractions which drew a smile, but apart from an occasional glance up at me, his focus was my vagina & everything it contained. I thought, ‘What the hell’ & relaxed, feeling my urine trickle out. I could see it, like the springs on the farm. A tiny geyser, babbling down my fold. I could feel it along the crack of my bum. It drenched my nappy further, captivating him. My change was clinical, confirming what I thought. It had been very intense for him too. I started to roll & play but he seemed to have been more impressed by my brook.

As pleasant as it was, it did little to quell my desire.

“Becky wants to be wude again Daddy.”

His face changed instantly & he began breathing heavily. I lifted up my top & slid a hand down the front of my nappy.

“Mmmmmm! Becky’s being a bad, bad girl, isn’t she Daddy.”

He didn’t speak, just watched intently. I quickly located my clitoris & began.

“I’m being a naughty girl, aren’t I Daddy.”

“Mm!”

It was more of a squeak as he acknowledged me. I picked up the rhythm very quickly & knew it wouldn’t be long. His eyes were on my hand busy inside the nappy.

“Don’t tell Mummy I am being wude will you Daddy?”

I was getting into stride now thoroughly enjoying myself.

“You won’t spank me for being wude will you Daddy?”

He was to engrossed to answer.

“Daddy …… Daddy …….. OH DADDY!”

I rocked & rolled across the playpen, again & again as my orgasm quickly engulfed my body.

“I’m being wude Daddy …… berry , berry wude.”

My orgasm was clear to see. Even though I couldn’t see his erection sticking out, he was so aroused watching me. I never took my eyes off him, staring the whole time while my face did its usual calisthenics. He had taken his eyes off the front of my nappy & was staring back into my eyes too. There was a strong feeling between us as I shared my intimacy with him. Gradually slowing, I settled back down, sitting cross legged in the middle of the playpen, my hand still buried between my legs.

“I’m all wet Daddy!”

It took him quite a while before he had calmed down enough to lift me out for a change.

I tried to play peek-a-boo with him but he was too serious. Masturbating in my nappy had a big affect on him. He worked away quietly, staring at my vagina once it was revealed, transfixed, lost in a world of his own. Not that it bothered me, I was content to play & play, kicking & lifting my top, giving him show after show, but it was what was showing below that took his concentration. It was not as if he was seeing it for the first time so it had to be the setting, not what it was but where. Even after holding my ankles & lifting my bottom right up to place a clean dry one, he was still looking intently. I continued to kick & hide until a smile appeared on his face. Drawing the sides in, he fixed me firmly into my nap. After feeding me 2 bottles, he lifted me back into the pen & settled down to watch.

It seemed no time before it was change time again. He lifted me out & checked. Then it happened! He had been playing with my urethra, rubbing while I was peeing. I let him go just a bit too far.

“Don’t stop doing that Daddy.”

He realised something was happening. His face quickly became earnest.

“What?”

“Don’t stop Daddy.”

He seemed unsure if he should carry on. I grabbed his wrist & moved it up & down. That got him started again, moving up to my clitoris. Placing his fingers each side, proceeding to masturbate me as he had seen me doing to myself many times before. I passed the point of no return & was hanging, knowing a little more from him would finish me off. It did.

“Daddy’s making Becky be wude!”

I didn’t have to say anymore, it was clear I was climaxing. He watched in awe, while tinkering with my clitoris. It wasn’t dramatic, just extremely pleasant & very intense. I smiled as it passed over the whole of my body, twitching, which he was obviously very aware of. It hadn’t stopped me peeing, which only added to the intensity. I knew it had been in spurts. As I floated into a wonderful after glow, my pee stream steadied & continued until my bladder was completely drained. Carrying on as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened, he simply stared before laying me on the changing mat & proceeded to take off my wet nappy. I could see it had got him very aroused but carried on playing peek-a-boo anyway.

Instead of putting me back in the play pen with my bottle he cuddled me onto his knee & fed me. One bottle, a second, then a third. I took them. Then I sucked my dummy while he read me stories, showing the pictures in the book. He played with my teddy & toys with me. I really did feel like a little girl with him, as he took on the roll of Daddy seriously. It was a wonderful time for me, far more enjoyable than I ever imagined it would be. I felt a growing pressure, different to the usual pressure I share with him.

I could have, several times before. It was just that he hadn’t asked. What would he make of this? How will he cope?

“Daddy?”

“Yes Darling?”

He put down the book & smiled at me. With that, I screwed up my face & began to strain. His breathing instantly got heavier as he watched my expressions. I slowly fill my nappy. I was very noisy, grunting & groaning which was matched by the crackle & plops of the ever increasing lump. I pushed & pushed until there was no more left inside me. The look on his face showed how aroused & intense he was becoming. I turned over my bottom lip.

“I’ve done poos Daddy.”

He was noticeably shaking. It had a far greater affect on him than I expected it would. He had to clear his throat a couple of times before he could speak. Even then his voice was quaking.

“Come here Darling & let Daddy change you.”

He unpinned the nappy & lifted my legs up as if he was going to take it out from under, but lowered me back down instead. The smell was very strong to me. I wondered what it must have been like for him. I like the smell of my own farts & found this quite erotic. He seemed to be peering at the mess trying to workout what he was going to do.

“Stay still, Daddy will be back in a moment.”

He went across & filled a bowl, got extra wipes, a towel & a disposal bag. On his return, going to work removing what I imagined were the big bits that had stuck, before starting to wash me thoroughly. At one point he lifted me again & washed right up to the small of my back. It must have been a huge load. He slid the nappy out from under progressively as he cleaned until it was freed. I got a glimpse of it as he fed it into the bag. I could see my mess had spread everywhere. That done he tidied up, disposing of the used wipes, before changing the water in the bowl. He went back over me completely with a cloth, patted me dry & powdering.

“There, does that feel better?”

“Much fank you Daddy!”

It was as if that was the highpoint of the evening, we had done all there was to do. It would be a little earlier than our usual finish. We had only used nappies, so the towelling pants would have to wait until another time. It wasn’t long before I was ready & let him feel me wetting one last time. He played for a long time after & I let him have his fill.

“Fank you Daddy.”

He smiled.

“You are Daddy’s favourite little girl Becky.”

“Am I Daddy.”

I had pleased him beyond my expectations. He took off my nappy, wiped & powder me before I got up, running around giggling. He joined in playing my game.

“Daddy will get your bottom.”

He pinched at me as I squealed & tried to keep out of his way. Once clear, I lifted my top right up, wiggling my hips, teasing him until he made a lunge. I scrambled out of reach. It was 10 minutes of silly childish fun which left us both exhausted, before letting myself be caught & cuddled. Unexpectedly he kissed me. I didn’t stop him, letting it drift on long & deep. We reluctantly broke off.

“I love you Daddy!”

“I love you too Becky.”

I wasn’t sure what made me say it, just popped out. I meant it in a way & wondered if he did to. This had been our most intimate evening in many ways. It wasn’t surprising emotions got the better of us at the end.

We got up slowly.

“What do you want to do with all of this?”

I hadn’t really thought when I bought it.

“Will we use it again?”

He didn’t seem sure, shrugging his shoulders.

“We could put it in the store room?”

He wasn’t keen.

“Would you like me to take it with me?”

That was it.

“If you don’t mind.”

“No, no of course not.”

He began packing up & getting it ready.

“I’ll give you a hand in a minute.”

I got busy changing back, taking out my pigtails & giving my hair a good brushing into shape. We were ready at almost the same time. He helped me stack it back in the car.

“What will I do with these?”

It was the bag of wet nappies including the soiled one.

“There is a bin over there.”

He looked shocked.

“Got a better idea.”

He didn’t. Lifting the lid, he slung them in, looking round the whole time as if Old Nick would catch him.

We pulled out of the drive.

“What made you think of that?”

“I don’t know. I had to do something between nappy changes. Enjoy it?”

“Mm!”

I could see him looking at me out of the corner of my eye & he was smiling.

“I never expected you would go that far.”

“You should know me by now, if I’m going to do something, I do it properly.”

I stopped at our usual haunt & squatted in the open door for him before doing the same at the station.

“Thank you for that.”

“That’s okay. …………………… Peter?”

He turned. I kissed him deeply. He started to get agitated.

“What if someone sees?”

“Who?”

The carpark was deserted.

“Don’t you like me kissing you?”

“Mm!”

Our lips met again. The minutes passed. I wanted him to touch me, feel me, but knew I shouldn’t suggest it. If he’d wanted to fuck me, I wouldn’t have stopped him.

“See you next week.”

“Yes, yes.”

He was very reluctant to leave.

There were 8 left. I decided I could always get more if he wanted to watch me wetting them again. It was only supposed to be until they ran out, but they were a comfort to sleep in. Then there was the thrill of wetting them in the morning. It had become a prelude to some pretty intense orgasms. As I put the last in its disposal bag, I was finished with them. That was going to be it.

