Becky

Author: Tinkle01

*002*2022-12-12 18:54

PART 3

My body was tingling with anticipation, as I sped down to pick up Karen. It had been 3 weeks. I was really looking forward to dressing up with her again. I had on my own since last time. As much as I had enjoyed it before our first time together, somehow it wasn’t the same anymore. I hadn’t needed to call in for more supplies, the cloths taking much of the load at home. I got a wonderful tingling feeling, hanging them out on the line, secretly hoping someone would notice and wonder. I was now running very low. Time to stock up, get another dozen cloths and wait until she was ready. She had a look of anticipation on her face when I arrived. We exchanged smiles.

Even though there were people still in the shop, she got that look on her face. I could hear a faint hiss coming from her nappy as I nodded inconspicuously. After she had finished, I moved closer and let go, just as a customer approached the counter. My hiss was more noticeable. The woman looked down at my bulky skirt, smiling. It was then I realise the she was wearing a nappy too. While I couldn’t hear her hiss, she was wetting just the same. I headed down to gather up my supplies while Karen served. By the time I got back to the counter the woman had gone. Karen had such a delightful look on her face.

“A regular?”

“She’s like us, always wearing.”

“And wetting?”

“They all do in front of me.”

I was quite envious in a way. She put through the sale and we wet together again.

“I won’t be long.”

“Take you time, there’s no rush.”

“Yes there is! I can’t wait to get to your place again.”

I could see it was true.

Since my last visit I had been thinking. Although unlikely, I would have some very difficult explaining to do if someone turned up out of the blue. I converted one of the spare bedrooms to a nursery with everything we needed, temporary of course, but helped set the mood for the day’s activities! Karen stood at the door and held her face.

“OH MY GOD!”

I found myself blushing a little.

“You really have gone for it!”

“Don’t you like it?”

“NO! …………. I LOVE IT!”

A warm glow went through me. While I hadn’t done it just for her, it meant a lot that I had her approval.

“Look at all this.”

I was still blushing.

“I have been collecting it up.”

“I never knew there was so much stuff for ABGs.”

I had found several ABG shops on line.

“WOW!”

She was flabbergasted.

“I have some new tops.”

She ran her eyes over them displayed on the bed.

“WOW!”

”Um? I hope you don’t mind, but I bought a potty each for us, so we can pee together.”

“HAVE YOU?”

Everything was impressing her, leaving me with a really warm feeling.

“I have tried mine out and it is big enough, just.”

She had her mouth wide open.

“Where?”

She hadn’t noticed but they were right beside her on the floor. There was no hesitation!

“I have to go!”

With that, much to my astonishment, her nappy came off and she sat. There was no coyness on her part and I could see everything as the potty slowly filled. There wasn’t much, but she just had to give it a go. Looking up and smiling, obviously enjoying all the trappings of being a baby girl. I smiled back, thinking, ‘If you were only here now Peter Parker!’. In a way, seeing another woman pee for the first time, I could understand his curiosity and even his fascination, but not his total obsession. This was one he would just have to go without!

She couldn’t wait to get dressed. We both stripped down watching each other and giggling as we went. She was spoiled for choice. I was in no rush. I had already tried them on, even worn them to bed since they turned up. Ready for a change and the play pen, dressed up to the nines in bonnets and bootees. I spread out the changing mat and lifted her off the potty, still dripping and laid her down before getting to work washing, drying and powdering.

“Cloth?”

“Yes please Mummy.”

She was impressed how much my folding skills had improved since last time. I had been putting myself in cloth naps nightly since our last afternoon together.

“Fank you Mummy.”

I had made up several bottles and put them in a cooler bag. I took a couple out as she wriggled across and lay on my lap. They were bigger bottles I had found on the net. She made short work of them. Lifting her over my shoulder I rubbed her back making her burp loudly 4 times.

“There, is that better Misty?”

“Yes Mummy.”

Since she had set the tone, I regressed, peeling off my nappy and sat on the potty.

“Good Girl!”

She made no attempt to pretend and watched between my legs while I was peeing, bending and looking into the potty as the level increased.

“You’re such a good girl Becky!”

Much to my surprise, I was enjoying peeing in front of her just as much as Peter. The new potty was quite a lot bigger and gave a much better view. As I finished, she got busy getting everything ready. She had me wiped, dried, powdered and snugly fitting into a clean dry cloth nappy in no time.

“Is that better Becky?”

“Yes fank you Mummy.”

“What would Becky like to wear today?”

“My Bunnies.”

She sorted through and found it, slipping it over my head. 2 bottles administered and we were ready for the play pen.

I hadn’t said anything, thought I would surprise her and I did. I introduced the 2 new dolls. One had been as I expected, vinyl, with a pouting mouth ready for suckling and an opening for wetting. The other, made of silicone, was a wetting doll too, with a pouting mouth, but had been a great deal more expensive. When it arrived I had discovered why. I had dressed them both and put them in a nappy ready for her to play. She looked up at me and smiled. Dolls were obviously her thing. She quickly regressed, choosing the expensive one, introducing it to her nipple. I watched her ‘feeding’. She was a natural, just like Jane, taking it very seriously. She followed up with a bottle. It was time to change her.

She covered her face and gasped. The doll had nipples so realistic, they were not unlike her own, a thin crack, pouting a little with a ‘urethra’ tucked away inside and a vagina that took my little finger. She even had the form of an anus, but that opening was not functional. I wondered why at the time, since they had gone to such great lengths elsewhere. But it was the form and texture that had stunned me most. Now Misty. It had been offered as being ‘Realistic and Lifelike’ but I hadn’t expected it to be quite so. She stared and stared, looking across at me and smiling her approval. Much to my surprise, she stroked the doll’s cleft as if it was her own.

The afternoon progressed similar to our first time together. Misty regressed more. I lost my inhibitions and joined her. As much as we were both enjoying being babies, changing was a highlight for us. She always took her time, peeling my labia back and thoroughly exploring what I kept inside. There was no reticence on her part, looking up at me, smiling her approval. I smiled back, allowing her as much time and space as she required to satisfy her curiosity completely. I found her vagina compelling too, taking just as long acquainting myself with her folds and furrows. It seemed a shame to call it a cunt, even though it is what I would have. There was a pure virgin innocence about her.

Was I the same? Did my vagina change after I gave away my virginity and become a cunt? I didn’t know. Her clitoris was there, quite distinct amongst the flesh glistening pinkness, her urethra, just a slit at the end of a tiny nub standing slightly proud, distinct from her labia and then her vaginal opening, much tighter than my own I imagined. Was that a hint of her hymen? No longer a diaphragm but a clear line on her vaginal wall, still to be stretched and finally dissolved. The last remnant of her virtue. Her anus was so small and taunt. I wondered if mine had ever been like that before the invitations I have issued. I could have spent the whole afternoon changing her but the need to be babies took over.

“Enjoy that?”

“Yes!”

It came back very firmly.

“I really like the changing, you don’t mind, do you?”

“Not for a moment. I enjoy it too.”

“I thought you might.”

It was after 5 and we were drying ourselves after taking turns in the shower. It had been a full afternoon, dinner and bottle feeding which we had taken in turns. I was surprised how comfortable and relaxed we were together, so much so that I had regressed almost as much as her. We kept an eye on each other, naked together. I’m sure she hesitated when my eyes wandered to her vagina . Dressed, it was time for home.

“I think I might get one of those dolls. Where did you get yours.”

I told her and how much it had cost. She winced.

“I will have to save up.”

I smiled.

“You can have her if you like.”

“I couldn’t, not that expensive.”

“I don’t mind. I’m not trying to make you feel awful, but I can afford it easier than you, so it won’t be a hardship for me. She is yours from now on. One day, you never can tell, you might be able to take her home and let her sleep with you.”

She was all smiles.

“I don’t know how to thank you. She will be special, very special.”

We travelled in silence, the look on her face said she was miles away, daydreaming about her new found lifestyle I imagined.

“Do they make Boys too.”

“Yes they do. I saw them listed.”

“Are they like ……….”

“I imagine so. I didn’t know what she was like before she arrived and I undressed her.”

“She really is a BG isn’t she?”

“Would be hard to tell the difference if you didn’t know.”

She smiled.

I went back to the site. Dolls were available in a range of ethnicity’s, mainly females, but there were 2 males, circumcised and uncircumcised. While I much prefer my males uncircumcised, I chose the circumcised, for curiosity, if nothing else. He turned up a fortnight later and yes, he was just as anatomically correct as his sister. Even though I had never changed a baby, I had caught glimpses of my nephews. I was fascinated by the size of their balls, considering how small they are. I wasn’t disappointed. His were just as big. His little foreskin was cute, a “collar “ for his equally explicit head. He had a tiny slit eye, surrounding as textured as his sister. I spent ages feeding and pushing out spurts, as well as dribbles. I couldn’t wait to show Karen what I had discovered. Next time we got together I introduced him to her. She was just as fascinated as I had been, playing at making him pee. We got the female and did the same. She peed the same as we do.

We had been getting together regularly. This would be our 7th afternoon. She was in her element. From the moment her top went on she regressed completely. Most of her time was spent feeding and changing the dolls. As much as I enjoyed it, regressing wasn’t as easy for me. I would be fine, then it’s as if I heard myself and it sobered me up. If she noticed, she never let on. I could see her mood coming down the road, bright and cheery, all smiles.

“How are you?”

“Great.”

I didn’t really have to ask. She started to chatter the moment she closed the door.

“Mum came into work yesterday.”

So that was it.

“That was a big surprise.”

“No, not really. She asked me when I left for work in the morning.”

“How did you feel?”

“Really scared.”

“How did it go?”

“Great. She was fine. We had lunch together.”

“Did she see you in your nappy?”

“Mm!”

“What did she say?”

“Nothing, but she smiled.”

“Did you wear it to lunch?”

“Mm!”

“And?”

“Everyone stared, but she just smiled back at them. They knew, her and Dad, they have always known.”

“Why didn’t they say something?”

“Waiting to see if I was going to grow out of it, she said, but have now decided to accept me just the way I am. I don’t have to hide anymore.”

“Oh Karen, I am so pleased for you.”

I reached over and squeezed her hand. She took it, squeezing me back. She couldn’t take the grin off her face.

“So what happened?”

“Nothing really. We had a long talk. I’m allowed to wear them around the house and in bed at nights. She asked if I wanted her to change me and I said yes, Dad too if he wants to.”

“That’s was a surprise.”

She smiled.

“It’s what I wanted most of all. He changed me last night and she did this morning. They are going to take turns.”

I didn’t have to ask if she was happy, it was written all over her face.

“Had you wet in your sleep?”

“Mm!”

“I don’t wet in mine, don’t want to start a habit which might be hard to break. I do it in the morning when I wake up just to enjoy the feeling. Sometimes I don’t have a shower until after breakfast to make it last.”

“Well I don’t care. I’m an ABG and that’s what ABG’s do.”

I could see she didn’t, not one little bit.

“How was your Dad when you got home?”

“Great! But then he always has been. He asked how long I had been shaving. I told him I have never had hair. I guessed Mum must have told him. I didn’t realise she knew. Then he said that he uses the razors too.”

She smiled again, acknowledging all her efforts to keep it secret had been a total waste of time.

“He asked if I wanted to get rid of it permanently. I said yes but it is so expensive. He offered to pay for the laser treatment for me.”

“That’s great! Save you a lot of money.”

“I said it could be about $4000. He said it doesn’t matter, they will pay whatever it costs.”

She seemed shy again.

“Do you know what was best?”

“Try me?”

She blushed.

“How he looked when he was changing me. He smiled. It was even nicer than the way you look when you are.”

That was a real revelation! I had no idea I had a special look while being Mummy. Being looked at was a part of it for her too.

“You don’t mind him seeing you?”

She smiled shyly.

“No. Can I tell you the truth?”

“Yes, of course you can.”

“I really like it, like him seeing me. Mum too! I don’t worry, he would never take advantage of me, he’s not like that. I know he loves seeing me too.”

She was quiet for a while.

“Mum asked me where I go on Saturday afternoons and I told her. I think they knew I was up to something and it had to do with ABGs. That’s why she wanted to talk to me. You don’t mind, do you?”

No one else knows about my secret habit and I wasn’t sure I wanted them to. It was none of their business after all. I understood, she had to tell her something. It was unlikely to go any further.

“No, not really.”

“It’s alright, I didn’t tell them who you were or where you live, just that you have a very important job and drive a really nice car.”

I was astonished. I had never talked about what I do but she seemed to know.

“I told her we dress up. She said she doesn’t mind if I do at home. I might for bed, but I still want to come to you, if that’s okay?”

“Of course. I really like our Saturday afternoons together.”

“I do too. Being babies together and mummies as well. I hope you don’t mind but I really like looking at you and I like you looking at me too.”

“I don’t mind one little bit.”

“So you are not upset with me?”

“No, of course not.”

She heaved a sigh of relief. It had obviously been bothering her.

“I wore a nappy home on the Bus, a full one and every one stared. I had plastics on too. They were really noisy. I never used to wear one when I’m not at work. When the bikini’s came in, I could get away with it. I used to hide them and take them back to work to get rid of them. Mum knew of course.”

“It is hard to keep anything from your parents. We think we are being so cleaver but they nearly always know what’s going on. And at home?”

“It felt funny for a start. My brother and sister kept staring at me but I didn’t care. When Dad came home, he just said how nice I looked. It made me feel really great so I wet myself in front of him. He knew what I was doing and smiled while he watched until I finished.”

She smiled at her new freedom.

“Dad never watches TV, not even the News or Sport. He reads a lot instead, if he is not watching porn. He has a special room he goes to in the evenings. He has made it soundproof. You can’t hear the TV or anything in there.”

‘Or hear what he is watching also’, I wondered?

“When I was young, I used to sit on his knee when I needed a cuddle. He put his arm round me while he read and I sucked my thumb. I sat on his knee last night for the first time since then. He never said anything, even with my thumb in my mouth, just cuddled me while he was reading. I wet my nappy and I’m pretty sure he knew. Mum came in at bed time and smiled at me. She asked if I needed to be changed. I told her Dad would. She offered to change me this morning and I said yes. My nappy was very wet. She smiled. She had made up a bottle for me to have after. I was so happy I cried. She comforted me and said everything will be alright. The bottles did their job making me wet all morning long.”

There were tears in her eyes.

We had a wonderful afternoon together. If anything she seemed to regress more than usual and wet a lot more. One thing that was clear was that she was happy, happier than I had ever seen her before. We took turns at being ‘Mummy’. I wasn’t sure why, but I enjoyed it a lot more. She had always liked to ‘kick’, as Jane called it, and had a way of hanging on to one foot and rolling from side to side which I loved to watch. She would be naked from the waist down, vagina clearly on show, enjoying being a little girl. I was happy to let her go. She carried on longer than usual.

After what she had said, I gave up all charades about whether I was looking or not, doing so openly. Glancing up and catching her eye, smiling, getting baby goos and giggles in return. I was even more open about it when it was my turn to ‘kick’, making it last longer too. She gazed down with such a wonderful look on her face. It was as if the gloves came off that afternoon and the whole pretence of what we were doing disappeared. She suggested we ’go potty’ before showering. Looking became a part of the new etiquette. I had no hesitation, squatting over the small pink plastic potty, much to her delight. That was how our afternoons would begin and end from then on. Peeping was replaced by open looking when changing and showering. I was enjoying her attention in the same way I enjoyed Peter’s.

With Karen’s new found freedom, there was no longer any need for her to head home in pants. We both dressed in nappies, cloths at her suggestion and rustley plastics. They were clumsy things to wear, bulky, but that was part of the fun. We didn’t dress in our gear, just threw on a skirt and top for the dropping off.

“Would you like to come in?”

“No, I had better not.”

“I would like you to meet my Mum and Dad, let them know I’m not the only one?”

I didn’t want to, definitely didn’t, but couldn’t really refuse. After all this was a critical time for her coming out, so to speak. She needed all the support and reassurance she could get.

“Well just for a minute, I do have to be getting back.”

It felt very strange being introduced to her mother, Emily, by my baby name of ‘Becky’, given the background of my friendship with her daughter. There was no doubt where she had come from, Emily was just the same, slim with little detectable bust, quite plain, straight neatly cut hair and no frills. She was so open, it felt strange, almost uncomfortable, talking frankly about something so personal. Max came into the Kitchen and introduced himself. Emily made us all a cup of tea, each making as much noise as the other, noted with smiles by both of them. How long had I been an ABG? Not that I thought of myself as such. Did my family know? They were happy with the Baby Fancy Dress Party story and no, my family don’t know. Only Karen and now them.

They went to great length to assure me I had their complete confidence, nothing would pass their lips. They offered a haven for me if I ever needed their support. It was a thinly veiled offer to change me. Emily had effused in not so many words, eager for it to become a part of our friendship. The whole time Karen had watched on, beaming proudly at her parents acceptance of hers and my life style choice. I made it obvious when I was peeing, as did Karen. They seemed to be silent so they could listen, as well as watched. We were soon joined by Max Jnr and Sarah who stared and stared at me. I wasn’t wearing a bra and it was very obvious. Karen wasn’t either, but she had a lot less to jiggle round in her loose top. I politely turned down the offer of Dinner, backed by Karen that I needed to get back, promising to join them another time.

I sat in the car stunned for several moments. It had been a completely surreal experience. The whole business of my nappy habit being out there, in the open, treated like it was a completely normal and natural thing for a grown woman to do. And her younger brother and sister there, included, well aware of what we were talking about, what I and their big sister did, even listening to us peeing. Not that there was anything harmful in it, just unusual. Would I ever come out to my parents, or anyone else for that matter? Certainly Karen’s folk had made it seem above board, but would anyone else? As I made my way home it came back to me again and again.

That first time putting on a nappy and wetting it, my nightly rituals, morning wetting. Dressing up, being ‘Baby’. I decided I really enjoyed it and had no intentions of stopping. If anything, Karen and her family had secured if for me, made it permissible in my mind. By the time I reached home I had decided to take up their willingness, become involved with them, if for no other reason than to see where it leads. Nothing could go wrong, surely, after all their daughter would be affected by any adversity too. The way she had crossed to and hugged her Dad when he turned up in the Kitchen, staying within the protective shelter of his strong arms. The affection between them was honest and sincere. I doubted he would ever let me come to any harm. This would be a new turn for me and hopefully an adventure.

For a variety of reasons, a whole month had gone by before we got together again. It had been playing on my mind, the events of last time. My introduction to Emily and Max and the promises it held. Yes, I did want to get involved with them, I decided and my body had reacted to that. A tantalising wax on Thursday night set the mood, 2 orgasms in the carpark before even heading home, one at the traffic lights just near Nappyland. I had detoured just to maintain my excited state. 3 more in bed before sleep, 2 in the morning and 4 at work during the day.

Then there was 3 dawn breakers that morning. One during breakfast out on the deck, naked. One a 10am and another just before going to collect her, which turned into 2. The feeling heading down suggested it should have been 3! Getting ready got me going, really going. Karen had always put in me pigtails and they had always been ‘near enough’. Now I had let my hair grown longer. I had it styled to suit a pigtail variation. I decided to do them myself, taking over half an hour and several attempts to get them just so for the big broad pink ribbons I had bought and tied them with. I put a full nappy on with plastics, not the usual bikini, to help my build up.

“You look lovely?”

“Do I?”

I knew I did.

“I love you hair.”

“I did it myself. I had nothing else to do this morning.”

That wasn’t true! What with the masturbating and insisting everything be at its best, it had taken longer than I expected, making me flat out to get everything done.

“Would you do mine like that?”

Her hair had grown too, so better ‘tails’ were now a possibility.

“If you like”

I really went to town to get hers right too, adding to the anticipation and mood. As we dressed I was shown the results of her first laser treatment. It was patchy, odd unexplained areas had grown back, but that was apparently normal. The laser does not get rid of the hair evenly. She had been assured it had been a good first strike. The beautician said she was a good candidate given her colouring. 2 more would really start to be effective with on going spot treatments until the job was done. Yes, she’d had her backside done too and was very open about showing me. She had decided to leave her legs and armpits for waxing.

She took her time, spreading the skin, opening her smooth sided slit to show the extent, allowing a view inside and of her anus and surrounds. This just made things much worse and the need for relief stronger, with the afternoon having only just begun. We went through our usual ritual, but it there was a heighten awareness on my part. Everything excited me . It was going to be ‘one of those days’. I resisted the temptation to make an excuse and relieve myself in front of her. That notion had not been part of our relationship and with what she already had on her plate, decided this was not the time to suggest it. By the time the afternoons activities were complete, it was definitely out of bounds, far too sensitive to risk setting it off.

“Would you like to take some of the tops to wear? I’ve got plenty of spares.”

She was quiet.

“What’s wrong?”

“I haven’t dressed up in front of them yet.”

“Haven’t you? I’m sorry, I thought you had.”

She shook her head.

“I really want to but when the time comes, I chicken out. Mum and Dad have seen me. I dress up to go to bed, but haven’t gone out of my room yet.”

“I see.”

I thought for several moments.

“Would it help if we dressed up together, like we do here? That way you will have someone to share it with and won’t feel so self-conscious.”

“Would you mind?”

“No, of course not.”

“When?”

She sounded quite urgent.

“Anytime.”

I thought again.

“We could tonight if you like, I’m not doing anything.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, but only if you want to?”

“Yes I do!”

“Will your folks be home?”

“Bound to. They never go out.”

“Do you want to ring and ask them?”

It was her turn to ponder.

“No! No, we will surprise them.”

That brightened her face and she gave me a big broad smile.

“We could shower and dress up here if you like.”

“What if someone sees us?”

“We will wear coats. What do you think?”

“Yes please!”

She nodded, a much happier girl now.

“Right, well give me a hand to get tidied up here and we will be on our way.”

I had never seen her move so fast.

It wasn’t until we headed out that I suddenly thought, ‘What happens if we have to stop and get out?’. We’ll cross that bridge if we come to it. She was sitting forward on her seat. I could tell she was nervous. I was feeling unsure myself. It had been a spur of the moment decision, now I was going to face the reality. For once she was quiet, barely a word spoken between us the entire journey. I pulled into the driveway. The less we were on show, the better. She scrambled out and joined me on my side.

“This is it.”

“Yes.”

She took my hand and squeezed it.

“Let’s go.”

Our arrival caught them completely by surprise, especially being dressed and ready. I slipped my coat off. She was a little more hesitant, finally joining me. We were taken through by Emily and sat around the dining table. Max materialised out of thin air within moments, along with Sarah and Max jnr, unable to take their eyes off me. I had been careful what I had dressed in, a top with big armholes to show off my lack of a bra. Clearly unsure of how to handle the situation, Emily made small talk.

“So what did you two get up to today?”

It seemed to be genuine interest, just as you would have asked if we had been to a park or out shopping. Not really prying, rather wanting to be involved. I waited, but it was left to me.

“Oh, just the usual.”

It wasn’t what she was looking for, I could tell by the deflated looks. Now it was all out in the open, there was no need to be coy anymore. I waited to see if Karen was going to take it up. Apparently not, so took over. I explained my preparations, light heartedly, but reasonably fully without being too explicit. The taking turns at being Mummy, changing each other after a busy mornings leakage, putting up our hair, dressing, what we wore, a description of the playpen and what we did. I even tossed in that Karen ‘feeds’ her dolls. There was the makeshift highchair and dinner, everything explained and described in a matter of fact way as they listened intently. Karen too, as if she wanted them to know. Throughout, their eyes never straying from my gaping arm holes, confirming what I hoped, everything was on display,

“And I’m glad we didn’t have an accident on the way over, I have no idea how I could have explained how we are dressed!”

That finished it off on the right note and they all laughed.

They seemed to be involved, delighted more than shocked, not so much at what we had done, but my willingness to describe it fully. Max jnr and Sarah, taking it all in, not shooed away so this could be for ‘grownups’ only. Not that our behaviour had been that of adults.

“Would you like to stay for Dinner?”

Max asked.

“Yes, that would be nice.”

They had clearly expected another excuse, so were thrown into a flurry.

“Don’t go to any trouble, I have bought ours with me.”

I opened the baby bag and took out plastic pots of processed baby foods. They stared open mouthed. The smile on Karen’s face said it all, catching them off guard.

“If someone is free, could they change me please?”

I left it open as to whom. They were floored, completely! Emily flew into a panic.

“Well … um …. I am going to be busy …... um …… getting your dinner ready ……. um ……… Max …… um will you have time to ……. um …... take care of Becky?”

They both looked at me to see if I was going to object. I smiled back. Emily saw the looks of eagerness on Max Jnr and Sarah’s faces.

“Perhaps it would be best if you and Becky go through to the Nursery Darling.”

Their faces quickly dropped, but the look on Karen’s face was a delight as she bounced up to join me.

“Everything you will need is in the bag.”

I tossed it to him on our way.

Karen was so excited as we made our way through, leaving Max stopped dead in his tracks, unsure if he should accept the invitation or not.

“Thank you for telling them, I didn’t know how.”

“That’s okay. Not too much?”

“No, just what I wanted them to know. Mum keeps asking me what we do but I found it hard to talk about it.”

“I can understand that.”

“It was just right.”

“That’s a relief. I was hoping I hadn’t gone too far.”

“No, not at all. We are ABGs and that’s what ABGs do with each other.”

We sat side by side on her bed smiling, waiting. He appeared at the door, flustered and nervous.

“Right ……. well ………. um ………. What have we got here.”

There was a long pause.

“Um, err, Misty would you like to go first.”

Was he trying to delay the inevitable?

“I will Daddy, I’m much wetter than her.”

“Becky, ………… yes, ……… um …………. well?”

He threw himself into it, taking the bag and rummaging through, collecting up all manner of baby things. He was treating each with such reverence, holding them in just his fingertips, putting some back only to discover he needed them. At last the changing mat was neatly set out with the requirements lined up in some sort of order down the side. He took a fresh nappy, folding it. Next, he got the soaker bucket ready. He went through it again and again, in the bag and back out again, checking and double checking. He moved the nappy, smoothing it out for the umptieth time. Looking up at me, he had apprehension written all over his face.

“Are you weddy Daddy?”

He looked down at the mat. I sensed I wasn’t going to get an answer, so slipped off the bed, moving myself onto the middle of the mat. Laying back, I parted my legs, ready. He rested his hand on me. Trying to help him get into the mood, I regressed, giggling, lifting my top up over my face, exposing my breasts fully to him. He was unable to take his eyes off them, while desperately trying to pretend he wasn’t looking. He was drawn back to the task at hand, in quite a state, making a meal of getting started on the plastics. That seemed to get him into even more of a fluster, talking to himself as if he was trying to calm down. At last they gave up their resistance and he managed to get them off.

“My nappy is berry, berry wet Daddy!”

“It certainly is …... Darling.”

There was a note of concern in his voice. It wasn’t just wet, no, it was sodden. I had made sure of that by squeezing every available drop into it. So heavy, I had struggled to stop it falling down. He undid the pins, folding down the sides, but leaving the crotch flap in place. I was aware of a very strong urine odour, heightening my senses. Unfortunately for him, the sheer weight of the covering made it slowly slip down, exposing me. Unable to stop himself, he stared. He quickly glanced up and I gave him a warm smile. I lifted my knees up so he could retrieve the nappy from under my bottom. He stared as he tugged away, withdrawing from its place. Quite beside himself, he hurried to get the folded one on to cover me up.

“You haven’t wiped Becky yet Daddy.”

Interrupting his attempts to lift me and slide the nap underneath.

“Yes, of course, sorry.”

I watched as he wiped, growing calmer as he worked, realising that it was okay to look and touch. How else was he going to get the job done? It was a quick going over, not getting to involved before lifting me again.

“Powder me Daddy.”

He had to hunt for it even though it was in full view beside him. Finally, he sprinkled it liberally, resisting the temptation to smooth it out. He seemed relieved as he wrapped me in, pinning the nappy in place. Plastics on without any of the hassles of taking them off and top pulled right down. I threw my arms around his neck, kissing him.

“Fank you Daddy!”

There was no such hesitation for Misty, stripped and left to kick while he took his time getting her nappy ready. He made no attempt to pretend he wasn’t looking at her vagina. Not that he could miss it, the way she had been waving it about. Wiping was a lot more thorough than mine, pushing right into her folds and giving her tight anus a really good clean. The talc was spread just as liberally, rubbed all over this time, breasts and underarms, while she wriggled and giggled. There were games along with tickles, nothing out of bounds. He was not taking advantage of the open opportunity she gave him. It was apparent that changing and dressing was a very special time for them both. It would be hard put to decide whom was enjoying it most. He packed everything up, folding up the nappy and putting it in the bucket with mine. He seemed relieved it was over, chuckling away to himself at our antics while he tidied up and put away. We made our way down the passage to the lounge hand in hand.

Max jnr and Sarah were eagerly awaiting our return, baggy tops, bonnets, hair in pigtails, bright Pink bootees and sucking on great big dummies.

”You two look splended!”

She meant every word as if it came straight from the heart. There was a rug on the floor which we took over for our play area. I couldn’t help noticing him crossing, kissing her on the temple. There was a whispered conversation, Emily’s smile growing. She reached behind giving him a squeeze, leaving a wet hand print on his bum. I smiled. He will be getting his oats tonight. They sat round, watching our games, both Max’s waiting for every glimpse in my top. I made no attempt to be demure. Sarah just looked plain embarrassed, confirming what I had hoped, everything was on show .

Emily hummed, dividing her time between our antics and the Kitchen, seeming to rush back as soon as she could, so not to miss a thing. Karen descended into a world of her own, just as she does in the afternoons. Oblivious to her surroundings, she was fulfilling a long held ambition. So much so, that her top came up and she ‘nursed’ Lulu . Sarah let out a gasp, as if she had not thought it credible when I had mentioned it earlier. The others, Emily as well, watched intently, seeing daughter and sister in a whole new light. It was punctuated with pauses as we stopped, looked round them all smiling, while we wet. Sometimes we had an audible hiss to accompany it. The air hung heavy with expectation. It was my own fault for raising the subject. Not to disappoint, I took Dan, raised my top to ‘feed’. It was the first full view of my breasts and they all stared intently. I was careful not to catch the eye of any of them, making it last to please.

It was time to change our babies. Misty took Lulu’s nappy off, while I dealt to Dan’s. There were gasps all round and surprised looks, especially when Dan did a couple of spurts that I had left for that purpose. We did what had been done to us, powdering to finish before pinning them both in place. The look on Max’s face said it all, he was going to have a play with them once we were finished.

“Dinner’s ready.”

I imagined it had been for a while, but she had no intention of interrupting show time, if not for herself then her husband and son. Sitting up on cushions as makeshift highchairs, wearing the giant sized bibs I had packed, we took turns being fed by each of them. Max jnr and Sarah joined in as well. After, we returned to the couch and I was given my bottle by Emily, while Max took care of Misty. We both paused to wet while everyone watched on. It had turned out to be a very long meal time with all the interruptions and was getting quite late. Max junior and Sarah were packed off to bed to a howl of objections. Obviously they had been enjoying every moment of their sister and her baby friend at play. Mother put her foot down. It was their bedtime and there was to be no allowances. Maybe Becky could come again one evening, which I confirmed. This was good fun and I had every intention of repeating it. The battle over, passage door firmly shut, lights turned down, they returned.

It was time for a change. Emily took me while Misty was laid on the mat beside by her Dad. With Max jnr and Sarah gone, they could do it right there on the Lounge floor. Misty had completely regressed again, playing peek-a-boo with her Dad, top lifted right over her head with everything on show. “Incy Wincy Spider’ was back with all the accompanying fingerplay. Emily decided to do the same, not shying from my breasts. They certainly took their time while Misty and I played. They watched each other at work, carefully wiping every crevice, leaving us both to have a good ‘kick’.

Eventually they pinned up the dry nappy and encased it in plastic. Bottles were warmed and feed before being set down to play. With the intake from our bottles, changes were required every hour. They took turns with each of us, Max becoming much bolder, spreading my labia and wiping right into my every crease and fold. We played peek-a-boo, hiding under my top, exposing my breasts for them to see. Between changes and bottles, they seem content sitting and watching us at play. Max had an arm round her shoulder, while her hand resting at the top of his thigh, occasionally brushing his erection with her finger. He’d had one all night long, I had seen it. Max Jnr as well. Not really surprising with the show we had been giving them. There was definitely something about us being baby’s which struck a chord.

Emily yawned.

“Bed time for 2 little girls I think Daddy, don’t you?”

“Yes I think so.”

“Does Becky want to stay?”

“A nuver night Daddy, a clean nappy to wear home please.”

“And you can have a clean one and go to bed my girl.”

“Yes Daddy.”

He took his time doing us both, side by side on the floor. Left to kick as our sodden nappy was replaced with a clean dry one. Emily tidied up and put away, while keeping a close eye on proceeding, smiling at our antics. I changed back into my civvies and said shy goodbyes at the door.

“You will come again, won’t you?”

“Yes Emily, I will come again.”

“Good, …………. good.”

As I sped away, I was leaking into my nappy already. I couldn’t help smiling. Emily had certainly enjoyed it every bit as much as Max, that was for sure.
