Becky

Author: Tinkle01

*001*2022-11-09 20:46

PART 02

“Hello again.”

It was a surprisingly familiar greeting considering I had only shopped there once before. I found myself blushing that I had been remembered. But then it had been less than a fortnight since my last visit. Not that I had intended to be back at all. So much for giving them up!

“Oh hello.”

Trying to pass it off, I hurried down the shop to hide my embarrassment. Not hanging around long, buying two packs this time.

“Thank you.”

I tried to get away as quick as I could, but couldn’t avoid her parting comment.

“See you again soon.”

I didn’t reply but knew I would be needing more. I couldn’t wait to get home to change. Looking at myself in the mirror, the pink teddy top, floral nappy, plastics and pigtails. Not as neat as Carol had done them not that it mattered. And the dummy. I was ‘Becky’ again and it felt wonderful! That was how I spent my weekend, locked away from the world, working and wetting and masturbating, sure I had set new records for both.

It was Thursday and I only had two nappies left. The lot I had bought lasted less than 3 weeks, but then I was wearing them every evening and to bed every night! There was something comforting about them. I was careful not to wet in my sleep for fear of developing a habit that might be hard to break. My early morning release always thrilling, making ‘nappy’ orgasms better than my usual ones. With the exception of the ones at work during the day, all my orgasms were now while wearing a nappy. I had looked at what they had in the supermarket but it was only a small range in the pull-up style, plain white only. I did think of going to one of the other nappy shops, but would have had to go out of my way. In the end I decided to stop being paranoid, like Peter, dropping into Nappyland on my way home.

“Hello, how are you?”

She was such a bright cheerful girl it was worth shopping there I decided.

“Good thanks . And you?”

“Fine. We have some new patterns in the style you usually buy if you are interested?”

She remembered? That was it! I thought, ‘to hell with what she might think, she doesn’t know for sure’.

“Have you?”

“Yes.”

She bought them up onto the counter. There were two I particularly liked. I ended up buying 4 packs this time, a different colour and pattern for each. She got them packed and ready.

“We have a discount card for our regular customers, if you are interested. It is free and you get 10% off all purchases and monthly Member Only specials. Everything in the shop is included.”

I wasn’t quite sure if I should get one or not. In a way I would be admitting to myself that this was going to be an on-going thing. In the end I thought, ‘What the hell, I can always throw it away once I get over it’. I filled out the form. Would I like regular updates on my computer? I thought, ‘In for a penny, in for a pound’. I ticked it. The girl looked at what I had written.

“Rebecca, is it?”

“Yes.”

“Do you mind if I call you that?”

“No, not at all.”

“I’m Karen.”

We smiled over the counter.

“See you again soon?”

“Yes.”

My discount card turned up a few days later. I tucked it well away in my purse so it wouldn’t be accidentally seen. Saturday arrived and I dressed up again. Mid afternoon, checking the pantry to see what I would have for dinner, only to discover I didn’t have enough milk.

“Damn!”

It wasn’t worth getting the car out, so I decided to walk. Changing into a dress, I was about to take the nappy off when I thought, ‘Why not!’. Checking in the mirror, it was a bit noticeable. Maybe that was only me because I knew I had it on. I decided to go with it anyway. I don’t know my neighbours well, never had much spare time to socialise but could recognise them by sight. They spoke as I passed. I certainly was getting a lot of stares. I imagined that was because of my lack of a bra, which was pretty obvious. As I crossed to the shop, the pressure had built up, so I released a little.

It felt amazing, flooding my vagina, sending it into a spin. People passed, completely unaware of what I was doing. I let more go while I looked at the shelves and again while being served at the counter. Twice more on the way back, talking to the elderly man who lived almost opposite. He had a beautiful garden I much admired. This was a whole new and exciting experience. Being able to wet myself any time I chose. Even while talking to people. As I wandered up to the front door, I knew this was only the first time I would be wearing nappies in public. Back inside an orgasm beckoned. Sitting out on the deck, I satisfied myself, not once, but a second for good measure.

I got my usual bright cheery greeting from Karen 3 weeks later when I went for more supplies. She remembered my name. I was wearing a nappy this time, wetting it as it suited me.

“We now have bikini ones.”

She reached under the counter and bought out the patterns they came in.

“I know you don’t usually buy the panty style but I thought you might be interested just the same. They don’t come up anywhere near as far and are not as bulky as the standard panty style.”

She was right, they were a lot smaller and neater. I ended up buying two packs of them and two of the usual ones I get.

“Let me know what you think of them. They are new on the market and the company is looking for customer feedback.”

It was as close as she had got to suggesting I would be wearing them.

“I like your dress.”

I had been aware she had been looking a lot and wondered if she had seen the bulkiness underneath. If she had, she didn’t let on.

“Thank you. It’s only a cheap one I have had for ages.”

“You look really nice.”

That was a heavily loaded comment and could have meant anything.

“Thank you.”

I was pretty sure she was aware I was wearing a nappy. I had been letting go the whole time we were talking, and now with the thought that I might have been discovered, my vagina was going crazy!

3 weeks and I had depleted my triangular stocks. Although I had been wearing the new bikini ones during the day, still preferred the others at night.

“Good morning, Rebecca.”

She had her head down under the counter and suddenly popped up.

“Good morning.”

“Did you see the sign?”

“Sign?”

“On the door. We have cloth nappies now, I put them out yesterday. We haven’t been able to get them for a while, but have now, edged in pink as well as blue. They come in 8 sizes, I’m a 2 and you will be,” she leaned over the counter and looked at me,

“a 3 I would say but you could take a 4 and fold it down.”

She gave me a big smile as if to say, ‘I know you have been buying them for yourself’. I smiled back as good as admitting it.

“Thank you for letting me know.”

“How do you like the bikinis?”

I decided to put an end to any further pretence and to come out in the open once and for all.

“Love them. I can wear them out without it being too noticeable,” twice to dinner at Charley’s,

“& have been wearing them to work some days, that’s how much I am enjoying them.”

“I can see you have got one on today.”

“Yes.”

A quick look round and there was no one else in the shop so I took a step back and lifted my dress just enough to show them. She gave me a big approving smile.

“I’m wearing nappies too.”

“I guessed you probably were.”

She stepped out from behind the counter and lifted her skirt, not that she needed to, they were very bulky and obvious.

“Mm. I wear them every day. That’s why I took the job here, so I can wear them. They provide them free for me to wear at work and at home. Unfortunately, I don’t get the chance at home very often. I like the bikini ones too but usually wear the full panty style because they are more noticeable. The Manager says that by wearing them I give the customers confidence. Can I let you into a secret?”

“Of course?”

“I really like people looking at me knowing I have got a nappy on. Some stare and stare. It makes me feel really nice.”

She came over shy and I imagined it was because it aroused her.

“I wear them just because I enjoy the feeling they give me but surely you don’t need them?”

“Course not, I just like them.”

“I like the freedom they give me to go when I want, where I want.”

“Me too. …………………. Mm! I just went then.”

“Did you? ……………………. So did I.”

We exchanged sisterly smiles.

She walked down with me and I could clearly see her nappy now. I couldn’t help thinking how nice it looked. She held up the cloth nappies for me to see the size. Expertly folding them ready to put on, she wrapped them around my waist to check and a 3 was right for me.

“I will take a dozen, pink of course.”

She smiled and counted them out before folding and heading to the counter.

“Have you worn cloths before?”

“No.”

“It pays to wear plastics with them.”

“Right. Well that will make them a bit too noisy so I will keep them for home.”

“I wish I could wear mine at home.”

“Can’t you?”

She shook her head.

“I don’t think Mum would allow it. She already suspects I wear nappies and was surprised when I took the job here. She told me it was an older woman’s position and that I was too young to get involved in such things. I took it anyway and think it just confirmed to her that I am interested. She has never visited me. I wish she would. That way she would find out for sure, save me having to tell her. For some reason I can’t seem to get around to it. I think she would be disappointed it is her fault I’m like this but that is simply not true.”

“Do you like dressing up?”

“What as?”

“A baby girl.”

“I have never had the chance.”

“Haven’t you? I dress up at home.”

“DO YOU!”

That really struck a chord.

“Yes. I live alone so I can do as I like.”

“I wish I did, I would dress up everyday.”

I had been thinking about it as we had been talking and decided.

“Would you like to come round to my place and play dress ups with me?”

“Can I?”

“Of course. You can come round after work today if you like.”

“I can’t, I haven’t got a car. I get the bus to work.”

“I can pick you up when you finish work and drop you off here or at home after.”

“Could you?”

She sounded quite excited but then her face dropped.

“I haven’t got anything to wear.”

“Don’t worry I have spares. You can see which one you like when you get there.”

That bought a smile back to her face.

“We close at 12 but I don’t usually get away until half past.”

“That’s okay, I will pick you up around 12.30pm.”

“Are you sure?”

“I have never played dress ups with another girl, it sounds as if it might be fun.”

Along with the cloths I bought 4 packs of the triangle’s and 2 mixed bikinis.

“They are selling really well, nearly all my regulars have changed over to them.”

“Do you have many?”

“Quite a few, mainly men, but there are some women, about 30, older, in their 50’s. You are the only one who is my age.”

I felt relieved in a way that I wasn’t all that weird, or not the only one.

“Do you know if they are for them?”

“Usually.”

“When did you know they were for me?”

She smiled knowingly.

“The first time you came in.”

“Did you? How?”

“If they are buying them for their Granny, they don’t usually tell me.”

I found myself blushing.

“But I hadn’t realised that I would start wearing them regularly then.”

“Maybe not. But I knew they weren’t for your Granny and somehow suspected I would see you again.”

This was her world and she had a very good understanding of it for such a young woman. We exchanged warm smiles.

“See you about 12.30pm then?”

“Mm, I can’t wait.”

“I’m wetting myself now.”

I gave her a naughty grin.

“Hang on.”

Karen got a look of concentration on her face, then a smile.

“I am too.”

I was getting aroused at the thought of her coming and knew there would be an orgasm on the menu as soon as I got in. As I crossed the carpark there were some stares as they seemed to be looking at my bulky hips. My bikini had done its best but couldn’t prevent a few trickles running down the insides of my legs. I left a small puddle where I had paused to open the door and spread out a towel. By the time I got home there was more pressure. I headed out onto the deck, releasing as I wandered around pretending to look down on the beach. The bikini was well passed its capacity.

None of it was being absorbed, flowing freely down to my feet. My dress had a big wet patch from sitting in the car. This new deluge wet it more. The breeze was cooling and everything clung to me pushing my arousal higher and higher. Eventually I slipped them off and let the breeze chill my wet skin, almost exploding with excitement. Resting on the rail with one hand, while the other climbed up under the wet fabric, it only took moments. I was gazing out, almost unable to focus on the beachgoers below, as an orgasm exploded inside my body.

It was only 11am, but I could hardly wait. What would it be like with another girl? It was going to be fun I decided. I had everything ready including the play pen. I made up several bottles of milk, putting them in the fridge until needed. I hand washed the new cloth nappies, spun them before putting them out, so they would be ready before it was time to go and collect her. Heaven knows what my neighbours thought, seeing a full clothesline of nappies! I had the Beatrix Potter plates with spoons and matching pushers ready. There was a range of baby foods. I was sure she’d like at least one of them. The time dragged. When I looked up at the clock only a couple of minutes had passed. It was 12.10pm at last as I reversed onto the road and headed towards the Home Centre. As it came into view Karen was waiting clutching a bag. Her concerned look turned to one of joy.

“I love your car, what is it?”

“A Mercedes Benz.”

“It’s nice. All my Lady customers drive really nice cars.”

It seemed to be an unusual thing for her to notice.

“They are all rich and have important jobs.”

‘We are of a kind’, I mused.

“I hope you don’t mind me asking but how long have you been wearing them?”

She was certainly direct.

“I have only just started, how about you?”

“I started when I was 16.”

“How old are you now?”

“20. I will be 21 soon.”

She would have had to have been, I guessed, but still only looked 15, 16 tops.

“Are you? I thought you were only 16.”

She smiled.

“Everyone thinks I’m younger than I am. I am always having to show my ID when I go out to a Bar or a Club. I got it especially because I was always being turned away. I still don’t think they believe it, but it has my photo on it so they can’t anymore.”

I looked at her and still couldn’t believe she was nearly 21.

“What made you start?”

I thought for several moments and decided I wasn’t going to tell her about Peter so would have to make something up.

“I went to a nappy party with a friend and had to get dressed up as a baby. It was fun. What I didn’t expect was the best part, being able to wet myself whenever I felt like it. I had bought a big pack, if you remember, expecting to throw the rest away. Rather than waste them, I started wearing them around the house wetting them. I got hooked on it. How about you? Why did you start so young?”

“ABGs”

“What are they?”

“Adult Baby Girls.”

“I have not heard of them.”

“I have always liked baby clothes. Mum used to put me in short dresses and big pants with lines of lace across my bottom. I loved them, still do. I have a pair from back then but they wouldn’t fit me now. I have an album of pictures of me when I was little, all dressed up. I’m always looking through it. I never realised there were older girls like me, discovering it quite by accident. Some of the boys at School were talking about it and I just happened to be listening. I heard them say they had found it on the internet. I wasn’t sure if I believed them at first.

My Dad lets me use his computer. He watches a lot of porn, not that he knows I know. I have seen it on the screen when I walk past and he hasn’t heard me coming, nude Ladies and all sorts of other things. I had to wait until everyone had gone out before I went looking. I didn’t know what they were called so it took several attempts before I found them. As soon as I saw them all dressed up and being looked after by ‘Mummy’s’ I couldn’t wait to try it. I bought my first nappies with my pocket money and that was it, as soon as I started wearing and wetting them, I knew I wanted to be an ABG.”

“But you couldn’t dress up?”

“I did sort of. I had some clothes I could use. I had to wait until everyone went out before I put them on. I sometimes wear nappies to bed and wet them. I have to be really careful to keep them hidden. Mum found a wrapper under my bed once, before I started working here. I told her I didn’t have a clue how it got there, must have picked it up on the bottom of my shoe. I don’t think she believed me. I have been extra careful since.”

“You poor thing.”

She looked suitably sorry for herself.

“So you have never gone all the way and been a proper baby girl?”

“No, not all the way.”

“Today will be your first time then?”

“Yes.”

I had an excited air about me as I pulled into my garage and the door closed behind us. As we made our way into the Lounge, she took one look at the playpen all set up ready.

“WOW! Is this all yours?”

“Yes, do you like it?”

“I have always wanted to have baby things like this but could never have found anywhere to hide them.”

She walked around looking at what I had ready for us, her mouth opened with delight.

“I didn’t think you went this far, this is great. I don’t know where to start.”

She was serious, I could see.

“Right, well, I have got some outfits for you to choose from. The sooner we get changed the sooner we can be babies.”

She grinned with excitement. We went down to the spare room where I had everything laid out on the bed.

“WOW! Are these all yours?”

“Mm!”

“You have got a lot considering you haven’t been doing it long.”

I knew I had got a bit carried away, but there was so many nice things out there. She stood in front of the outfits, not sure which one she wanted, holding each of the baggy tops up against her. It can’t have been size she was checking, they would have all been a bit too big on her. After a long time, she settled on the orange top with the Teddy Bear on the front.

“Vat one?”

“I think I will go for the pussy cat this time.”

She seemed quite matter of fact about it, undressing slowly but deliberately, determined to do whatever it took to be a proper ABG. At first it was her dress. Although quite tall, taller than me, she was very slim and had virtually no shape to her figure at all. Next it was her bra, exposing her small pointy breasts. Pink nipples on swollen areolas, covering almost half the area. She was left in just her nappy. Even with it on I could see she had no noticeable waist or hips. ‘Straight up and down like a beanpole’, Mum would have said.

“Would you like a fresh nappy, you’re welcome to one of mine?”

She shook her head.

“No thanks, I bought some with me, the triangular ones you like. They were samples so they didn’t cost me anything. Help yourself and keep yours for another time.”

“Thank you.”

She reached down and slipped her nappy off. I was curious, not wanting to appear nosey, but couldn’t help noticing she was smooth and hairless just like me. She took her time, wiping and dusting on a good powdering, before taking one of the triangle ones. Fastening it in place, she finished off with some plastics she had bought with her too. I follow suit, stripping down completely. I was aware of being observed wiping, drying and powdering, slipping the nappy between my legs. I was ready too.

“Would you like me to do your hair?”

“How?”

“I usually have pigtails.”

That got a great big smile.

“Yes please.”

I got the stool out of my ensuite and she sat down. Although it wasn’t really long enough, I started combing it up, tying them with pink ribbons in big girlie bowes.

“Would you like to do mine?”

“Yes.”

We change places. She got to work, having me with girlie bowes too.

“That’s better, thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

“I’m Becky now.”

That made her smile. After thinking for several moments.

“I’m Misty.”

Obviously a pet name from somewhere in her life. I found some matching booties for us to wear, and a dummy each. I was surprised when Misty held my hand like children, as we made our way down to the Lounge. It set the scene for what was to come. We climbed into the playpen together. She went straight for one of the dolls, undressing and dressing it, chatting as she played. Not infantile exactly, just very innocent and girlish.

“I’m doing a pee pee.”

Misty stopped what she was doing and watched me. As I pushed, there was a soft hiss, which made us both smile. It went on for a long time as she stared at my crotch.

“Would you like to be my Mummy and change me?”

Would she ever! Her face quickly turn to delight. It started to dawn on her what playing dress-ups was going to involve. She definitely wanted to go along.

“You don’t mind?”

“No, not if you don’t.”

“I’ve never been Mummy before.”

“What say we take turns with each other?”

“YES PLEASE!”

She smiled her approval. I suspected I would not have to suggest anything again. She was more than willing to go along with anything that might happen between us. We climbed out of the playpen. I lay on the changing mat sucking my thumb while ‘Mummy’ checked she had everything. She was taking the job quite seriously, going about it in an unselfconscious manner. First it was the plastic overpants, unfastening the sodden nappy, putting it in a disposal bag. Spreading my legs, she got started cleaning me up with baby wipes, thoroughly, along the side of my labia and between, right through to my anus and down the insides of my thighs. I moved, tucking my legs up, opening and closing as required, to assist her.

‘Mummy’ seemed to be relishing her role, making the most of it. She changed the wipes regularly and didn’t hesitate to press between my labia, wiping right inside so I could feel it penetrating slightly. When finished I remained as I was, knees tucked up, thighs open. She made no pretence that she wasn’t looking and had a wonderful smile on her face. She slowly collected up the wipes and put them in the bag, hardly taking her eyes off me for a moment. From time to time she looked up, still smiling her approval and pleasure. There was no rush as she sprinkled the powder, spreading and smoothing with her hands, pressing between my labia again, as well as over my anus and bottom.

“Do you want Mummy to put a triangle on you again?”

“No Mummy I want a cloth one please.”

She leaned over and picked one up. I was amazed at how easily she folded it. Lifting my legs, rolling me back, she tucked it right under, before positioning and pinning it firmly in place on her first attempt. It fitted snugly, finished off with a pair of plastics.

“There, all done.”

“Will you give me my bottle now Mummy?”

She smiled as if she liked being referred to as that.

“Yes of course Darling.”

I told her where everything was. After heating, bought 2 over before letting me cuddle onto her lap while she fed me. She smiled as if she was really in her element. Both bottles empty she got up and rinsed them out before returning.

It wasn’t long before she was ready.

“I’m doing wee wees Mummy!”

Her hiss was a lot more noticeable. She concentrated very hard while going. It went on for a very long time. Catching my eye, flashed a big smile.

“Will you change me Mummy?”

“Yes of course I will Sweetheart.”

I positioned her on the mat, taking off her soaked nappy. It was now my turn to see her hairless vagina, just looking at her neat, tidy fold, with only the slightest hint of labia protruding. She seemed completely at ease being studied and smiled up at me. I got to work with the wipes, not shying away from my task either, wiping inside her almost childlike slit and around the mons, before heading down to her anus and the insides of her legs. Much to my surprise she hadn’t flinched once or showed any resistance whatsoever. She seemed relaxed and comfortable with ‘Mummy’s’ very intimate contact and had no hesitation in tucking her knees up and opening her legs wide, giving me a revealing view inside her vagina . As I spread the baby powder, I could feel the stubble, confirming what I thought, that she was shaven rather than waxed.

“What would you like now Sweetheart?”

“Can I have a cloth one too Mummy?”

“Yes of course.”

It took me several attempts to get it right. She smiled up at my dilemma and after a bit of guidance, finally lifted her legs up high, tucking it under her bottom. It took 3 or 4 goes to fix it in place and cover with plastics.

“Would you like your bottle now?”

She gave me such a lovely smile.

“Yes please.”

Returning with the bottles, she cuddled against my breasts, as I began to feed her. It was a wonderful feeling and I was sure it was bring out some sort of deep nurturing maternal instinct in me. I rocked to and fro, her big brown eyes stared up over the upturned bottle just like a baby girl, as she suckled on the teat. Both emptied, burping loudly, I rinsed out the bottles before we climbed back into the playpen.

That seemed to be the turning point, because she completely regressed, playing like a baby. She seemed to be at home in the playpen, almost oblivious to my presence or uncomfortable with it. She talked to me like I imagined a little girl would. I rolled and played with my teddy while Misty returned to her doll, talking to her as if she was a real baby, changing and feeding with a plastic bottle.

Then to my astonishment she lifted up the front of her top and held the doll to her breast, first one side then the other, talking to her the whole time as if she was really breastfeeding. If she was aware she was being watched, she never let on or allowed anything to distract her. It was a pure fantasy for her plain and simple as she held the doll in her arms stretching her nipple pressing her against it oblivious to the world outside of the play pen. She certainly had the action right, I remembered seeing Jane feeding and it was the way she did it. I caught her eye and smiled and got a smile back carrying on as if she was happy to share it.

“Would you like your din dins?”

She smiled and went along with me.

“Yes please Mummy!”

“What would you like for din dins today.”

I got up and showed her the cans. She beamed her approval and made her choice. I got on heating up and ready. Putting on her bib, I sat her on my knee in the playpen. Feeding was fun. She didn’t make my life difficult but clearly loved the Beatrix Potter bowl and watching as she uncovered more and more of Jemima Puddle-Duck. After I cleaned her up with wipes.

“Handies?”

She held them up, fingers spread, so they could be wiped one by one. That over, I heated 2 more bottles. Lifting her onto my knee, I began feeding. This time she really nuzzled into my breasts, making me feel wonderful and more than a little aroused! As she was finishing, a loud hiss announced she was wetting her nappy. I put her back on the mat and proceeded to change her as I had done before. I wiped without any inhibition as she kicked her legs in the air. She was being a real baby now, letting ‘Mummy’ do what she needed to. I enjoyed seeing her naked from the waist down, while she kicked like a baby. It was with a certain reluctance that I finally had her nappy folded and under her bottom. I watched her ‘disappear’ as I pinned it in place. Pulling on the plastics just served to confirm it was gone for now. She rose back up again and smiled,

“Fank you Mummy,”

It was her turn to get my lunch ready. She took to the task with great enthusiasm. Everything was prepare thoroughly, the temperature of the food checked. She sat down and began to feed me, opening her mouth wide as she presented each spoonful. It was all I could do to stop smiling. Mum had done the same thing with me and still does with Hamish and Ben’s little ones! She assumed the roll of ‘Mummy’ with firm affection. As tempted as I was to do what I had done with Peter, I behaved and let her be the roll she seemed to be enjoying as much as being a baby. It was my turn to be shown progress through the bowl of food as ‘Peter Rabbit’ was gradually revealed.

Lunch over, I had my bib removed, fingers wiped, and face, thoroughly cleaned up before going to get my bottles ready. Determined to know what it felt like this time, I cuddled right into her. I could feel her nipple pressing against my cheek as I suckled. A very pleasant sensation indeed. As my second bottle came to an end, I ‘hissed’ in my nappy making ‘Mummy’ smile. Flat on my back on the mat, wet nappy gone, knees tucked up and legs spread wide. I was revealing all again. Like myself, she took her time wiping and powdering. To my delight, she heaved a sigh, as if she too was reluctant to see me go. Lifting my legs high, positioned my nappy, before pinning it firmly in place. Plastics pushed up around my waist, she looked at me and smiled.

“There. Is that better Becky?”

“Yes fank you Mummy.”

I was really looking forward to changing her again. It wasn’t long before she hissed in her nappy. Lifting her out of the playpen, laying her on the mat, I had the wet nappy off in no time. Opening and closing her legs caused her vagina to part, giving many intimate views of what was hidden away inside. I took my time cleaning and drying before putting on the powder while she kicked and played. I left it as long as I could before covering her again, not that it was noticed or seemed to care. After feeding two more bottles she sat up facing me. No sooner than I finished, my nappy began to hiss and the rolls changed. Having had my two bottles as well, it was back into the playpen. We rolled and played. She returned to the doll and before long was ‘feeding’. The time passed quickly before her nappy started hissing again. After her change it was time for mine to hiss and be changed. We continued to play as the afternoon slipped away.

I could see the Kitchen clock and it was nearly 5.

“What time do you have to be home?”

She started to cry.

“What’s wrong?”

“Nothing. I don’t want to stop. I want to stay like this forever.”

I put my arm round her shoulders and drew her in. She snuggled into me, as I rocked her slowly for several minutes.

“I didn’t know what it would be like.”

“You are not disappointed?”

“No way! It’s better, feels much better than I thought it would. Now I know who I am. I’m an ABG. I am so happy! Thank you! Thank you for sharing this afternoon with me, it means so much. I still can’t believe it.”

I held her until her tears passed.

“Okay now?”

She sniffled and nodded.

“Shall we call it a day. You can always come back again, I’m here nearly every weekend.”

I got her a tissue and she blew her nose.

“Alright?”

She nodded and smiled.

“Would you like a shower first?”

“Do you mind?”

“No, of course not. I could do with one too.”

We reluctantly climbed out of the pen.

“Do you want a hand to put everything away?”

“No it’s fine, it won’t take me long.”

Making our way down to the bathroom, she stood quite still and the hiss told me, was wetting her nappy. It was quite deliberate as she concentrated hard looking up at me and smiling from time to time.

“Okay?”

“Mm, just a bit more.”

She was still concentrating, her legs shaking as I imagined she was pushing out the last few spurts.

“Mm, that’s better.”

She smiled shyly at me.

“Even though they are free, I don’t like wasting nappies and fill them up as much as I can.”

Whether it was ‘value for money’ or was she just making the most of the role she had chosen for herself.

“Do you ever over do it?”

“All the time. I often have to get the mop for behind the counter.”

She smiled as if it was a point of honour.

“My turn!”

I parted my legs and pressed my tummy as I hissed in my nappy. She watched and smiled. I grunted softly as I wet and wet. Her smile got bigger. I farted!

“Opps!”

She liked that and giggled. I continued pushing hard, pressing my tummy.

“Mm! That’s much better.”

She seemed delighted.

“You are the only one I have ever wet with that knew I was going.”

Confessing made her blush.

“Am I?”

“Yes. I always do when you come into the shop.”

“Do you like it?”

“Yes! I think that’s what I like best, wetting and being wet. I don’t always change right away.”

She was now blushing brighter red.

I turned on the shower before returning to her, taking off her plastics and unpinning her nappy. It was heavy and she smiled bashfully. She then returned the favour, pulling my plastics down and taking off my sodden nappy. Slipping off her top and pulling the pigtails out, she headed for the shower. The nappy bucket was nearly full as I put ours in. I took them through to the Laundry, putting them in to soak along with our tops. She was out drying herself by the time I returned, with the Baby Powder. She patted herself liberally as I climbed in to wash. She had a towel wrapped around herself waiting for me, as I turn off the water and began to dry myself. We walked through and dressed together.

“Do you want one of my bikinis?”

She smiled.

“Why not! I have to get caught one day. Might as well be today.”

Both back in our civies, we made our way out to the car, heading back in the direction of the shop.

“Where do you live?”

She told me. It wasn’t far, about 30 minutes.

“Would you like me to drop you at home?”

“I don’t want to take you out of your way.”

“It’s fine. I am out now I might as well.”

She was quiet for a while.

“Thank you for letting me come around.”

“That’s okay. I have been wearing baby clothes for a while, but I must admit, it is better having someone to dress up with.”

She smiled shyly.

“I didn’t think we would be changing each other.”

“You didn’t mind, did you?”

She shook her head firmly.

“No, I liked you being Mummy.”

“Did you? Good. I wasn’t sure if I should have suggested it. So you weren’t embarrassed?”

“No, why should I be?”

She said it shyly.

“We are both girls after all.”

“You shave?”

“Mm! You do too.”

“No I get waxed.”

“DO YOU?”

“Yes.”

“What’s it like?”

“It’s great. Lasts weeks.”

“Doesn’t it sting?”

“Mm, a bit, but only for a few seconds. You get used to it. It’s not as bad as underarms, that really hurts.”

She smiled.

“You should try it.”

“Who do you go to?”

I told her.

“I know where that is. I might.”

“I’m sure you will find it much better.”

“Have you been waxing long?”

“About a year. How about you?”

“I have never had any hair down below.”

“Haven’t you?”

She shook her head.

“I think it’s revolting. My Mother is hairy and always looks dirty, even though she showers every day, so I know she is not. As soon as it started to grow I couldn’t stand it, so I shaved it off. I have done so every week since. I think I knew then what I wanted to be.”

“So you don’t know what you look like with hair?”

She shook her head again.

“No and I don’t ever want to. I wish there was someway I could get rid of it forever.”

“They say lasers will do it, but you need several treatments.”

“I know. It is expensive too, but as soon as I have enough, I’m going to.”

I believed her. She was determined!

We arrived outside her house, a great big 2 storied place. Her family obviously quite well off.

“Would you like to come again next Saturday?”

She shook her head.

“Can’t, I’m going out with Mum.”

“I’m not sure when I will need to stock up, thanks to you I’m well supplied for the next few weeks. You can give me a ring when you are free again. Thursday night would be the best to catch me.”

I didn’t give her my card, too soon to reveal too much about myself, scribbling it down on an old receipt instead.

“I’ll do that.”

“Bye.”

“Bye.”

Halfway out she stopped and turned, giving me a big hug and kissing me on the cheek.

“This has been the best day of my life!”

And left, skipping up the path to the house. She turned to wave goodbye, waiting and watching me go.

As I sped away the mood over took me. Playing dress-ups hadn’t just been fun but it had also got me very aroused. My left hand fought its way inside my tight bikini nappy, pressing against my already super sensitive clitoris. ‘Thank God for automatics’ I mused. I found my wet opening and began to diddle. It took little time to reach my point of no return. After years of practice, I was able to keep myself right there, delicately balanced all the way home. The looks of the other motorists helped, seemingly aware I was up to something, but not what. My enigmatic smiles to them only confirmed their suspicions. There was quite a noticeable damp spot on the back of my dress as I climbed out of the drivers seat. I headed straight through, out onto the deck, releasing as I stepped through the door. Walking around, I kept letting it go until I was completely empty . My legs were wet and tingling from the cool breeze. Sitting on the swing seat, I stretched out, my hand returning to its task.

Images flooded my head, Karen’s tall slim figure, laid out before me rolling and kicking, lifting her top and holding the doll to her nipple. Of all the images, it was recalling that particular one which sent the biggest surge to my vagina. As my orgasm approached, I didn’t try to fight it, having been in a state of readiness since she had arrived. It washed over me, delighting with its intensity, leading into another, already at the point of no return. It was after 8pm before I made my way back inside, my legs a little unsteady, the result of 5 straight orgasms.

It had been quite a session, surprising because of its inspiration and motivation. I hadn’t expected my afternoon of fun to have quite that impact on me. Even as I made up a quick snack, all I had the energy left to do, it went through my mind again and again. It had been her regression that got me the most. Even though I had been dressing as a baby, drinking from teats and sucking a dummy, I had never tried to be a baby, act like a baby. After watching her, I was keen to give it a try, if I could only get over my inhibitions. I couldn’t be bothered starting work after everything that had happen. Heading for an early night and 3 more orgasms, sleep put an end to my day.

I emerged into consciousness just as it was getting light, a hand already resting against my moist vagina. It had been a most wonderful erotic dream, I could not recall, just that it had been extremely pleasant. From out of nowhere it enter my mind. Jane’s full breasts I had seen many times when she had been feeding, stretching her nipple huge and dark, offering it to little Rebecca to suckle. It was clear and vivid, amazing me, and sending waves of sensations racing through my body. Somehow, I knew it had been a part of my dream, but not how? Jane always swims topless in the pool, even while heavily pregnant, wearing the panties she just happens to have on at the time, which leave little to the imagination. She seemed to need something, so she wasn’t completely exposed.

Sharon has always worn a bikini, covering up with a shirt when carrying her babies. Breastfeeding, she pinned a drape to her shoulder so it covered everything that mattered. Not that it hadn’t stopped an occasional slip, which had sent her into a flurry, hiding it away again. I knew her breasts were not as big and full as Jane’s, her nipple a lighter pink. It had been such a transformation for Jane, her medium bust, smaller than mine, a ‘B’, growing 3, even 4 cup sizes. For all her natural shyness, she was very proud of them while they lasted. I remembered her getting in and out of the pool, full and heavy, swaying from side to side, almost tipping her off balance.

As my first orgasm drifted away and the second arrived on the horizon, I wondered what Karen might have been up to. This, the second day of her new life. I tried to recall the doll at her breast, but it was Jane’s swollen mammaries which came to mind instead. Over and over, continuing throughout the day, keeping me in a warm, wet state of receptiveness. Third orgasm done with I was up, showered and nappied, in my favourite pussy cat top, pink bootees, ready for the day. It was still only 7am!

Over breakfast I got out the files. As 9pm chimed, I stretched and yawned, removing my 5th, completely sodden, before washing, drying and powdering, still sucking on my dummy as I had done all day. It had been particularly productive in spite of my super sensitive state. Getting the last of my bottles out of the fridge, I sat suckling, Surfing the Net. I purchased 2 ‘Drink and Wet’ dolls. One was described as being ‘Lifelike’ and was quite expensive. I found some pink potties, larger than the one at the office, with a series of inserts for very young infants through to toddlers. Once removed, they would be bigger and better for me with a much larger capacity. I ordered 3, 1 to replace the one at the office.
