Having Cousins To Stay (FANFIC SEQUEL)

Author: Tom Hayfield

*000*2022-05-23 10:59

AUTHOR NOTE:

So, back in the day I was a huge fan of the fanfic: 'Having Cousins To Stay'; it was actually one of the earliest Omorashi fanfics I ever read.

As far as I've seen, the story has been abandoned for over half a decade and so, as a little tribute to it for nostalgia's sake, I wanted to do my own continuation of it. This will probably be a one-off but if people really like it, I might do more parts. If the author sees it and does not approve of this, please message me and I will take it down. Same for the admins, as I don't want to break any content rules and so will be very careful with the language I use here in descriptions. Again though, if its going over the line for any reason; just let me know.

I'm going to attempt to emulate the original's author's style to maintain continuity. This is not me thinking I can do it 'better' or trying to 'improve' their work, just my tribute to something which helped me realise what I liked, all those years ago.

CONTINUITY:

For longtime fans, I've decided to do two 'Scenarios' here: One that follows on from the story's ending, the other which alters the canon prior. The first scenario will be an alternate version of the story in which 'Izzy' never wet herself after her shopping trip and how that would impact the story, while the second will continue on from after Izzy wets herself on her father's lap and the story was left on a cliffhanger.

I hope you all enjoy and again; as said, this is not me saying I'm better than the author. I'm not. This is meant only as a tribute.

Here we go:

SCENARIO 1: IZZY MAKES IT

(CONTINUATION FROM CHAPTER 5B ENDING)

Max was about to carry on teasing her when they heard the noise of the others coming back in. They heard Ellen's voice:

"Uh...Izzy are you okay?"

"I'm fine." Izzy sounded very anxious. "I'll be back in two minutes."

Suddenly Izzy appeared at the bathroom door, her thighs crossed in desperate agony with a hand inside her panties, clearly trying to hold back a flood. Anna saw a sudden chance to reduce how much of her parents' anger would be coming at her.

"Sorry Izzy" she giggled. "You'll have to wait until I'm out of the bath. You know the rule about using the bathroom while someone's washing."

"Shut up. I have to go." Izzy came into the bathroom, her face bright red with embarrassment at her predicament being so obvious. She moved towards the toilet, trying to accept the fact that she was going to have to use it in full view of her cousin and her sister. But Max blocked her way.

"No, Anna's right, Izzy. That is your parents' rule." He grinned meanly, as he reached for the faucet.

(CANON DIVERGENCE)

"No max, don't; please!" cried Izzy desperately, bouncing on the spot.

She knew that if her cousin turned on the faucet, she was going to wet herself; no question. Desperately clenching her legs, she knew she only had a few seconds left to get to the toilet.

"Please" she begged, as Max's hand held dangerously close to the faucet.

He looked at her with an evil grin, yet just as Izzy was certain he was about to undo all of her valiant efforts, he lowered his hand.

"You owe me. Don't forget it".

Suddenly, Max grabbed Anna; pulling her out of the bath and wrapping her in a nightgown, as Izzy raced past her.

"Thank you!".

"Get off of me!" shouted Anna, annoyed; as Max pushed her out of the bathroom, closing the door behind them.

Izzy yanked down her skirt and pants in one. Just like her close-call with her ballet, the very instant she sat down on the toilet; her pee came rushing out, a flood racing out into the toilet, as Izzy gasped with relief.

"That was way too close" she whispered.

Izzy knew that if Max had turned that tap, she would have wet herself in full view of her cousin and sister; to say nothing of what Ellen and her parents reaction would have been. She was more than a little concerned about what Max would expect from her over this, as she already owed him for helping her to avoid wetting herself in the car. Whatever it was, she just hoped it wouldn't be something she'd have to deal with for a while. Sighing with relief now that her bladder was empty, she pulled her clothes back up, flushed the toilet and had just finished washing her hands, when a loud banging could be heard on the door.

"Izzy, open up!".

It was her mum's voice. Izzy instantly opened the door, as her mum walked in, staring at her suspiciously. Ellen was standing a few ft. behind her, peeking her head round; wondering if Izzy had made it.

"What's up mom?" said Izzy, trying to sound casual.

"Did you make it?" she asked sternly, looking Izzy over several times.

"Of course I did, I'm not a little girl!".

"Lift up your skirt".

"What?! Mom-" Izzy began to protest but her mom cut her off.

"Your skirt, now. I know how desperate you were during that car ride Izzy, now lift it up!".

Izzy blushed bright red, embarrassed to have her desperation pointed out so blatantly in front of Ellen. Thankfully, nothing had happened and so she felt a slight sense of smugness as she revealed her pink knickers, completely dry; with not a single wet spot to be found.

"I told you, I needed to go a little but its fine. I don't have accidents like I used to. I can hold it".

Izzy lowered her skirt, as her mom's expression softened.

"I guess I underestimated you. I'm sorry".

Izzy nodded forgivingly, as her mom left the bathroom; to give Anna a scolding for the accident she'd had at the baseball game. Heading to their bedroom, Ellen turned to her:

"You looked like you came pretty close there!".

Izzy felt incredibly childish at her older cousin referring to her near accident and tried to hide the shame.

"Nah. By the time we got here, I guess I needed to go a fair bit but I could have held it a while longer" lied Izzy. "Its been years since I've had an accident".

That was a lie too and Izzy hoped that Ellen would NEVER EVER hear about the shopping trip last Christmas. Regardless, Ellen nodded.

"Yeah, I tend not to let myself even get desperate these days. Holding on too long, squirming about: That's something little kids do".

Izzy blushed again; feeling self-conscious, forgetting how Ellen had suffered an accident of her own on the day she'd arrived. Two if you counted her peeing on Anna's bed to avoid wetting her pyjamas. Wanting to avoid the topic of bladder control entirely, Izzy changed the topic.

"Come on, I've got some awesome movies we can watch tonight. Maybe dad can make us some popcorn".

"Let's do it!".

SCENARIO 2: IZZY WETS HERSELF FOR THE SECOND TIME

"So Izzy, you know why we're doing this?"

"Yes Dad."

"Why?"

Izzy grimaced, really wanting to get this done quickly.

"Because I wet myself."

"Yes, you wet yourself, which you're far too old to be doing. And you lied to your Mom - telling her that you didn't need to go."

Izzy crossed her legs - really not appreciating the reminder.

He continued: "you need to learn that at your age, that's not acceptable. You're eleven Izzy - we really shouldn't be having these discussions still."

"I know Dad."

"Okay, come on then, let's get this over with."

As soon as he lay Izzy across his lap, lying on her front with her legs uncrossed, the urge from her bladder was suddenly much stronger. He pulled up her nightie and gave her a first slap across her bottom. As with Anna, it wasn't strong enough to really hurt, but it did make her gasp. As soon as it happened, she knew that she had leaked a small drop of pee. The wetness tickled unbearably between her legs.

At the second slap, she caught her breath again and a little more leaked out. She had a desperate urge to squirm now and could barely hold it back. She started to panic.

"Um Dad, please can I..."

The next slap came down before she could get the words out, and Izzy felt the control of her bladder go all together as the pee started to stream down her thighs. She couldn't believe this was happening. As the sense of relief grew in her bladder, she felt the horrible warmth gather around her crotch. She braced herself for her Dad's response: any second now, he was going to realise that she had peed again, all over his lap and the bedsheet beneath.

(CANON CONTINUATION)

He couldn't believe it, though it was obvious what had happened. The warm feeling spreading across his knees, the pee dripping down his daughter's legs and off her nightgown; her quiet cries of embarrassment. His daughter, at eleven years old, had just wet herself for the second time in 24 hours.

"Izzy, what the hell are you doing?!".

"I-I'm sorry dad! I tried to hold it! I tried to tell you!".

He was furious, as he pushed his daughter to her feet and grimaced at the wet feeling against his trousers.

"Even Anna has never done anything like this! What's wrong with you Izzy! You're eleven years old and you can't even hold it through a gentle punishment. What...".

Izzy's dad tailed off as he saw his daughter begin to sob; violently. The level of distress took him aback. He hadn't seen her like this since she lost control during their Christmas shopping last year. On that occasion however, she had been in front of hundreds of people. Was she really so afraid of him that she thought he'd try to hurt her for this? Of course she'd have to be disciplined, she was far too old to be having accidents but still; she'd never seemed to frightened. Suddenly, he realised why Izzy was so upset. Max and Ellen were her older cousins and she idolised Ellen. The dad had heard about Ellen's car ride accident but that had clearly done very little to dent Izzy's hero worship of her. Her accident yesterday must have been her pretending not to be desperate for too long; to look cool in front of Ellen, only to lose control just seconds away from relief.

The dad sighed.

"Izzy, its alright; calm down" he said, pulling her into a hug. "I won't tell Ellen".

Immediately, he felt his daughter's sobs stop; though her body was still violently shaking

"Y-you won't?".

"No" he promised. "Or your mother. She would not be happy about this. Don't think this means you're getting away without punishment young lady. You're still far too old to have accidents and you shouldn't be trying to prove something to Ellen by holding on too long, that's incredibly childish".

Izzy looked down, ashamed; as pee continued to drip down her legs.

"Yes dad".

"But I know what this means to you. Go and use the en-suite to shower, I'll get you some fresh clothes. I'm suspending your pocket money for the next month and on our next trip out with your cousins, you can stay here and catch up with your homework".

Izzy nodded sadly.

"I understand".

Feeling he'd done enough to make his point, he gently kissed his daughter's head and ruffled her hair.

"Alright, go clean up Izzy! If Ellen asks where you are, I'll say you needed a few minutes to recover and are applying some ointment".

Izzy cringed at thought of Ellen realising she'd been spanked for wetting herself; though it was still miles better than her finding out she'd wet herself again during that same punishment.

"Do you have to mention the punishment at all?".

"Don't push your luck" he said sternly. "Now, go get cleaned up".

Izzy stripped off her pee-soaked nightgown and once she was cleaning herself in the shower, began to feel better. She was absolutely humiliated at having wet herself on her father's lap but was at least glad he'd agreed not to mention it to anyone else in their family. Still, it was going to suck without pocket money for a month, as she was already low on funds from the last shopping trip; though the less she thought about that the better. Missing whatever trip her family had planned for them was also incredibly annoying and Izzy grumbled with frustration.

"Life is so unfair".

####

Thank you for reading! If anyone wants to commission me to write something for you, just drop me a message!

*001*2022-05-24 10:03

SCENARIO 1, PART II: ELLEN WETS THE BED

Anna was so mad. Her mom had shouted her for almost ten minutes about how she wasn't four years old anymore and how completely undignified it was to have had so many accidents in recent days. It wasn't her fault! Okay, maybe a few of them were but not when she wet her bed! That was Ellen's! If it hadn't been for her accident, Ellen would have been the one who would have to explain tearfully why she'd wet the bed and at twelve years old no less! Yet nobody believed her! Anna splashed the bathwater angrily, as she scowled at the tub.

Then, there was Izzy. Ever since Ellen arrived, Izzy had been spending way more time with her than Anna. Worse still, she had helped Ellen to make Anna wet herself, to avoid the consequences of her own lack of bladder control. Anna knew that Izzy practically worshipped Ellen and wanted to look cool around her, yet it had only been six months since Izzy's last public accident. Hell, she'd had her hand inside her pants earlier when holding! Anna knew from experience that Izzy only did that when she was seconds away from completely wetting herself. She'd seen it during Izzy's Christmas accident and was tempted to tell Ellen, if she didn't already know that Izzy would dismiss it as Anna lying and Ellen would probably believe her.

After all, who would believe a nine year old girl?

Splashing angrily in the bath once more, Anna tried to lay back and enjoy the hot water scrubbing the feeling of pee off her legs; yet she was interrupted as the door swung open. Seeing Max walk in, Anna instantly covered her private areas; scowling furiously.

"Max, get out; I'm naked!'".

"Anna, I'm fourteen and you're nine; I don't care what you have".

Anna saw the logic in that but still didn't stop covering herself.

"I'm trying to take a bath. What do you want? If you need to pee, you'll have to wait".

Max smiled mockingly.

"Unlike some of us, I can actually hold on until there's a good opportunity for the bathroom".

"Go away Max, you suck" said Anna, tears in her eyes.

Max knelt down besides the tub.

"I meant your sister".

Anna frowned in confusion.

"Why did you help her not have an accident?! My parents would have been so much less mad at me if we'd both wet ourselves!".

"Actually, I think they'd have been angry at both of you but whatever" chuckled Max.

"Its not fair!" said Anna, repeatedly splashing the water in frustration; as Max held a towel in front of himself to avoid being splashed. "Izzy doesn't have anywhere near as good bladder control as she pretends, she'd just trying to impress Ellen".

"I know".

"Yeah and you stopped her from losing it today. Thanks a lot!".

"No, not today".

Anna frowned.

"What do you mean?".

"When you wet yourself after ballet class, Izzy was also desperate to pee" explained Max, making Anna blush at the memory. "If I hadn't helped her hold it in the car, she'd have wet herself on my lap before she got anywhere near a toilet".

"Great, everyone's on her side!" scowled Anna, wanting to stick her head beneath the water.

"I don't care if your sister wets herself or not" said Max dismissively. "All I want is to see Ellen humiliated".

"Yeah, well Izzy stopped that from happening".

Now it was Max's turn to look confused.

"What do you mean?".

Anna considered telling Max to buzz off. Despite how mean her cousin had been, she knew that if Max wanted to know what had happened; nothing good would come of that. Then she remembered how ruthless Ellen had been in tickling her, embarrassing Anna in her own home just to avoid looking like a pee-pants little girl for the second time in 24 hours.

"You know I wet the bed a few days ago?".

"I heard" smirked Max.

"Well it wasn't my fault! Ellen and Izzy, they started tickling me; all because Ellen really needed the loo".

Max was confused for a second, then remembered something.

"Your parents rule: She wouldn't be allowed out of bed to use the toilet".

"Exactly! She made me wet myself, so she wouldn't".

Max absorbed this information for several seconds, before grinning so cruelly that Anna was a little frightened by it.

"How would you like some revenge?".

###

"What?! I won't do it! No way!".

Izzy and Max were in the guest bedroom; which Max had currently made his own, as Izzy stared at him, appalled at his demand.

"You owe me".

"I know but-".

"-If you refuse, I'll tell your parents about those times you nearly wet yourself".

"They won't believe you" said Izzy, though not confidently.

"I'll also tell Ellen about what happened to you at Christmas".

Izzy turned bright red.

"How do you know about that?!".

Max grinned. He knew he had her.

"If you don't want Ellen to know, I suggest you do as I say".

"But its so cruel. Please Max!" begged Izzy.

"Ellen!" shouted Max.

"Wait, wait! I'll do it!" said Izzy, already ashamed of what she was agreeing to. "Just don't tell her".

"Good. Well then, you'd better get to work".

###

That night; just before bedtime, Ellen used the toilet, feeling secure in the knowledge that she wouldn't need to go again until morning. She'd felt unusually full considering that she'd only had a single soda that night but shrugged it off. Her bladder was empty, she'd be fine until the morning and there would be no repeats of her embarrassing near-accident from her first day there. Ellen still shuddered to think about it.

She fell asleep quickly; not noticing that neither Anna or Izzy had joined her in sleep, simply lying still to give the illusion of rest. Once she was unconscious, Anna immediately sat up as Izzy watched her, alternating between stuffing her face in a pillow and watching what was about to happen with increasing guilt.

"I'm so sorry Ellen" she whispered, though she knew her cousin couldn't hear her.

Unbeknownst to Ellen, Max had slipped a diuretic pill into Ellen's soda just before dinner. By itself, it wouldn't make Ellen lose control. She'd either wake up bursting to go in the morning or halfway through the night, at which point, Max and Anna knew that she'd force Izzy to help make Anna wet herself again; in order to avoid another accident. This time however, Anna was prepared through Max's cruel scheming.

Anna wasn't allowed to take drinks from the fridge without her parents approval and never within an hour before bedtime. Izzy didn't have the same rule; at least she hadn't for about three months. Because of this, she'd been able to sneak a small bowl and bottle of water to the bedroom. Anna was now carefully pouring out the water as Ellen slept and once the bowl was half full, the real plan began. It was one of the simplest, cruellest ways to make anyone wet themselves; a method so cruel that both Izzy and Anna had agreed years ago to NEVER do it to each other.

The hand-in-water trick.

Anna carefully lifted Ellen's blankets and raised her hand; carefully doing each in order not to wake her. She needn't had worried. A side effect of the diuretic's effects were greatly increased drowsiness and; for now, Ellen was dead to the world. Her hand slipped inside the bowl of water, as Anna and Izzy began to wait.

For several minutes, nothing happened; though Ellen did occasionally seem to squirm a little in bed. After a while, Anna grew impatient and sighed with frustration.

"Why isn't this working? Max said the pills would be enough!".

"I hope it doesn't work!".

"Shut up!".

Suddenly, their bickering was interrupted by a loud hissing sound; as both girls looked towards Ellen and stared in shock. A wet spot had formed on her grey pyjamas; the size of a golf ball, as Izzy stared in shock and Anna in delight. Despite having seen Ellen wet herself in the car and nearly in her pyjamas, to see it start to happen now was a huge surprise. A big part of Izzy thought that Ellen would be able to hold, no matter what they did. Her older cousin had always seemed so cool and collected, so watching her start to wet the bed was a huge shock.

Ellen began to cross her legs; still asleep, yet another loud hissing sound soon filled the air. Anna had to suppress her laughter as she watched the bum of Ellen's pyjamas turn sodden and grey, streaks of pee beginning to fall onto the bed sheets. Two more hisses followed, soaking Ellen's crotch and then forming a small puddle around her. Izzy looked away in shame as Anna fought back hysterical laughter, as Ellen's body finally gave up the fight completely and a long, loud hissing sound filled the air.

Ellen; blissfully aware, was completely wetting herself and wetting the bed. A large puddle formed around her as long grey streaks ran down her pyjamas and over her feet. The puddle was enormous, larger than any accident Anna or Izzy had experienced in years; completely drenching Ellen. Eventually, the accident came to a halt and Anna was shaking on her bed with laughter, as Izzy threw the duvet back over Ellen; trying to protect what little of her cousin's dignity remained.

"Did you see that?! That was so awesome!" giggled Anna. "She's going to be so embarrassed when she wakes up tomorrow!".

"Go to sleep Anna" mumbled Izzy, feeling sick to her stomach.

"Spoil sport" said Anna, sticking her tongue out.

Despite her sister's whining, nothing could spoil Anna's good mood. She had finally gotten her revenge on Ellen and she couldn't wait to see how her parents reacted in the morning to a twelve year old girl completely peeing the bed. She giggled several times at the thought and decided she was going to stay awake the rest of the night, so she could see the moment when Ellen woke up and realised what she had done.

Even so, she was still only nine years old and within fifteen minutes; she had fallen asleep. It didn't matter though. Ellen was going to be humiliated, one way or another.

It was only a matter of time.

*003*2022-05-24 12:18

{{3 minutes ago, Babywittleone said:

This is so amazing i loved Having Cousins To Stay it was so good and your writing is so amazing as well i really hope there is more

}}

Thank you so much! I really, really appreciate that and with feedback like yours, there certainly will be! Thank you!

+ If you're ever interested in commissioning me for work, just drop me a message. (Shameless plug is shameless)

*005*2022-05-24 14:16

{{56 minutes ago, Unbeknownst said:

The original, along with Parakeet Point used to be my favorites back in the day.

This version seems to be fairly well written, it’s just that there are some out of character interactions and it probably would have made more sense to stick to a single timeline (the altered or the original).

}}

1. I appreciate your honesty, which interactions did you find out of character?

2. I get that, the two timelines approach is a personal preference as I wanted to do the alternate version but I also wanted to honour the author's original intentions and continue that as best as I can.

*008*2022-05-25 09:04

{{4 hours ago, Night Rain said:

I'd forgotten all about this story, I wouldn't mind seeing more scenarios about Izzy or Ellen or Anna.

}}

Thank you! I hope you enjoy anything I come up with!

*009*2022-05-25 09:19

{{7 hours ago, Unbeknownst said:

SCENARIO 1: IZZY MAKES IT

Basically, the section where the mom barges into the room demanding to see Izzy's panties and Izzy's lack of surprise at it. Part of what defined the dynamic of the original was that Izzy's parents didn't act proactively about the girl's wetting themselves (other than asking Anna if she's peed), but reactively.

SCENARIO 2: IZZY WETS HERSELF FOR THE SECOND TIME

The entire section from the dad's perspective. The original is told entirely from Izzy's perspective so the sudden jump to another character is jarring writing style wise. Part of what defined the dynamic of the original was that Izzy's parents never acted particularly loving. They are strict and by the book. While her father may have refrained from giving further punishment, he is unlikely to have been empathetic.

SCENARIO 1, PART II: ELLEN WETS THE BED

Basically, every interaction involving Max and Anna. While Max can be callous and uncaring, he is ALWAYS careful about how he does things to create plausible deniability. Anna is also not that insightful or logical. She is a very emotion driven person and acts on impulse basically no matter the situation. Plus, she isn't a vengeful person.

}}

1. My reasoning for doing that was that Izzy's mum already caught her out lying for being desperate at the shopping mall and was clearly highly suspicious of Izzy's behaviour. At the mall, she said: "Izzy, tell me right now: Do you need the bathroom?" and so my reasoning was that she expected Izzy to lose control after lying to her and would then punish her for both things. When she doesn't, she'd be suspicious Izzy avoided it by changing her clothes or some other means and Izzy; like when caught out in the changing room, would try to act casual. However, I could definitely see what you mean about the parents being more reactive than proactive, that was simply why I thought it would fit.

2. That is true and is definitely the biggest creative liberty I took. I know the original author stopped working on this; in part, as people had issues with the parents and I wanted to soften that a little with the dad. In truth, the character's reaction to Izzy wet himself on her lap would have likely been catastrophically furious and I did not enjoy the idea of writing such an angry reaction. So, I bent the characterisation there a little and added more empathy than the father may have previously had. My reasoning is that after days of seeing multiple accidents, he's exasperated but more confused than anything and seeing Izzy lose control like that clicks something into place for him. But I definitely recognise it was a big change.

3. This is true, however, I'd argue he has plausible deniability. The pills, he'd be careful to hide and they'd have no way to prove one was in Ellen's drink. He also did directly confirm to Izzy that he wanted to manipulate Ellen while there, so he can be forward. I see this as him taking bigger risks, in order to humiliate Ellen's further. As for Anna, I'd say she's less logical here and more spiteful. Ellen caused her to be humiliated and so, I thought it would be interesting to explore her hitting a breaking point with all her recent embarrassment. I'd say I've exaggerated some negative traits, not created them from nothing.

HOWEVER, that's just my perspective and I am not the original creator and I really appreciate you giving your feedback. Its given me a lot to think about and hopefully, ways I can improve my writing going forward! Thank you

*010*2022-05-25 10:14

SCENARIO 2, PART 2: ELLEN'S DESPERATE SHOPPING TRIP

"Come on girls! Ellen, Anna; Max is waiting in the car! Not you Izzy".

Izzy looked at the floor; ashamed, remembering for the hundredth time why she wasn't invited.

"Do you have homework to be getting on with?".

Izzy nodded quietly.

"Then I suggest you do it. Mrs Mabel will be across the street if you need any help and there's lasagna in the fridge you can reheat. I expect to see your homework done when we get back".

"Yes mom".

The mom folded her arms at Izzy's sad expression, showing little sympathy.

"Don't look so cross with me young lady! If you'd admitted you needed the toilet, you could have gone in that shopping centre, avoided wetting yourself and be coming on this trip now. Until you learn to act like an adult, you have to be treated this way".

Izzy flushed red as Ellen walked past her, staring sympathetically. She hated the fact that her cousin had seen her so humiliatingly wet herself; only inches away from the toilet, like a little girl. Now, she was going to spend the next six hours: Indoors, alone and bored; doing nothing but homework. It was a beautiful day as well! This sucked.

"I'll see you later" said Izzy quietly to Ellen, as her mom walked out the door.

"See you Izzy... we'll go clothes shopping again next time, yeah?".

"Yeah, sounds good!" said Izzy, smiling a little.

Ellen and Anna rushed out the front door; closing it behind them, as Izzy felt a little miffed. Despite Anna's recent accidents, she was considered too young to be left on her own and so, was being allowed to go with them. Her mom had told Anna that she wouldn't be allowed to buy anything but Izzy would have preferred that to a day by herself.

"Ugggggggh!, I'm such an idiot" moaned Izzy, cursing herself once more for her stupid pride.

Sighing in annoyance, Izzy went to the fridge, grabbed a soda and settled in with her math books; dreaded hours of trying to decipher the nightmare that was equivalent fractions.

####

Ellen felt sorry for Izzy. She knew Izzy had been desperate to pee from the moment they saw her holding herself in the changing room, yet she didn't feel it was her place to tell Izzy to go. Ellen had watched her grow gradually more desperate in the car, using her feet to press against her bladder and; towards the end of the journey, even slipping her hands inside her pants, bouncing on the seat rapidly. To the end, she had tried to hide how much she needed to pee from Ellen and she knew how much Izzy looked up to her; wanting to impress her.

Even so, she couldn't help but feel that Izzy was incredibly silly. It was a shopping trip, it had only lasted a few hours! Surely she could hold longer than that! Such a thing would never have caused Ellen to have an accident, she was well past that point in her life. A flush of embarrassment came to her as she remembered wetting herself in the car but she shook it off. That was not her fault! She'd been on the plane for six hours and Max had lied to her cousin's family about neither of them needing the toilet. If not for him, she would have made it! He could be such a brat sometimes. That was a one-off, a rare lapse in how mature Ellen knew she had become as a twelve year old girl and would never be repeated.

She refused to think about how close she'd come to wetting her pyjamas that same day. As far as she was concerned, Anna wet the bed; not her. She'd just taken advantage of that to avoid holding on too long. That was the story she told herself and she refused to believe anything else. Ellen was a mature young girl; nearly a lady in her eyes, and besides those two incidents, she could hold on for as long as she needed before reaching a toilet.

"This is going to be so much fun!" said Anna, smiling happily.

Ellen returned her cousin's grin, as Max rolled his eyes. Despite the trip out, he was in a bad mood. He had planned to humiliate Ellen today, placing a diuretic pill inside her drink that he'd secretly bought online before the trip; yet he needed Izzy's help to do it. Unfortunately, she had not been inclined to help him.

"Get lost Max!".

"I helped you avoid peeing yourself in the car the other day. You owe me!".

Izzy snorted derisively.

"You lost that favour when you made me wet myself last week! It doesn't matter what you tell my parents or Ellen now, I already look stupid. So go ahead! But I'm not helping you!".

In hindsight, Max was seriously regretting making Izzy lose control. Sure, it had been funny to watch at the time but he had now lost her assistance in humiliating his sister; which was going to make getting to her far more difficult to get to. Max grumbled quietly in annoyance, trying to block out the excited sounds of Anna and Ellen discussing what clothes they wanted.

This was going to be a long day.

####

"Alright girls, here we are!".

Ellen and Anna stared in wonder, seeing a tonne of new stalls in the shopping malls; offering exotic food and drink, as well as competitive games. There was even a miniature train giving tours around the mall.

"Alright you three, go and have fun! Meet back at the food court in two hours!".

"We will!" shouted Anna and Ellen in unison, as Max simply nodded; rolling his eyes at the girls.

For the next two hours, the girls visited over a dozen shops: Looking at clothes, bathing oils, toys; mostly in Anna's case, and various knick-knack stores. They were having a great time and despite missing Izzy's presence, Ellen enjoyed the company of her younger cousin and was glad that Anna didn't seem to be holding any grudges. Halfway through looking at their thirteenth shop of the day; only a few minutes before they were due to rejoin the others at the food court, Ellen noticed a twinge of discomfort in her bladder. She remembered that she hadn't actually used the toilet before leaving; watching Izzy's mom lecture her from the top of the stairs instead.

Ellen wasn't seriously worried though. It was a little uncomfortable but nothing dangerous. Once they'd had lunch at the food court, she would go then and be fine for the rest of the day. She wasn't about to deny her bodily needs to prove something like her cousin. Even so, she didn't feel like interrupting her current shopping to go and use the toilet; not when there would be a perfect opportunity for a break soon enough. Squeezing her legs together for just a moment to relieve the pressure, Ellen immediately felt better and continued shopping without a care in the world; even as her bladder slowly filled.

###

"Oh my god, that was so delicious!" moaned Ellen, rubbing her belly; feeling absolutely stuffed.

"I'll never understand how you kids can eat so much junk food!" said Izzy's dad, as he bit off the end of a small chip.

"Becwhase itsss dellliscous" said Anna; still chewing her food.

"Don't talk with your mouth full!" said her mom sternly.

Max was taking a bite of his burger; bored senseless, when he noticed something. Ellen was fidgeting in her seat. Not a lot but enough to be noticeable if you were paying attention. Her legs had occasionally crossed during their meal and Max realised she needed to go to the toilet. Even so, he didn't see much of an opportunity here. In a matter of moments, his cousin's parents would ask if anyone needed a bathroom break and Ellen would go; she wasn't as immature as Izzy not to admit her own need. Unless...

"Before you all continue shopping, bathroom break: Who needs to go?".

Ellen was about to speak up when Max beat her to it:

"Ellen and I are fine, she actually went just before lunch, to be on the safe side".

Ellen turned towards Max angrily, about to call him out for lying, when the dad spoke.

"Very sensible Ellen. I only wish my daughter would learn from your example".

"Try and make sure some of your good habits rub off on her, will you?" said the Mom.

Ellen suddenly blushed, unsure of what to do. If it had just been the mom, she might have said something; not wanting to risk a repeat of her car accident, yet both of her cousins parents were looking at her proudly and felt incredibly awkward about telling them that she actually needed to go. She doubted they'd believe Max was lying and if she admitted she needed another bathroom break, they might think her bladder control was as weak as Izzy's. She knew she needed to go a fair amount but Ellen was sure she could hold on for another few hours and figured that she wouldn't even have to wait that long. Once her cousins parents left the food court, she could sneak into the toilets quickly and carry on as if nothing had happened.

"Of course, I'll try to help her" said Ellen uneasily. "She's a good kid".

"She might be, one day" said her mom grumpily. "When she learns to act her age".

That last comment convinced Ellen that she couldn't now admit she needed to go, it would look silly and childish. She would just have to wait. As the three of them left the food court, Ellen grabbed her brother's arm.

"What the hell is your problem?!" she whispered. "You know I need to go!".

"Good luck doing so now" he said meanly. "They'll be at the food court for a while and this floor has the only toilets. They'd notice you going in immediately".

"Whatever" said Ellen dismissively. "I'm not Izzy, I'm not going to wet myself because I have to hold longer than I want to".

"That didn't seem to be the case when we arrived" pointed out Max, snickering

"That was, it doesn't- shut up Max! You don't know anything!" said Ellen, storming off into one of the shops.

Once she was stood behind a rack of jackets and was certain that no one from her family could see her, Ellen bounced on the spot a little; twisting her legs around each other, which relieved the pressure building in her bladder. She couldn't believe Max was doing the same thing to her again! Ellen knew that Max was trying to bait her into holding on and losing control, that she should just march back to the food court bathrooms and go. So what if she needed to go twice in one day? Who cares?!

And yet, she had loved how proudly the two adults had looked at her after what Max had said. It made her feel like their equal and Ellen wanted that; more desperately than anything in the world, even though a bathroom was slowly rising up that list. Ellen shook her head, uncrossed her legs and continued looking around at various clothes; though moving more slowly than before. She was determined to prove Max wrong. He'd actually done her a favour, making Ellen look good in front of them and all she had to do was hold it until they left the food court. He was an idiot! Ellen would prove it.

Another twinge of desperation from her bladder made Ellen rub her stomach with discomfort, squeezing her legs together. It didn't matter. They wouldn't stay in the food court for more than another 15 minutes; 30 at most. Then, Ellen could use the toilet without looking childish. She could easily make it that long and nothing would go wrong.

Ellen smiled to herself.

"I can hold it".

*012*2022-05-25 13:50

{{14 minutes ago, Breepee said:

My favourite story on this site is having cousins to stay.

Have you thought about following the ark that was being set up with Anna being told when she is allowed to pee by her parents? Possible punishment for another wet character?

}}

I hope this is enjoyable then as a follow-up! & I'm not sure, honestly. I hadn't given that idea much thought but its a good one! I may well carry on that thread

*015*2022-05-28 14:39

{{On 5/27/2022 at 11:04 AM, buddy said:

Please go on with Ellens shopping trip!!

The start is so promising

}}

Thank you! I really appreciate that!

*016*2022-05-28 16:13

SCENARIO 1, PART III: ELLEN WAKES UP

Ellen slowly woke up, feeling groggy; far more than she usually did when coming out of a night's sleep. She felt dehydrated, tired and looking at the nearest window, saw that it was still early morning. Glancing at the alarm clock next to her, she read the time: 5:32AM. There was at least another 2 and a half hours before she would normally get up and as her memories returned, she saw Izzy and Anna; sleeping on the floor. Ellen had complained a few days ago of being uncomfortably cramped in sharing the bed with Izzy, wanting more space and Izzy had obliged; as Ellen knew she would. Now, she had a full bed to spread herself out in; which suited her just fine. However, as she began to do so; wanting to get comfortable to fall back to sleep, she felt an uncomfortable feeling between her legs and a strange squelching noise. Ellen frowned. What the hell-

Oh no.

Ellen threw off the duvet and had to cover her mouth to prevent herself from gasping too loud. The bed was soaked. An enormous puddle covered nearly half the bed sheets; spreading over the edges at multiple points. Ellen followed the trails backwards and saw that they emanated from around her, beginning at the crotch of her pyjamas; which was now thoroughly soaked. She couldn't believe this was happening, this could not be happening. But it was.

Ellen had wet the bed.

Staring in horror, Ellen looked over her pyjamas and saw that they were covered in pee; her legs and pyjamas covered in tendrils of urine, while a thick puddle drenched the lower half of her body. Her thighs were soaked, her feet felt cold and clammy; Ellen was horrified. She hadn't wet the bed since she was ten years old and not regularly since she was six. Ellen had long believed herself past this and though there had been a near-miss when she first arrived to stay with her cousins, she considered that was the exception; hardly her fault. But this... Ellen knew that there was no pretending anyone else was to blame. Ellen had completely wet herself, soaking the bed like a little kid.

Tears came to her eyes as she blushed deeply in shame. Covering herself back up with the duvet, she lay down; hating the wet feeling around her bum, yet unable to move out of it. She was now petrified of waking up her cousins and them seeing what she had done. It still embarrassed Ellen that she had to ask for Izzy's help to avoid an accident on her first night, yet this was a full-blown bedwetting. Even Anna's hadn't been as thorough as this. Ellen looked down at her stomach in shock; rubbing her bladder, unable to believe it had completely betrayed her and put Ellen in such a humiliating position. Rubbing her stomach, Ellen then gasped as she realised something else; her legs clenching together slightly as a reflex.

She still had to go.

"Are you kidding me?!" whispered Ellen angrily, not understanding how she could possibly need to pee after an accident like this.

Regardless of how, Ellen was starting to feel the pressure in her bladder and the growing need to cross her legs to hold. She knew she wouldn't be able to hold it for two and a half hours until her cousins parents got up and even if she could, that would only lead to everyone discovering her current loss of control. Ellen sniffed hard, holding back a sob. She had to do something.

"I need to go".

Ellen decided that was her first priority. The bathroom was just down the hallway and Ellen was in increasing need of it, so that was where she would go first. There, she could relieve herself, clean up and get the disgusting feeling of pee off her body. She could also grab towels from there; her cousins had dozens of them, more than enough to get rid of the puddle on her bed. Of course, that wouldn't hide the giant wet spot on the sheets; nor her pyjamas. Ellen decided that she could hide her pyjamas in her rucksack and clean them when nobody else was around. As for the sheet: She had an idea. Ellen had drunk a soda before bed and had permission to have one in the bedroom. She cursed that first decision now; assuming that it had gone through her bladder far more than she ever would have thought possible. Still, now it could be her salvation.

If she took one from the kitchen fridge and waited until they were woken up in the morning, Ellen could wait until she was expected to get out of bed. If she timed it right, she'd be drinking at the very moment she'd normally throw off her duvet and would then *accidentally* drop her soda onto the bed. It would disguise the wet spot from the drink No doubt, her cousin's mum would be irritated. She would get a lecture; maybe even a light punishment, and the other girls would tease her for being clumsy. However, it was infinitely better than her cousins realising that she wet the bed.

Of course, Ellen's plan had several issues; the biggest of which was that her cousins parents were light sleepers. She'd nearly peed the bed on the first night as Izzy had told her there was no way she would even make it to the bathroom without being caught. However, her growing desperation; on multiple levels, demanded that she try. If Ellen stayed in bed for more than another few minutes, she was going to wet herself for the second time that night. She was already starting to squirm, causing the bed puddle to slosh around noisily and Ellen couldn't risk waking anyone. Her only hope was to be quiet enough that the others remained asleep and she could avoid anyone realising what had happened.

Ellen swung her feet out of bed, immediately grimacing as she felt a soggy patch surrounding the bed too; realising it must be from her own pee. Quietly stepping forward, over Izzy and around Anna, Ellen passed a mirror and caught sight of her reflection; illuminated by moonlight: She practically turned red with shame. Her pyjamas were drenched, sodden from the crotch down to her ankles and all up and around her bum. She had no idea how long she'd been rolling around in her own mess and the thought was not helping Ellen's increasingly aching bladder, as her knees bent and she squirmed on the spot for a few seconds; trying to gather enough strength to keep moving.

"I can do this" whispered Ellen, as she opened the bedroom door; incredibly slowly, wincing at every tiny creak and breathing heavily as she passed through the gap.

####

Ellen was panicking. She had made it approximately eight steps from the bedroom, across a creaky old floor; terrified that each individual noise was going to wake someone. Far more urgently though, the bathroom was only another twelve steps away; yet it may as well have been twelve miles, as Ellen could barely walk. Her bladder felt like it was on fire, a burning sensation inside Ellen's stomach was making her legs shake badly with desperation and each step forward was accompanied by what felt like minutes of bouncing, squirming and desperately clutching between her sodden pyjamas; trying to apply enough pressure to hold on a little longer.

She couldn't believe how much pain she was in. Though she didn't like to admit it, Ellen had experienced her fair share of accidents over the years; yet none like this. On those occasions, she had held on too long and lost control, soaking jeans, skirts, pyjamas, school uniform or whatever else she'd had the misfortune to be wearing when she lost control. However, in those cases, it at least made some sense. With each of them, Ellen knew what had forced her to hold on too long; what had overwhelmed her, and how it felt when she was critically desperate. This didn't feel like that. It felt like her body was burning up; an enormous amount of pee inside her just begging to be let free. She had already leaked twice just shuffling down the hallway and as she felt a third one coming, Ellen groaned quietly.

"Oh no no no!".

Ellen felt her crotch re-soak with fresh pee and blushed with shame. She was twelve years old damn it and the bathroom was in sight, she could see the door! Mature, twelve year old girls don't stay in hallways; bursting to pee, leaking into their pyjamas. They hold on until they can get relief and a small piece of Ellen's broken pride demanded that she act her age. Straightening up her body, Ellen made the daring move to remove both hands from between her legs; immediately feeling her desperation triple, yet it wouldn't matter. Her plan was to walk straight to the bathroom door; quietly, no more stopping. Any pain she felt, she'd push through it. Any leaks... there wouldn't be anymore. Ellen took a deep breath and began walking towards the bathroom, even as her bladder screamed in agony.

She made it approximately five steps; her bladder burning from each one, before the door next the bathroom swung open and two tired, annoyed looking parents emerged.

"Ellen?" asked the mom, confused. "What are you doing out of bed?".

Ellen froze; petrified, unable to think of a response. In the darkness, they couldn't see her wet pyjamas but if they turned on the hallway light, they would and her plan would be ruined. Everyone would know what happened. She needed to do something.

"I... I...".

The dad reached for the hallway light as Ellen suddenly found her voice.

"No, don't!" said Ellen, terrified; yet it was too late.

Light flooded the hallway and Ellen heard them gasp, her eyes adjusting to the light quickly and seeing that they were staring right at her soaked pyjamas; with her legs now criss-crossed tightly around each other, her whole body desperate for relief.

"Ellen!".

"W-wait, I can explain-" began Ellen but it was cut off as she heard two doors open behind her; almost at the exact same moment.

Izzy, Anna and Max emerged from their rooms, looking confused; only to stare at Ellen's clearly wet pyjamas.

"Oh my god Ellen!" giggled Anna. "Did you pee yourself?!".

"No, shut up!" shouted Ellen, as she felt a leak spring from her again; running down her legs, as her whole body vibrated with desperation.

"Then what happened?!" asked the dad, clearly angry.

Ellen struggled to answer; struggled to think, paralysed by her embarrassment at being discovered and the fear of what she knew was only seconds away.

"I can... explain..." said Ellen, bouncing on the spot. "But first... I... I...".

"She wet herself" said Anna mockingly.

"No cousin... she's wetting herself" grinned Max.

The parents looked down and saw a small puddle at Ellen's feet, as another long leak burst from her bladder; soaking her pyjamas and forming a puddle on the floor.

"Ellen, you are much too old to be having accidents like this! What's wrong with you?" asked the mother accusingly.

"I'm sorry Auntie Mary, I tried to hold it, I-".

"-Not very well" interrupted Anna. "There's a big puddle on Izzy's bed. She's already wet herself tonight".

"Is this true Ellen?!" asked the dad, practically shouting.

Ellen couldn't breath, she couldn't think; she couldn't speak. She needed the toilet so badly, yet was so embarrassed she didn't know what to do and so stood there; terrified, as she felt the last of her control drain away".

"I think... I think I... oh no!".

Ellen tried to take a step forward; to race for the bathroom, yet an agonising burning sensation ripped through her body, as an enormous leak sprung through her pyjamas, enough to have pee running down the outside, as the puddle by her feet grew twice its size. Ellen gasped in pain, falling back against the nearby wall; barely remaining standing, and the impact of hitting the hallway wall was too much for her. Ellen gasped in horror.

"I can't hold it!".

By the time she spoke, Ellen was already wetting herself; pee bursting from her bladder and re-soaking her drenched pyjamas, as a puddle grew on the hallway floor. Ellen's whole body was shaking as she lost control, rivers of pee running down her legs as she began to cry in embarrassment; yet it was far from over. Ellen continued to sob as the puddle around her grew and she had the worst accident in her life, any feelings of relief for her aching body drowned out by the humiliation of losing control in front of so many of her family.

Anna and Max were holding back laughter, as Izzy stared in shock. She couldn't believe her smart, mature cousin was having the second accident of their holiday together and in such an embarrassing way. She was shocked, appalled and guilty; knowing that she had played a part in causing this. A part of her wanted to confess right now to what they had done to Ellen, to absolve Ellen of some of the guilt but she couldn't. The thought was too embarrassing. If it hadn't been for Max, Izzy might have done what Ellen was currently doing now and the thought was too scary to contemplate. Reluctantly, she kept her mouth closed and continued to watch guiltily as Ellen completely peed herself.

"This is disgraceful behaviour Ellen, I'm so disappointed in you" said Auntie Mary sternly, watching as her niece's accident came to an end. "Rest assured, I will be calling your parents in the morning and they will hear all about your immaturity. For goodness sake, you are meant to be setting an example for your cousins!"

"Izzy hasn't wet herself once while you've been here and she's a year younger than you. Act your age Ellen" continued the dad, as Ellen sobbed on the spot.

Despite feeling awful for her cousin, Izzy swelled with pride to be used as the example of maturity; especially in contrast to Ellen, something she never thought would happen. It was only spoiled by her cousin's desperate wailing, as she was led into the bathroom; to be rinsed down and cleaned in the shower by her mom, while her dad went to go and get a mop.

"Nice job Izzy" whispered Max, once her parents had walked away. "I've never seen my sister wet herself like that before".

"Yeah, well; I hope you're happy" grumbled Izzy, as Anna smiled widely.

"I am!" she said, before skipping back to the bedroom and leaping into bed.

"Next time, I'll have to think of something much more humiliating to get her this embarrassed again".

"Don't count on my help for that Max" said Izzy angrily. "This was cruel and mean! I want nothing to do with it".

Izzy stepped back inside her bedroom and slammed the door. Max wasn't worried. He knew Izzy was desperate to prove herself and now; as the only one of the three girls who hadn't wet herself during this holiday, there would be more pressure on her than ever to be the example for the others. Max could use that to his advantage, again and again and again...

###

Almost an hour later; after the bed had been dried, stripped and fresh bedding was placed on, Ellen returned to the room, her eyes puffy and red from crying. Auntie Mary stood over the three girls, her face like thunder.

"I don't want anymore trouble from you three until 9:00AM. You'll sleep in an extra hour, to make up for the lost sleep we lost cleaning her mess. You can thank your cousin for that".

Ellen bowed her head in shame and got back into the clean bed, as Izzy's mom closed the door. Anna went back to sleep almost instantly; having been dozing for the past hour, yet Izzy was wide awake and horribly ashamed. This only increased tenfold as she could hear Ellen crying; sobbing into her pillows, as Izzy felt awful. She wanted so badly to comfort her, to tell her the truth; yet she couldn't. So instead, Izzy buried her head beneath her own pillows; trying to drown out her cousin's sobs.

"I'm so sorry Ellen".

