Holding challenge didn't go as planned - and other stories

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2021-01-17 12:51

This thread will contain stories about Sandi, a character very inspired by myself and my own life, but she´s a little bit more exposed to bad luck and misjudgment consequences. Expect a lot of embarrassment, and some fetishist joy too.

PART 1: HOLDING CHALLENGE DIDN´T GO AS PLANNED

My boyfriend who never had any interest in omo before we met, was getting more and more involved in my fetish. So far it had been me doing the active parts, but he´d been curious to try some himself, and we decided to have a holding challenge. We had been away for a visit in another city, and the plan was to start holding on our way back to my place. I had noticed since we started dating that he didn´t visit bathrooms often, so he probably would have a rather big and strong bladder, I supposed.

As I knew letting go in the pants could be difficult the first times, and I really wanted the evening to end up with both of us wetting ourselves at home, I thought we needed to prepare well. We decided to have our last pee in a restaurant before the three hour train ride back. Then during the ride we kept drinking water, about a liter. Already two hours later we both started to feel it, and were a little bit excited. When we reached the city to change trains it was worse, but still no danger. I knew my own limits well and had no doubts we wouldn´t make it home, so I went to buy some juice, while he waited by the train.

When I got back and we sat down, I noticed that he looked really tense. “It´s bad, it´s really bad” he said, and a broad smile got on my face. “What´s that look?” he smiled. “I didn´t know you had such a sadistic side!”. Actually witnessing others desperation (friends or strangers ) had never turned me on, but when it was my partner, it appeared to be different. I loved to watch him struggle there on the opposite seat.

The train departed. He kept asking me how many minutes was left till we got home, and it was 40 minutes with train, 10 minutes walk. “I don’t´think i´ll make it…” he said. Just to tease him I took the liter of cranberry juice from my bag and drank almost half of it. He couldn´t sit still and changed positions, tried to stand up for a while, then sitting down again. I touched his thigh and it was really stiff. He touched mine and it annoyed him to find me so soft and relaxed. Sure my bladder was filling up, but still no worries, for me. He was worried. Counting the minutes again, they went really slow.

And at some point there it wasn´t fun for me either. With 15 minutes left he felt like he was on the edge of losing control, and his kidneys started hurting. He said “I´m sorry, I just can´t do this” and got up to use the train toilet, and of course I didn´t try to stop him. Him having an accident on the train was never my plan, it was way too much for someone just trying to indulge in his girlfriend´s weird kinks, and I would feel so bad if that would happen.

He came back much sooner than I thought, with a “fuck, toilet´s out of order, I don’t know what to do, how many minutes left?”

“12”, I said. He sat down. “Seriously, i´m not gonna make it, fuck, i´ll piss my pants any second now” he moaned. To our luck we were alone in this part of the train, so nobody heard us or knew what was going on, at least not yet. But as much as I loved this as a fantasy, now it was reality. This was my stupid idea, why the hell didn´t we start our hold safely at home? I saw now that he was really panicking, and I couldn´t do anything to help. I looked at his face and realised by his expressions that it was right in this moment he was starting to lose control.

Then the first little spurt was seen in the front of his grey jeans, and the next one a few seconds later made the dark wet patch grow even more, despite all of his efforts to hold it back. To do just something I quickly took my own hoodie off, and handed it to him, “pee on this one”. He grabbed it, pressed it hard against his crotch and I think by then he resigned and stopped fighting for a while. I couldn´t see anything first, but I heard the hissing sound of him peeing hard through his jeans into my folded sweater. Some of it still dripped down on the floor, and there was a patch on his left thigh before he managed to regain control and stop the flood, still with his bladder probably half full.

I think by now I was the one blushing the most. “I´m so sorry” I said. Sitting there with my soaked hoodie on his lap he had a weird embarrassed look on his face and said “well at least it feels a little better now”. I didn´t know if I was allowed to smile but when I saw he had one growing on his face I did.

“I guess I´m the winner”, I said. And he started laughing a little bit. “Our things never really go as planned do they?” I said, referring to our last kinky play at home, where the whole point was that I´d be bursting and have an accident, but no matter how much I had been drinking my bladder stayed calm and easy like never before.

“At least we saved the seat and most of the floor”, I said,“Just use the bag in front of you when we get off the train, the streets will be dark and empty, nobody will notice”. But I still felt bad. If one of us should have a public wetting like this it should have been the one actually fantasizing about it, the one who could have aroused herself and other omo-fans by writing about it in the “wetting experience”-section on omoorg afterwards.

Now my own bladder started to discomfort me, but I looked at the clock, just 4 minutes left, so no problem. I´d be perfectly full to have a nice wetting in the shower when we got home. Then the train suddenly stopped, in the middle of the forest between two stations. Probably just a red signal and a train passing by I thought, but then the voice of the driver was heard in the speaker. “the train ahead of us just had some kind of accident, probably just an animal getting hit, but the police must search through the area before we can move on” Ok… I knew just too well what that meant. If there was an accident with a human involved at least two hours delay, if not, maybe one. I started to regret that juice I had been drinking 30 minutes ago, knowing it would soon start reaching my bladder. Could I still make it? It was not too bad right now, but one more hour?

“At least now you get to see me really desperate” I said, half an hour later, when the train still wasn´t moving. I was squirming around, breathing, shifting positions, had a feeling that my heavy bladder would explode into my pants if I just relaxed a tiny little bit. And then the waves began. The bladder wanted to empty and started to show no mercy. It started contracting in intervals of a few minutes. I had to use all my power to fight it every time, feeling the burning pain of the sphincter still strong enough, but not for long, as I felt my muscles beginning to slip. My boyfriend was looking at me, now he was the one with a sadistic smile. “How is it going? Not so tough right now are you? “ he said, and then I had another stronger spasm, and I felt it, the pee pushed itself out and warmed my seat a little bit. “It´s not going great” I moaned, as I kept fighting to not let go of anything more, and to my relief the bladder eased down for a while, and I could relax.

But the train was still not moving. The train conductor was walking in the train to inform about not having any new information and see if everyone was ok. “Just keep going” I wished in my head as she was passing us by, but she stopped. My boyfriend probably had the same feeling, sitting there with the sweater over his knees, covering the small puddle with his feet the best he could.

“Are you alright? You want some water?” she said, and my bf said “No, we´re fine.” I couldn´t really respond right then, as another wave of desperation was building up and I actually felt myself starting to pee for a few seconds in the same moment that the train conductor kept moving. I had some relief from the spurt, but still I had to fight to stop it when all my body wanted was to let it keep flowing, and that hurted. Nothing showed on my legs yet if I kept them together, but I knew the seat by now must have a huge wet spot. So here I was, the one always careful about not damaging anyones property or causing a mess while playing around with my kink. Now I was actually wetting myself on a train seat.

I was occupied with my own struggle and hadn´t really noticed how my boyfriend got quiet, when I suddenly heard a pattering sound, and it wasn´t me. I looked down and saw a steady stream go down his jeansleg and it was pouring into his shoe and on to the floor. That sight made even me lose control, pee started to stream out in my pants, made my whole bottom wet and warm, gathered on the seat between my legs until it overflowed down to the floor and contributed to my boyfriends puddle. We still just let loose enough to regain control again, but the damage was done, both our seats wet, and a remarkable puddle on the floor. At least there was one good thing with a train not moving – the pee stayed where it was and didn´t spread all over the floor.

We just silently looked at each other. So now what? I knew the train conductor would pass by again, and maybe some other passengers too. When I heard the footsteps I quickly took the cranberry juice out of my bag and poured some on the floor. The dark red liquid mixed itself with our dilluted pee to a pink colour. I wasn´t sure if that had been a good idea, now the mess we created was even more obvious… The conductor stopped at our place, while I still had the juice package in my hand, looking down at the messy floor with a pounding heart.

“Sorry, a little accident… “ I said, with my legs pressed together, covering the wet patches still showing on my crotch and thighs with my left arm. She was looking at us for a second, and I could tell she was wondering what was going on, knowing that we were hiding something. I was just hoping that she didn´t get the full picture, two sober adults both wetting themselves at the same time. Really, how likely is that to happen? “Alright, i´ll bring some paper towels” she said, and left. I was on the way of saying i´d come with her so that she didn´t have to get back here, but then I remembered how wet I was, and that I had to stay sitting down covering myself the best I could.

The conductor actually never came back with the towels, instead she made an announcement that the police didn´t find anything and we were finally moving with a 70 minutes delay… We reached our stop, and rushed off the train, dared not to look back at what we left behind. I leaked a little bit with every step I took. A few other people got off at our station too, and we decided to stop to make them go ahead before we started walking in the same direction. Now we were alone on the street, not a soul in sight. “Im not gonna make it home” my bf said. Me neither.

We got to a darker part of the sidewalk, and stopped there, in the shadows not reached by the streetlights. I said “Come here”. We embraced and I relaxed, I finally let it all go. A heavy hot stream filled my already soaked pants and gushed down my legs. He took my hand, placed it on his crotch, and stopped breathing for a second. I could feel how the cold wet fabric suddenly got warm under my hand, and his pee was running through my fingers as he sighed in relief. I was flying, and he knew that. “So this is what turns you on, you perv…”, he smiled.

*001*2021-10-05 19:41

PART 2: I SPILLED SOME WATER

We´ll go back a little bit in time now, and I´m gonna tell you about something that happened before my partner knew about my wetting kink. I had been meaning to tell him, just constantly debating if it would be worth it or not, ending up in not finding the courage. Meanwhile I was still wetting myself in my alone time, and was enjoying it a lot. Maybe that was enough, at least that was what I told myself.

John and I didn´t live together, but often spent the weekends at my place or his. This time we had been hanging around for over a week because we had Christmas vacations. This means I hadn´t had the chance to wet or even read omo stuff online for a while, and the urge grew so strong I couldn´t really think of anything else. We had great morning sex, but my head was spinning, and wetting scenarios came up in my mind in the middle of everything. It made me come fast, but I also felt a little bit guilty when I drifted away like that. Later when we were making lunch I was watching John, the outlines of his semi hard on in his jeans caught my eye, and then I had this image of a small dark spot appearing in that area, slowly growing, starting to spread down his thigh, oh, it would look amazing in those light blue jeans... He caught me staring at his crotch and started laughing at my blushing face. For fuck´s sake, I needed to do something about this urge!

We were watching a movie, when John said he really needed some exercise, and asked me if I´d join him for a long walk in the snow after we finished the film. It was a beautiful winter´s day, and I wanted to join in, but I also realised I now had my chance…

“I have some computer work to do still, with the association” I said. I really did, that wasn´t a lie. But I was already starting to get hot with anticipation at the thought of what I could do while he was away. I sneaked into the kitchen to get myself a big glass of water before we kept watching the movie.

When it was done and he finally started looking for his gloves I was already a little squirmy. I made myself ready, brought another glass of water to my desk, and waited for him to get going. He would take the trail around the lake, that takes at least two hours, so I wasn´t really in a hurry, but I just couldn´t wait.

I put on my favourite wetting jeans, the light grey ones, sat on my white wooden chair and first just enjoyed the hot anticipation, stroking the dry surface on the inside of my thighs with my hand, knowing these pants would soon not be so dry anymore. I opened my mail box, to scroll through some of the correspondence I hadn´t yet read, but the only thing I could concentrate on was the increasing tingle between my legs.

I just wanted to… wet myself. Now!

I leaned back in my chair, tried to relax, could feel the pee gather close to the urethrea opening, just not yet pouring out. Then the urge came and I was breathing hard and heavy as I allowed my pee to start leaking into my panties. Just a little spurt at first. Still enough to soak through my jeans immediately and I could feel my seat getting warm and wet.

After reading one e-mail, then realizing I hadn´t actually read one word of it, I gave up on working, opened a new window, and typed the forbidden address, omorashi.org. So many new stories I hadn´t read yet. A user called Tellnoone was my favourite, we seemed to have a lot in common and I liked her style of writing, so when I found a new experience from her I was eager to read it, and as I started with it I gave in to another wonderful urge. The pee was now spreading into my pants with a little hiss. I didn´t pee for a long time, but after I finished I could still see and feel the patches slowly growing.

I kept reading, and at the next urge I spread my legs, and looked down to see the light yellow puddle of dilluted pee forming on the chair between my thighs. I loved that relaxed and careless feeling of just sitting here, sipping from the glass of water, having my bladder keep filling up, and as soon as it wanted to empty some of it´s content, I could just let it happen. Next spurt lasted longer and gave more relief. I could hear the pattering sound as the pee went down from the edge of the chair when I peed faster than the pants could absorb. And it felt soo freaking good!

I wanted to touch myself, but I didn´t want to get pee on my keyboard, so I didn´t yet, was just trying to get some stimulance by moving and squirming around, rubbing myself against the warm and wet layers of fabric that was between me and the chair. I peed some more, the patches kept growing. Between my legs my thighs were now remarkably wet, in these jeans that showed it off so perfectly. The wet patches under me had also grown up on my back and the sides of the legs. As soon as it started to cool down I rewet the pants, made them all warm and cozy again.

The sound of neighbour walking up the stairs startled me a little bit, but I looked at the watch and relaxed again. John had only been out for half an hour, I still had time to sit here for another while before getting everything cleaned up.

Then I heard the door opening. And I just froze. This just wasn´t happening.

“Hi! I must buy some proper winter shoes, these really suck, after slipping and almost falling all the way down to the lake I just gave up and headed back. It was nice outside, not too cold, but it was just too much of a struggle to walk. So how´s it going?” my boyfriend babbled as he put his jacket off and passed me by without even looking at me. He was going to the tap to pour himself a glass of water.

“It´s going fine!” I answered quickly. I had at least managed to turn down the omopage in time and was now staring at my mailbox with my head rushing through excuses for me sitting hear in soaked jeans with a big puddle at my feet. He hadn´t yet noticed, I still had this small hope that he would just go to the living room, and then I´d be able to sneak into the bathroom. But I had no such luck.

“So what are you working on right now?” he said, he came closer, he was now on my side, and even if I looked straight into my screen in front of me, still frozen and stiff, unable to take actions, I could feel it in the air when it happened, when he noticed. He stopped. Got quiet. I could feel him staring at me. He knew I knew what he saw. But to buy me some time I still pretended like nothing was up.

“We´re gonna have this annual meeting next week… I need to go through some boring paragraphs… next years budget balance…you know…” I mumbled, while my now cold and wet legs started to shake.

“Ok… sounds a bit boring yeah” he said, with the voice of someone with his mind somewhere else, and I could feel his eyes wandering from my screen, then down to my wet pants, further down to the puddle and then landing on my face.

“Ehm…” he said, waiting for me to make eye contact. I did for a short moment, and his eyes told me he was waiting for an explanation.

“I spilled some water” I said. I knew it was just ridiculous. The whole tension in my body, the blushing face, it could not be caused by such a simple thing as a spilled glass of water. If it would have been just the puddle and the wet patches on my crotch and thighs It could have worked. But I saw how his eyes wandering down my pants, the whole underside of my pants wet as well, and the back of my calves. But he didn´t seem to confront me right away, as he pretended to buy my excuse.

“Ok, should I help you wipe it up?”

“No! I´ll do it myself!” I panicked, but remained seated.

He was just standing there. There was an awkward silence between us. But when I quickly looked up on his face I could see he wasn´t embarrassed, he almost looked amused, still a little bit concerned. He smiled briefly and said “This isn´t water, right?”

I gave up. It was too obvious. I just had to face it, he knew I´d wet myself, how could it be something else? And then I reached for second best excuse, highly embarrassing but not as bad as the truth.

“No it isn´t. I… had a little… accident, I… got too caught up in my work…”

“Ok…” he said, still with that somewhat amused voice. “You got so caught up with those boring paragraphs you forgot to go to the bathroom.”

“Yeah”. I said.

He kept looking at me in silence. Breathing in as if he was going to say something, then remaining silent, as if waiting for me to talk. I was still just sitting there, staring mostly in front of me, still shaking a little bit. Never had my wet pants felt so cold before, clinging to my body in such an intrusive way. One of my legs almost cramped by all this tension and when I changed it´s position a little bit I felt the pee from the puddle I had created soak the heel of my sock.

“Ok…” he said, finally starting to speak. “Some things fall into place now, but far from everything, so you need to help me here. I mean… I have seen these jeans hung up to dry a couple of times before but I have never seen you wear them, and… it just seems odd that… Come on. Whatever it is, it´s fine, but just… Tell me. What´s going on?”

Ok. I knew now that this was it, time had finally come. But this was not the way I wanted it to be. I had pictured us pillow talking, all nice, calm and cuddly. When the moment felt just right, I would have casually brought up it up. “Do you have any other kinks than the ones you already showed me… some weird fantasies or whatever?” I would say, and then, whatever he would tell me was not the important thing, I would only wait for him to throw the question back at me, and he would realise I wanted him to do just that. He´d ask.

And I would say it. “There is something I never told you, and I really don´t need you to participate in it if it´s not your cup of tea but… I kinda like peeing my pants.” And he would be surprised but glad I could be honest with him, and I´d be relieved. And then… what would happen next… no I hadn´t let myself go much further in those thoughts unless in my horniest moments of alone time.

Oh, that sweet talk would have been SO MUCH better than to shock him like this, getting caught sitting here in my own puddle, forced to explain. But I´d just have to deal with it. Now. Nothing could get worse than it already was.

“Ok”. I said. “I like this. It turns me on.”

“You mean you´re doing it on purpose?”

“Yeah” I said. “I´m sorry”. Blushing even more now, looking down.

“Hey…” he came closer, he put a warm hand on my shoulder, he gently embraced me and put his nose in my hair. “It´s ok. I love you. I´m a little bit surprised, but… If you´re enjoying this, that´s fine. You could´ve just told me”.

“I wanted to. I was going to. I really really didn´t want you to find it out this way. “

“Oh fuck, I´m really sorry, I… walked in on something you wanted to keep private and…”

“It´s not your fault, I shouldn´t have…”

“Stop. It´s ok. It´s perfectly fine. But tell me now…”

He kept holding me in his most assuring way, I was overwhelmed by the warmth I felt from him, and I could start telling him. That I had been interested in wetting all my life, but always hiding it. That I used to wet in the shower, sometimes outside too. I even told him about the one time I had secretly peed my swimsuit a little bit at the beach sitting next to him. He hadn´t noticed.

When he said he never really thought that this was at thing someone could have as a kink, I was hesitating for a short while, and then I thought “what the heck” and I opened a new window and showed him the site.

“What is this? A pornsite?”

“No, not really, more of a community. Well, there are videos sharing sections too, but I´m mostly into the written content. People are really creative here. And supportive. It´s great. And then there is a discussion sections with all kinds of topics, everything from “Clean up methods for pissed shoes” to “How do I best tell my partner about my fetish”…

It was quiet for a short while, and I realised what I just said.

“Oh fuck!” I said, blushed again and John started laughing.

“Haha, did you listen to their advice?”

“Oh, really, this is so fucking embarrassing”.

“It certainly is! But never mind. Let me have a look” he said, and I showed him around the site. He found it both fascinating and also amusing even if he did his best to try and hide the giggles. I can´t blame him, I mean, we truly are a bunch of nerdy weirdos. I laugh at myself too.

Then he asked me to let him read one of my favourite stories. I chose the Tellnoone story about her first time wetting on a bicycle ride. We read in silence. Even if I was focused on John and his reactions I couldn´t help but being caught up in this story I had masturbated to so many times. It woke up memories of my own experiences, the excitements of being so sneaky in public, the deliberating feeling of letting the pee flow in the wind… Combined with the sight of my pee soaked jeans, and the pressure from my bladder that had now started to fill up again I was helplessly turned on, and a little embarrassed about this fact.

John had stopped reading and looked at me. “Interesting. She´s a good writer. And she´s… kind of selling it well. Have you done this too?”

“Yeah, once”

“How was it? Do you wanna tell me?”

I slowly started telling him. To talk about it like this felt so strange, and it made me nervous. But at the same time I felt safe with his hand in mine. It was ok to be insecure, to stumble over the words. He was there with me no matter what, so I tried.

“It was pretty much unplanned. I was on my way home from town, and I needed to pee, and it was already dark, and as soon as that thought crossed my mind I couldn´t get it off. I was still hesitating, would I really go through with this? But then I felt a stronger urge to pee in one of the last downhills, I eased a little bit from the saddle and just started letting go… it gushed out of me. So warm in the cold wind. Cars were passing me by, but I just kept going. It spread down my legs and the drops were falling down on my bike...”

My own words turned me on even more than the story we had read before. I was starting to get hot again between my legs, and it wasn´t pee. John held me close while I was talking and I noticed a slight change in his breathing too. A familiar change.

“Thanks for telling me all of this, he said. It´s so brave. I may not share your pee interest, but… I can see that shiny look in your eyes when you´re talking about it. I see how it turns you on, and that’s just…” he shook his head “…it´s just sooo sexy!” He took my hand, and placed it on his crotch. He was rock hard. I could feel his dick throbbing underneath the fabric.

“Do you want to continue…. Ehm… wetting yourself? If you weren´t done, I mean. It´s ok with me if you go… “

My bladder was full indeed, but I knew I couldn´t do it, not now. All of this was too intense, I wouldn´t be able to relax in that way next to John right now, and I didn´t really want to. As much as I had longed for him to one day say those words, “it´s ok if you go…” now wasn´t the right time. Him finding out about this, and then all this talking, It was more than enough for me this afternoon.

“I think I´m ok” I said. “I´m done”.

“You sure?” he said. His hand touched my wet thigh, and moved further up. I almost stopped breathing. I I don´t think I had ever felt so sensitive before, I was dying to be touched.

“Is it ok? “ he whispered, and I nodded. He unbuttoned my jeans, and put his hand inside my panties. I moaned and almost lifted myself up to the sky.

“Oh my god!” he said. “Wow! I´ve never ever felt you so swollen… and wet”

When I chuckled, he said “I mean that other kind of wet. It´s insane… and so hot”.

I closed my eyes and could barely stand the pleasure I felt, as his hand accidentily touched my swollen bladder while he started rubbing my pee soaked clit. After just a couple of minutes I was shaking, moaning, and I climaxed in the most intense way. Something hot and wet slipped out in the waves that followed. I never use to leak during sex or masturbation – was this a squirt orgasm? That would have been the first time for me. But it was hard to tell, when you´re already as wet as you can be.

Overwhelmed and breathless I collapsed in my chair, barely aware of him starting to masturbate and within a minute cumming over my lap. We both started laughing.

“Ah sorry,” he said “but I thought you needed to change those jeans anyway…”

“Do you want me to join you in the shower”, he asked when we had catched our breaths, landed, and were looking at the mess we made with some kind of sweet embarrassment. I said that I preferred to take care of my own wet disaster for now, and that I needed a few minutes to just come down and clear my head after all of this. He looked me straight in the eyes with the warmest of smiles.

“I fucking love you!”, he said, and kissed me.

What I didn´t say was, I also desperately needed to pee. On my own. I shut the bathroom door behind me. Instead of sitting down on the toilet, I got into the shower with my jeans still on. I closed my eyes and relaxed. Hot pee started flowing down my legs, soaking all dry parts that was left on my jeans. I cut off midstream and put one hand in my pants to feel the rest of it leave my bladder, while imagining it wasn´t my own hand. My pee running through his fingers. Maybe one day. Maybe one day soon.

Now I could start dreaming.

*002*2021-10-05 19:51

$$

