Krystal's Desperate Workout

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2023-12-12 00:20

I thought I'd do another story about Krystal from Star Fox, since there are so few about her. I once wrote one that began with her wearing a sporty outfit but wetting her Assault outfit instead, and while I really wanted to go for an Assault outfit wetting then, I kind of felt bad for having her in a sporty outfit and not wetting it. If you want her to wet some athletic shorts, here it is.

Krystal's Desperate Workout

Krystal was running laps around the gym, wearing short, tight dark blue shorts and a matching sports bra. Her fur and outfit were damp with sweat, and she was drinking a lot of water.

Soon she had to pee. She could have run to the bathroom, but she didn't intend to. A few days ago she had wet herself on a mission, and so, in addition to wanting to stay fit, she wanted to train herself to hold it longer.

Once she was tired of running laps, she drank a bottle of water, did some stretches, and started lifting some weights, which were the perfect weight for her, not too light or heavy. Lifting them put a bit of pressure on her bladder, which would be excellent training for that as sometimes a mission would see her in more stressful situations.

Krystal finished the weights, drank another bottle of water, then sat down, put her hands behind her head, and did some situps. With each one, the pressure in her bladder increased, but she was able to hold it.

After enough situps, she did some pushups. Her need to pee was intense by now but she was able to hold it through 30 pushups.

After another bottle of water, she made her way to the equipment, holding herself until she sat down on the bike machine and started pedaling. As her need to pee grew more and more urgent, she pedaled faster.

"Don't you think you should use the bathroom?" someone asked, having seen her holding herself on her way to the bike.

Krystal blushed. "I can hold it. At least, I hope so. If I don't make it, I'll clean anything up." She had brought cleaning supplies with her because she intended to hold to bursting point.

Once she was done pedaling, she drank another bottle of water, then sat down on the rowing machine and started rowing. As she did, she leaked a little, wetting her underwear slightly and dampening her shorts a bit more than the sweat, but she held the rest of it in.

She only leaked twice more over half an hour, before she stopped, drank another bottle of water, and then started running on the treadmill. She set it to a slower pace at first, but she had to go to the bathroom so badly that she set it to go faster and faster until it was at its highest setting, with her able to keep up with it, running as though she was trying to get to a bathroom. As she ran, she could feel the pee sloshing around inside her.

She leaked a few more times as she ran, and when one passed through her shorts and soaked her leg fur a little, she held herself with one hand, turning the treadmill down a bit more.

Pretty soon she left the treadmill, drank another bottle of water, and then started doing more situps. Only on the third situp, she leaked for a few seconds, wetting her shorts a little more. She whimpered, but kept doing situps. Four more situps later, she leaked for longer. She felt the crotch of her shorts. They were definitely wetter than they would have been on her sweat alone. She lifted her rear end up to see that she had peed on the floor slightly. She blushed a little. Although her bladder was still full, it was safe to say this counted as a wetting already. She might as well use the bathroom now before she made a bigger mess.

As she ran to the bathroom, she dribbled in her shorts, wetting them further and leaving a trail of urine behind her. "I'm so sorry, I'll clean this up, I promise."

She entered the bathroom and ran into a stall, closing it behind her. She was sure if she tried pulling her shorts down, she'd fumble too much and by the time she got them down, she would make a big puddle on the bathroom floor. She already had enough to clean up as it was. Plus, her shorts were already wet from all her leaks. So she sat on the toilet with her shorts up and let go, blasting a power pee which soaked her shorts, passed through them, and splashed into the toilet. She blushed, knowing she was wetting herself all the way, but she couldn't deny how good this felt. She had suspected her training would end this way so it came as less of a surprise than her accident in her Arwing and bodysuit, and she couldn't help but sigh in relief and a bit of pleasure at the warm release, relieving the pressure inside her as the warm wetness spread through her shorts and soaked her butt.

After about a minute, she finished peeing and sat there in her sopping wet shorts, sighing of absolute relief. She was impressed with herself for how long she had been able to hold it, and now that it had happened twice, she decided that wetting herself wasn't the worst thing. If she had another accident on a mission, she'd be less embarrassed about it, but would still try to avoid it then. She would definitely be doing these exercises while holding again. Partly to train herself to hold it, and partly because a part of her found it fun.

She sat in her wet shorts for about five minutes before remembering that she had a mess to clean up. So she stood up, by now her shorts were no longer dripping. She blushed when she saw her trail, but she demurely walked to the bag she had brought with her, pulled out her towels and cleaner, and cleaned up her trail, from her situps to the bathroom.

"There, good as new," said Krystal. She returned to the Great Fox, and met up with Fox.

"How did your day at the gym go?" Fox asked, blushing lightly at the sight of Krystal's wet shorts and the fact that she smelled of pee in addition to sweat. He had blushed when Krystal wet herself the last time as well, and not given her any shame or ridicule.

"It went well, however wet," said Krystal. "I was able to hold it through several exercises, until I started leaking too much so I ran to the bathroom. I may have not pulled my shorts down before I sat on the toilet." She blushed.

"I hope that wasn't too embarrassing for you."

"I kind of expected it to go that way... if anything it was almost kind of fun."

"That's good to hear. Now, how about you go get cleaned up?"

"Would you like to give me a bath as I am?"

Fox blushed. "Sure," he said, and they walked to Fox's bathtub.

As Fox filled the tub with warm, soapy water, Krystal felt the last of her drinks go through her. "I have to go to the bathroom again."

"Well, your shorts are already wet and they'll be clean soon."

Krystal smiled, sat on the toilet with her shorts up, and peed like a race horse again. She blushed at the fact that she was wetting herself deliberately in front of Fox, and the sound of her pee splashing into the toilet, but she was enjoying this, and she could tell Fox was too. Once she finished, she climbed into the tub, still in her wet, smelly outfit, and Fox began to wash her.

The End

