Anecdotes Of Desperation To Pee In High School

Author: Tyoku

*000*2023-02-19 10:42

Hello, I want to tell you about certain omorashi moments that I have seen during my time in high school. These stories are more like anecdotes.

When I entered high school I had already discovered my fetish that we all know what it is about. Turns out there was a girl in my classroom whose name was Emily. She used to have a very small bladder,So he almost always went to the bathroom when she could. I also met another girl named Laura and finally someone named Mariana. There are also two girls but I never knew their names.

Emily first story:

We were all in the classroom taking the math test when Emily asked permission to use the toilet but was denied. Emily breathed in and exhaled, drawing my attention. Then she was able to finish the exam and was finally able to go to the bathroom. The way she walked to the bathroom made me think she was at her limit.

Emily second story: When we all went to class, Emily was late but she was able to go to the classroom. She had two bottles of water, one was empty and one was full. Unfortunately for her, Emily couldn't go to the bathroom at home and the second bottle was half empty. She asked for permission but was denied because it was too early to go. She waited the whole hour to go to the bathroom and she did.

Laura First story: Laura was another classmate. She was very castrous but I liked to look at her butt. One day she was desperate to use the bathroom. I remember I looked at his butt and he was squeezing his buttocks,I thought she wanted to poop too but I couldn't prove my theory as she ran away.

Emily third story: Emily together with the entire classroom went to an event at the museum. All good there until the return when she was shaking in her seat and doing a few little jumps. She was also able to go to the bathroom.

Unknown girl first story: My favorite part. It turns out that at the ceremony for the flag of my country, there was a girl who couldn't take it anymore and she was going to piss. Many teachers saw the situation and instead of doing something they scolded her. In the end, the girl ended up pissing herself and that day I got excited like you have no idea.

Laura second story: Laura was in the gym at my school and was complaining to him because the bathrooms were closed. So she held out all day and when it was time to go she ran out into an alley. I followed her but I couldn't risk her friends seeing me so I better stay with the desire.

Unknown girl second story: There was another girl apart from the previous one that I never knew her name. She was lining up to go to the bathroom and she was doing a little dance. Then she did some squats that she did so that she could see his butt. In the end he was able to enter the bathroom

Mariana fist history: I became friends with Mariana because I liked her so I went with her to her house. As we were arriving she said that she really wanted to pee and I asked her if she could do it in an alley. She looked at me with a strange face but then she took it as humor. In the end we arrived at her house and said goodbye.

Emily Fourth story: Emily apparently had diarrhea on that day. She went to the bathroom more than usual. One day she asked for permission and it was accepted. From far from my window I could see that something was very wrong. Then on the school outing, she really wanted to pee so I followed her, not asking why. On the street she would hold her skirt and look around to see if she could use a bathroom. However, I end up coming home.

Emily fifth story: once the teacher did a dynamic with Emily and other students. The problem is that Emily had to go to the bathroom, so much so that she took the opportunity to hold her crotch While everyone looked at the teacher. I really liked how he did those little jumps and that nervous smile.

Emily sixth story: This was the only time I saw Emily so desperate. Emily asked the teacher for permission to go to the bathroom but he denied it because it was about time to change rooms. Then the bell rang and we all went to the next class. Now everyone in our places, she urgently went to the teacher to ask for permission, however she was also denied it since she was going to introduce herself as a new teacher. She begged and gave a little bend While pressing his crotch. When the teacher finished introducing himself, she left the room walking delicately. Then she came back and it was clearly seen that she had a stain in the crotch That she hidden with her sweatshirt.

That is all that I have. Unfortunately nothing interesting happened anymore and I was left with more desire.

