Long Kisses and a Full Bladder

Author: Trickling Down

*000*2016-05-29 09:07

It's another story from yours truly everyone! This one a bit (well, a lot) longer. Enjoy :)

Nadine arrived at the university after work, and we met up near the library to talk about stuff, like the class we were going to be doing in half an hour. We fetched some coffee at the stall outside, and then went inside, through the foyer, and upstairs to one of the comfier areas, so we could look at the things we had studied the night before. I noticed a few minutes after we sat down, however, that she seemed quite fidgety. She would subtly change position every minute or so, her brown hair swaying as she did so. I refrained from asking her about this, partly to keep the conversation flowing, partly to make sure didn't stop. She still drank her coffee like there was no trouble, unlike me, slowly sipping my mocha, because after twenty minutes she said she wanted another one! Of course, I was alerted further to her need as she and her curvy figure stood up quite gingerly, gingerly enough for me to see down her red shirt into her D cup breasts.

"I kinda need to pee too, Simon."

"Do you still want your coffee?"

"Of course!"

"Well, we only have ten minutes until class starts, and I'm not sure if you have time to use the bathroom after we get coffee. The tables fill up quick."

"Oh well. I can hold it."

"For two hours?"

"Yep."

"Okay."

We went downstairs, and thankfully there was no line at the stall so she could still get her second coffee, and fill her bladder of course.

We walked into the classroom, finding most of the room occupied, but there were still a couple of seats for Nadine and I. I noticed that she crossed her legs quite tightly as she sat down, her dark blue jeans stretching slightly under the stress.

"As you may or may not have seen in the Blackboard section, today we will be learning about the mechanisms that toxins and poisons employ when they harm, and sometimes kill, whoever is unlucky enough to have them in their body."

This was something I was actually interested in, hence why I took the course. Learning what poisons do, and how to stop them, is a fairly useful thing to know, isn't it?

To my left, however, was something altogether more interesting. You guessed it, my squirming friend Nadine. She wasn't that distracting at the start of the class, but as time wore on, she got more and more desperate. Finishing off her second coffee after just fifteen minutes didn't help, of course.

"Where's the bin?"

"Already?"

"Yep."

"Over there, at the front."

"Okay."

As she wandered off to discard her coffee cup, my eyes wandered off with her, her legs staying together as she walked, her black ankle boots making the slightest of sounds as she made her way to the bin. Her right knee bent into her left as she threw the cup away, and she took her time walking back, seemingly to show herself off slinking back, but really to make sure she didn't leak. As she got back, however, she immediately pulled out a one litre bottle of water from her satchel and drank about ten percent of it.

"You're thirsty."

"I've just drank two coffees. I need to stay hydrated."

"Good point."

She smiled as she said this, and then crossed her legs again, this time opposite from before.

It was another hour or so, and we were in a group activity at our tables, determining what were neurotoxins, what were blood toxins, and what were other types of toxins. I seemed to be the only one of the six at the table to actually know what was what, but even my attention wasn't entirely on the activity, and seemingly, neither was Nadine's. By now, her responses to her full bladder had escalated from less-than-occasional changes in position to a constant squirming.

"Maybe you shouldn't have had that second coffee," I whispered to her.

"Yeah, I definitely shouldn't have."

"When did you last pee, anyway?"

"This morning, when I woke up. What time is it now, Simon?"

"About 3:30."

"It's been, like, seven and a half hours!"

"And you've had two coffees, half a bottle of water..."

"I had another coffee at home, and one at work, and another bottle of water, which I refilled when I arrived. And a Boost at lunch."

"Damn."

She proceeded to tug at her belt and, counter-intuitively, finish off the rest of her bottle of water.

"Make that a full bottle of water here," I said.

"Yep. And now for a third."

"Wow."

We eventually did our activity, and the other work that we had to do in the class, although I had to help Nadine with a bit of her stuff, with her mind wandering rather below the desk, and her right hand planted in her crotch, her body sometimes leaning forward into the table. My mind was also wandering below the desk (and to my left), as was my penis, now pointing solidly upwards. I fixed this into a less obvious position as the lecturers were telling us what we needed for next lesson, and most of the class left almost immediately after. As for Nadine and I? Well, she couldn't get her legs uncrossed quite so quickly.

When she finally stood up, it was even more gingerly than last time, and she was now struggling to hide her desperation. It was now almost four, a full eight hours since she last used the toilet. As we were walking, Nadine's legs were never apart, and her hand would sometimes stray near her privates. Part of me wanted to lead her to the toilet, but the rest of me wanted to keep her away. Outside, on the way to the library, she stopped, crossing her right leg over her left, and slightly bending over.

"Don't we have to print the experiment instructions out?" Nadine asked.

"Oh yeah. That's for tomorrow, right?"

"Yeah, it is."

We walked towards the library, the computer area making up the lower floor of the library building, and when we walked in, Nadine went straight past the bathrooms and down the stairs! Inside, I was like "Olé!", and I had to resist the urge to raise my hands in celebration as if I had scored a goal. Being next to her down the stairs, her slow walk was unbelievably sexy. The way her legs stayed together and slinked forward, she somehow managed to look graceful, despite her nagging need to pee. She then put her hand on her crotch as she came off the first flight of stairs and kept it there down the second. My lust was huge, my eyes almost certainly dilated, my penis making its presence known in my jeans. Nadine had to remove her hand as we entered the computer area proper, and she put her hands in her pockets.

We found a pair of computers to use, and I sat down and watched Nadine do the same. She put her hand back in her crotch, and then crossed her legs as she carefully sat down. When we got off the computers after finding the experiment papers, she did this in reverse, but I noticed as we walked to the printers her hand was still in her privates. I let her go first, ostensibly as courtesy, but really to watch her shift from leg to leg as she released the print job. When she finished, I went on to release my print job, while staring at Nadine as if I was hypnotised by her pee dancing. Scratch that. I was hypnotised by her pee dancing. I wondered why she didn't just go, but I was so happy she didn't.

"We can study at my house if you want," Nadine asked, as I finished printing the instructions.

"Yeah, sure. Okay," I responded, rather more excitedly than I should have, with a noticeable smile on my face. "Let me just call my mum."

I called my mum for permission to stay at Nadine's house, trying, and failing, to avoid watching Nadine cross her legs, spin around, and pace back and forth in her attempts to alleviate the annoyance in her bladder. At this point, I wasn't sure what was more noticeable. Her pee dancing, or my staring. Eventually, I managed to finish my phone call, complete with approval to stay at Nadine's. I put my forms in my bag, and we put on our jackets as we walked out of the library block, Nadine seemingly not even noticing the bathrooms between the flights of stairs going down to the computers and going up to the first level of books and comfy study areas, and even stopping along the way to the bus stop to fill up one of her water bottles.

While I usually took a bus at the front gate of the uni, she took a bus at a completely different stop across a foot bridge from the back of the university. While we were walking toward there, her steps were small, and her hand, now somewhat inside her jacket sleeve, was in front of her, her satchel shielding it from other people's eyes, while I checked when the next bus to her house was. As we approached the bridge, Nadine stopped again, and this time she grabbed her crotch, bent over for a bit, and started jogging on the spot, her breasts bouncing along with her oscillations.

"Oh my gosh, I'm dying to pee."

"I can see that."

"Where's the bathroom?"

"The last one I saw was in the library."

"Lets look for one now."

The angel and devil on my shoulder fought for my conscience. The devil won convincingly.

"It's twenty to five. Shouldn't we get home before sunset?"

"But my bladder's sooo full."

By now Nadine had crossed her legs around her hand and was bouncing up and down in a full on pee dance, her boobs still shaking as they peeked out of her red top.

"You don't want me to wet myself, do you Simon?"

I gave her a face somewhere between "touché" and "actually..."

"Come on, you can hold it, can't you?"

"I guess. It does kinda feel nice to hold it."

This time, I could feel my eyes dilating, watching her adorable face blush as she said those words, and I actively had to keep my lips together to avoid my mouth drifting open. I struggled to say "cool" as Nadine uncrossed her legs and we crossed the bridge, Nadine's hand still in her crotch. After crossing the bridge, we still had to walk a bit further, and as the other side was busier than the university, Nadine had to put her hands in her pockets, and our walking pace momentarily slowed. As she did this, I got a sudden and compelling urge to hold her hand, and i had to use my right hand to keep my left hand away from her. We got to a set of pedestrian lights, and Nadine, now starved of movement, rose her right leg up to her left for a couple of seconds, and then did the same with her left leg to her right. She repeated this until the light turned green, and we reached the bus station soon after we crossed the road.

It was now five to five, so the bus station was getting quite busy, but we managed to find a seat, which was good for Nadine, as now she could grab her crotch between her crossed legs and use her satchel to hide her actions. I put my left hand down next to me, and immediately felt something warm and soft, but something was telling me to keep it there, and it felt good, so I didn't check what it was. The buses were queuing like taxis at an airport, only with a lot more people, and a lot less space. I spotted a bus that would take us where we needed, but Nadine rejected it as it stopped in front of us, saying it was too crowded and had no seats left. Another bus came up a couple of minutes later, and Nadine saw it wasn't as crowded. This time, she motioned to get up much quicker, but instead sat back down.

"Simon!"

"What?"

"Move your hand."

"Huh? Oh."

As it turned out, that lovely warmth was Nadine's right hand, so I tried to move it away so we could get on the bus. As we got on, however...

"Simon!" she whispered.

"What now?"

"You're still holding my hand!"

This time, I couldn't even stammer out a coherent response, and I prised my hand off of Nadine's, this time using my right hand to hold it away. All the while, I could feel the embarrassment travelling through me, and yet I started to feel giddy, my embarrassment seemingly being mixed in with copious amounts of oxytocin. After scanning our bus cards, Nadine led me to some seats near the back of the bus. Or at least tried to.

"Simon? Simon!"

"Oh, hello. Did I nod off a bit?"

"Yeah."

This time, she actually grabbed my hand and physically led me to our seats, Nadine taking the same position as before, but now with added squirming, which I could feel through her hand, which I was totally unable to let go of.

As we were talking on the bus, I started to get sleepy. I was still aroused and jittery watching this beautiful girl next to me try to keep her bladder in check, but I was becoming more docile as time wore on. I couldn't lean to my left, as I was in an aisle seat, so eventually I leant into Nadine.

"Simon?"

"Yeah?" I said in a rather sleepy voice.

"Are you tired?" Her voice sounded kinda cute, like a babysitter.

"Yeah, kinda."

"Do you have to lean on me?"

"I don't know. You're really comfortable though."

"It's not like I'm your girlfriend, though."

"Maybe we can change that."

I smiled as I said that, only to quickly realise that I just said that. Oh shit.

"Did I just say that?" I stutter.

"Yep."

Nadine gave me a cheerful yet smug smile, her cute lipsticked lips drawing me in. 'She's not angry,' I thought. 'Good.'

"Yeah, er, I like you. Quite a lot. Maybe we can go out on Saturday."

"Sure," she affirmed, her smile lighting up her face.

"I guess you are my girlfriend now," I remarked, my confidence coming back to me.

"I guess I am, Simon."

Then she kissed me. On the lips. My breathing suddenly slowed, and got heavier, and my jitters came back instantly.

"Please, do that again. And never stop." So she did.

The pleasure as we embraced, our lips locked, our arms around each other's warm bodies, even our movement, synchronised with each other and to the pulse of our kiss, it was the greatest pleasure I had ever experienced. My eyes wavered between open and closed, alternating between Nadine's startling eyes and a pitch black sensuality. In the hot mess that was us, Nadine leant me onto the seat and continued her life-giving kiss from above. It was a long time before it ended, but I would have preferred that it didn't end at all.

Nadine pushed herself up above me and we looked at each other's eyes, still breathing heavily from the embrace, her hands planted to my sides. She then sat up normally and put both hands into her crotch, but not before I got a glimpse of her nether regions, now exhibiting a tennis ball sized wet spot. Meanwhile my lips now had red lipstick smudged on them, and for some reason I quite liked having it there. It certainly contributed to my longing desire to lock lips with Nadine again.

"Looks like your bladder's getting real bad, now."

"Well, duh!" she exclaimed, before whispering "I think I leaked when we did that."

"Shit, really?"

"Yeah, look. Before I leak again."

She slowly lifted her hands from her lap, now only holding with her muscles.

"That's not good," I said.

"You don't say."

Nadine put her hands back in her crotch, and tightly crossed her legs around them, keeping them there for the rest of the bus ride. She was also getting tired, having been constantly working since nine thirty, so she leant herself onto my lap, and I kissed her on her lips. We stayed like this until we got to our stop, which wasn't good for Nadine, as she now had to walk again. Nadine kept both hands in her crotch at all times, save for scanning her card again upon leaving the bus. The walk to her house was short and uninteresting, but upon arriving at her place we had to stop on the porch so she could muster up enough control to hide her significant desperation from her parents.

It was now twenty to six, easily nine and a half hours since Nadine last used the toilet, and she had consumed something like five litres of drinks. She crossed her legs around her crotch again and bent down, then removed her hands and crossed her legs again. Before entering the house, we decided to kiss again, and the euphoria came back instantly, if only for the few seconds our lips were together. I took a peek at her crotch, or what I could make of it with her legs crossed, and her wet spot was now the size of a small plate, similar to what one would eat a slice of cake from, and as we entered the house, after she had carefully uncrossed her legs of course, I could see a slightly smaller spot on her bottom.

"Hi mum. Hi Dad."

"Hi Nadine," her mum responded.

"Ooh, we have a visitor," her dad said.

"Hi, Mr and Mrs Cilessen," I said. "My name's Simon."

"Hi, Simon," they both said.

Nadine, obviously not wanting to wait around her parents longer, headed for the stairs, and I followed. Our walk up the stairs was slower than ever due to Nadine keeping her thighs together as much as possible, and as soon as her parents were out of sight, Nadine put both hands straight back into her crotch.

"I can finally use the bathroom!" she exclaimed.

"Yay," I mockingly said, limply semi-raising my arms for extra effect.

When we got to the top of the stairs, she bolted straight to the bathroom door, and by bolted I mean hobbled at pace, only to find her hopes crushed as the door handle refused to turn.

"Who's in there?" Nadine desperately asked as she knocked on the door while lifting one leg after the other, "I'm dying to pee!"

"It's me! I'm having a bath!" a voice shouted from inside.

"Come on, Sally."

"Sorry."

"Little sister?" I asked.

"Yep, and she's gunna be in there a looong time."

"Is there a downstairs bathroom?"

"It's broken."

"Damn."

Nadine and I grabbed a towel from a closet, just in case, and headed off to her room to try to do some study, but that was essentially impossible as Nadine's bladder was too full to let her concentrate, or indeed use her hands, and I was too occupied watching her fidget and change positions on her bed and sometimes stand up to try to hold back all that pee. Eventually, we decided to just not bother trying to study and we started making out again, pulsating in time with each other, me on top of Nadine and her still tightly crossed legs, themselves around her right hand, together holding back the flood that lay inside her bladder.

However, I soon noticed her start to leak again, and then she pushed me off the bed and onto the wall so as not to soil the bed, and her leaking turned into spurts of pee, becoming stronger with each pulse of our kiss, until they coalesced into a trickle. I pulled her with me until I was able to reach the towel, then I threw it down on the floor and laid Nadine below me onto it, and she finally let go. Her body became limp under me as we continued our sensual lip lock, myself making sure I didn't get any more pee on me than the spots that my jeans had already absorbed. It was a minute and a half before Nadine's release finally stopped, and at that moment our lips finally let go, and we finally started breathing again. We sat up, mainly because we couldn't stand, and upon inspection, we found Nadine's jeans, the lower part of her shirt, and the towel all completely soaked in urine, and even the floor underneath sustained damage.

We sat there for ten minutes or so, staring at each other and the drenched towel, and then we heard the bathroom door open. Sally had finally finished her bath. Then we heard her walk toward our room, and I quickly threw the towel under the bed and started kissing Nadine yet again, this time to hide her drenched jeans from her sister before she opened the door.

"Bathroom's - oh my god. Wow."

"What?" I asked, seeing the shock in Sally's eyes at the sight of us making out.

"Imma go now."

"Okay. Bye."

"What do we do now?" I asked Nadine.

"I'm going to have a shower, she replied.

"That might be a good idea."

Nadine then slinked off to the bathroom, and I watched her beautiful curvy body and her soaked jeans for the short trip.

*010*2018-11-03 05:24

{{On 31 October 2018 at 2:34 AM, Alex Oxford said:

I just remembered the story earlier this morning @Trickling Down

! Definitely was one o my favorites for a long time, I know we’d love to see a sequel Love your writing amigo, keep it up!

}}

Thanks, amigo. I'll get to that sequel eventually, but I have a couple of other stories to sort out first. You just wait there

