Malki`s bladder`s adventure part 1

Author: the ghost

*000*2021-08-17 13:30

School bell rang and everyone hurried into their classes, since it’s the final exam both students and teachers were as early as possible. Every student wanted good marks of course. Our protagonist or victim I would say, was a bit late to class due to heavy traffic jam and pouring rain. She’s still in the bus which is currently stuck within the masses of vehicles. Her name is Malki, works as a teacher in an all-boys school in Sri Lanka. Today her choice of saree (a dress commonly worn by South Asian women) was a silky pink one mixed with white stripes.

Small Sakura flowers increased the beauty of it. She’s a petite woman at the perfect age of 24. Fair in complexion and had an amazing pair of soft jiggly breasts with pink nipples (to match her saree probably) that was admired by the boys of all ages and vigorously grouped by her fiancé all the time. Her ass was mediocre but not bad since its been loved my many boys at school. Between those curvy and plumy thighs, there was her innocent little pussy cat (The real protagonist of the story lol), holding a full bladder right now in the bus.

“Oh god when I can reach the school so I can empty the container ahhh” Malki’s bladder tortured her mercilessly. The rain made it worse. She was fidgeting all over while standing and holding the pole with her left hand. Her right hand was busy grabbing her pee hole otherwise she’ll piss in her cute saree. Almost everyone in the bus could easily see her battle against her bladder by her heavily agonized face and majority of males enjoyed her struggle. Malki was sweating all over, sweat drops flowed from her neck down into her cleavage wetting her melons, her back wash shining with her sweat.

“Everybody who bought tickets for the junction now may get out of the bus.” Screamed the conductor through the people.

“Finally, just another one halt to the school. Sweet relief here I come.” Malki screamed inside her head merrily imagining pissing inside the ladies peacefully.

* 15 minutes passed. *

“Uh god why this fucking bus won’t move. Why the fuck there’s so much traffic today” She was angry towards the stupid bus driver, the conductor and all the other drivers blocking her way to her ultimate pleasure. She knew that she’ll wee on herself like a little girl soon and flood the whole bus with her water. So her next quick decision was to get out of the bus, so maybe she can find a corner or a toilet to relieve herself. So, she swiftly squeezed through the crowd while violently grabbing her crotch.

Well somewhere in the middle of the bus, a young man who read the situation perfectly took his opportunity. While Malki is rushing through the crowd he quickly put his hand underneath her saree blouse AND her blue lacy bra to feel her melons. He was able to get a good 3 to 5 seconds of heavenly pleasure. Her cute nipples were pinched hardly, and the boobs were felt well. Her boobs were slipped by his hands multiple time due to her heavy seating. His hand covered from Malki’s sweet, lovely boob sweat and he didn’t hesitate to lick it even though people were watching.

“Oh, sweet gooooood aah aah aaaaaah” he just came in his pants instantly because he grabbed some high-quality boob meat and sacred titty sweat which he enjoyed well.

Since her need to urinate is much greater, she didn’t want to make a scene there and quickly walked pass him while adjusting her blouse. The touch of her breasts aroused her a bit and a quick spray of piss burst through her pussy, wetting her sweet cotton panty.

As soon as she got out of the bus, all she could see was thousands of people busily running here and there for their work. Her eyes quickly searched a washroom, and she couldn’t find a single. For her luck, the rain almost stopped, otherwise she’ll be in deep trouble since she left her umbrella at home.

“God, I need to piss like right now. I’m late for school also. Omg what to do what to do now…” as she thought that she knew that she was slowly losing her battle with her bladder. She could have walked to the school and get the pleasure of pissing into the teacher’s commode with a privacy of four walls and a roof, but she couldn’t do that since she’s about to piss herself. Her vagina was sweating a lot and it was basically screaming to empty the bladder as soon as she can.

“Aaah I don’t even care if someone sees me. I just need this piss outta my body. That’s it.” She talked to herself while squatting down while hundreds of people are walking past her. Her bladder was at last happy, so that it can let go of this heavy liquid.

As soon as she squats, she saw this big trash box in the corner of the main street. It was big enough for the lady to get some privacy.

“Ah that’ll do it. Finally, I can take this piss peacefully.” She thought while dashing towards it. There was no one around there.

As she went behind the trash box while blocking her piss hole with both of her hands, within a split second, she quickly lifted her saree up revealing her cute cunt and plumy ass covered by her light pink cotton panty, which is also somewhat wet by the incident in the bus. As squatting she instantly grabbed the panty from behind and pulled down along her legs, revealing her curvy white bottom and then the glamours piss hole decorated with half grown black pubic hair.

Just before she let her dam open, a loud battle cry was made to celebrate her victory of ‘Not pissing herself’, which might have grabbed the attention of few people.

“Ohhhhh good goooooooood aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah” a thick stream of transparent urine was rocketed out from her pussy as soon as the panty was out of the way whilst the queen was enjoying a pleasure of a great piss. The stream was making a loud hiss sound as it hit the cement pedestrian and the holy water made a massive reservoir behind the trash box. The stream and the sighs continued for some time. And the reservoir kept getting bigger and bigger to the point I was soaking her high heels and her saree pallu. (The loose end of the saree). From behind you could see a heavy piss stream aggressively emptying between meaty thighs into the road. Her curvy ass was completely visible to anyone who's looking from behind. She could feel the cold wind kissing her asshole and tickling her heavy working pussy and it added up to her pleasure.

60 seconds passed, yet the stream is as strong as in the beginning. Malki repositioned her legs because squatting in the same way for a long time made her legs hurt. Her bladder was emptying very fast yet there was more piss to be emptied. Some of the piss wet her legs and even her asshole. And suddenly the stream stopped.

“Ahhh the best piss ever. I probably shouldn’t drink on Sunday Nights” The stream started again after a small break with a less power. While she was emptying her water sack, she checked the time.

“Shit its almost 7.45 I’m way too late for school.” She thought as was enjoying the piss.

At the 1 minute 40 seconds mark the stream got weaker and our lady finished doing the most private thing out in the open public, risking her self-esteem. And of course, entertaining a small audience.

Since her piss-soaked panty disgust her, she decided to slide it down the legs and put it inside the trash box, instead of wearing it. Then next moment she fled the crime scene while feeling well relieved as if nothing ever happened behind the trash box. She walked towards the school confidently, despite only a piece of Saree covering a private parts. Well, it’s probably way cooler down there without a panty and her pussy probably needed that after being pressurized way too much.

At 8.00 she reached the school premises as light as a feather still enjoying the trash box piss.

“Ma’am I see you are late today. What might be the reason?” Headmaster stopped her right in front of the school gate.

“I got stuck in traffic sir. Want happen again.” Replied Malki while thinking about her adventure.

“Oh good. Quickly go to your class the exam has already begun.”

“Okay. I’ll run” Malki replied as she was laughing.

“Ah one thing. Make sure you don’t let boys’ copy. Do anything necessary to stop copying and cheating.” Headmaster said in a raised voice.

“Okay I’ll take care of that.” Malki went to her class passing the headmaster who didn’t forget to take look at her panty-less booty popping out of her saree. She walked pass many other classrooms to find her classroom which was 11-E. All the students were doing the exam paper while a substitute examiner took care of the class.

“Oh Malki, you came. What made you so late?” substitute teacher asked from her. (Apparently Malki and her are best friends for more than 5 years.)

“Gotta tell you Anudi, I had to piss really bad in the traffic.” Replied Malki with sporting a naughty facial expression.

“OMG what happened then?”

“It was so bad I had to take the piss behind a trash box”

“Oh wow. Seems like I gotta wee now, this rain makes things worse. Anyways see you later. Take care of the classroom” Anudi went in the direction of the teacher washroom that was situated in the staff room, which is in the same building as all grade 11 classrooms.

“Ok I will. Take care.” Malki replied as she sits on the teachers chair.

The whole piss discussion was faintly heard by some of the students at the class and they got excited a bit. Maybe they’ll do better in the exam.

Meanwhile Anudi was peacefully sitting on the commode after putting the seat down. Her lacey knicker was dropped down to her feet. And her pussy hole was emitting a stream down to the commode through her dark bush, wetting it in the process. She didn’t sigh much because it wasn’t that urgent as Malki’s but she did felt good. The piss stream hitting the commode water made a loud bubbly sound for about 20 seconds up until her piss ended.

Then she took the metallic bidet shower and kept it against her pussy from the font and press the button to wash it. Cold water stream sprayed on her vagina startling Anudi a bit. Piss drops on her vag and bush got washed away but her bush got wet from the cold water. Then she took her cute girly anime handkerchief to wipe it. Like a normal person, next she smelled it and put it back to her handbag. (Usually Sri Lankan toilets doesn't have toilet paper)Soon the knicker was well placed covering her thick buttocks and the semi wet vag. As the toilet was flushing, we went out of it like a supervillain after demolishing a building.

Meanwhile Malki was sitting on her chair carefully checking on students to catch anyone cheating or exchanging answers, not knowing that her panty-less pussycat and her poor bladder will be destroyed by a sea of piss soon. The morning trash bin piss was just a teaser for the day. ❤

(Hi guys this is my first story ever written. Please ignore the mistakes and hope you enjoyed the story.

P.S. I mistakenly posted the same story in interactive stories section. Sorry about that. Seems like I can't remove the topic.)

*002*2021-08-17 19:39

{{3 hours ago, peeople said:

SHCOOLE TOILET IS CLEAN ENOUGH

}}

Teachers' toilet is probably cleaner, right?

*004*2021-08-18 08:06

{{9 hours ago, peeople said:

My hometown students and teachers share restroom togeher .

Only headmaster have Own office and bathroom。

Students use toilet in breaktime (8min)

Teachers use toilet in Class time （40MIN)

}}

Oh. That's news for me. Where are you from?

And in Sri Lanka there are separate toilets for student and teacher. I've seen teachers using students toilet though, but students aren't allowed to use teachers' toilets. Usally students toilet is almost always unclean while the teachers toilets are cleaned well.

*007*2021-08-19 03:49

{{6 hours ago, peeople said:

Are there enough public restroom for ladies in your city ?

Do women have to hold their pee in bladder long time in public?

Is it illegal for her to pee behind the trash can?

}}

There are some public restrooms in main cities in Sri Lanka and most of the time they are very dirty and broken. Most of the time people use gas station and mall restrooms.

Most of the time women have to hold their pee, its not common for women to pee in public unless its extremely urgent. I've seen some women pee outside in trips tho.

I think peeing in public is illegal in Sri Lanka, yet so many men do that in certain areas of the country. Women usually don't pee in public. If a policeman caught her peeing behind the trash can, she might get arrested.

*010*2021-08-19 16:49

{{8 hours ago, peeople said:

Women who urinate in public will be arrested by the police

They will be looked down upon by others. No man likes a lady with a small bladder。

You say " I've seen some women pee outside in trips tho."

Are they not afraid to break the law and be punished

}}

Mostly that law is only considering in main city areas.

In trip they usually stop at rural areas to pee. No one will be arrested in such rural areas.

*013*2021-08-20 04:28

{{10 hours ago, peeople said:

Do Sri Lankan women often complain and worry because they have no place to pee and have to hold their urine for a long time?

}}

Yeah

*024*2021-09-12 19:33

{{6 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Very good story, and cool to read a story based on a familiar surrounding. Your writing style is good as well. So please continue your amazing story.

(However it's not natural for a Sri Lankan girl to be unable to hold till reaching a proper toilet and peeing on the road. She would be able to hold till the end of exam if wanted, when considering her as a typical (and healthy) Sri Lankan girl. So better if she controlled her chuu bara till the end of the day, without peeing behind the trash can)

}}

Oh yeah i kinda can agree. I'll be writing part 2 soon. Most probably there will be exam desperation hehehe

