A desperate punishment

Author: TJC

*000*2018-05-20 02:25

Serena was getting ready for her first day of school. She was a very pretty girl of average height, and had a slender build and long blonde hair. Serena was fourteen years old and was about to start her first day of grade nine at Jessica Jameson highschool. Serena was very excited about high school, but not for academic reasons. Serena never cared much for school. Instead, her interests lied with all the highschool parties she would finally gt to start attending. Shes was finally old enough to get to go to one and she couldn't wait.

Serena lived with a girl named Emily. Emily was Serena's best friend since childhood. She was seventeen years old, and was starting her first day of grade twelve. She had beautiful long brown hair and is relatively tall for her age. Unlike Serena, Emily was very academic. She stayed away from drugs and other risky behaviour, and insted focused on her all A+ report cards. She tried to encourage Serena to do the same.

The two had lived in the same neighboorhood since they were very young, which is where they met and became friends. They very recently also became house mates. Serena's parents had died in a car crash when she was a baby, so she went to go live with her grandmother. A couple months before her grade eignt year was over, Serena's grandmother also passed away. With nowhere to go, Emily's family invited Serena to come live with them, which Serena graciously accepted. Emily's parents were both in the military, so they spent a lot of time over seas. They had just been deployed this past summer, which meant that there was only Serena and Emily living in the house currently, which didn't bother them one bit. The two girls always though of each other as sisters, considering neither of them had any biological brothers and sisters. The two were really enjoying their time living together.

Serena was walking about her room in her pink bra and panties, looking for the perfect thing to wear on her first day. She eventually settled on an orange tank top and short shorts. She grabbed her backpack and headed downstairs for breakfast. "Mornin' Em!" She said to Emily, who was already eating. "Hey Serena! You excited for your first day?"

"I can't wait to get to go to highschool!" Serena yelled. "The cute boys, the parties.."

"Hold on there." Emily interjected. "It's ok to have fun, but i don't want you getting into trouble. My parents are away and they trusted me to look after you."

"I know i know." Serena Replied in an annoyed tone. "I won't do anything too bad." She Said as she rolled her eyes playfully. "That's a good girl" Emily replied as she patted Serena on her head. The two girls finished breakfast, then they walked to school together.

School started out very boring for Srena. Her fist two periods were math and science, her least favorites subjects. Things didn't start to get interesting for her until lunch time. As she was crouching at her locker arranging how she would organise her books, she saw someone standing over her. He was a tall skinny boy with basketball shoes and sunglasses on. He also wore a whitetank top and sagging jeans. She got up to talk to him. "Umm, hello." Serena said sheepishly. "Hey i'm Danny. I've seen you around,and you're really pretty." Serena Blushed a little and smiled coyly. "Well anyway," Danny continued. "I'm having a party at my place this friday night. Kind of a start of school thing. Here's my address, hope you can make it." Danny handed Serena a small piece of paper and walked away.

Serena couldn't believe what happened to her. She had just been invited to a party at Danny Berkowitz's house. Danny was one of the most famous sophomores in the school, and he invited her to party. Of course Emily knew all about Danny and his parties and would never let her go. So Serena spent the second part of her school day thinking of excuses.

When School ended, Serena immediately rushed home to tell Emily her fake excuse about the party. Serena arrived home first. Emily had stayed behind to chat with some friends, and arrived home a little while later. "Hey Serena, how was the first day of highschool? Teachers weren't to tough on your first day?" Emily said jokingly. "No they were ok." Serena replied. "Hey Em, is it alright if i go to a study group this friday night at the library with some friends?"

"What time will you be out until, and who will you be with?" Emily asked. "Well, we plan on studying really hard, so like elevenish." Emily gave a concerned look. "Please Em, I'm grown up enough, after all i'm a highschooler now. And besides, Jamal will be there." Emily thought for a minute. "Well you are very trustworthy, and if Jamal is going then i guess it's fine." Jamal was a kid in Serena's grade she knew from middle school. He was very studious, responsible and hardworking. Emily often encouraged Serena to hang out with him, hoping some of his work ethic would rub off on her."Thanks Em! You're the best!" Serena cried as she hugged Emily.

Friday night was finally here and Serena had just gotten dressed for the party. She wore her shortest pair of short shorts, and a low cut white tank top she borrowed from Emily. "That's what you're wearing to the libray?" Emily asked curiously. "Uhh yeah." Serena replied nervously. "Well i'd say you're a tad underdressed, but anyway have fun." Emily walked to the bus stop. She then bused towards Danny's house. He lived rather far from the school, so the trip was about an hour.

When Serena Arrived she didn't know what to expect. No one greeted her at the door. She just walked in and heard loud music blearing. People were all over dancing, smoking, and what caught caught her immediate attention was the ammount of alcohol. Serena didn't recognise anyone so she just went to the table with beer. She started out drinking one. This was her first time drinking alcohol and she found the taste rather pleasant. When she finished the first beer she looked around to see a group of people she could talk to. Evryone seemed to be doing their thing and Serena was too shy to engage anyone. So she decide to have another beer. And then another... Until she had drank five whole cans. At this poinjt she was feeling very drunk. It felt like the room was spinning. She knew she made a mistake coming here. She decided to call Emily to pick her up, hoping she wouldn't be too mad. She dialed Emily's number and Emliy answered. "Hello."

"Uhh, h-hey em. It's Serena."

"Oh hey Serena, how's studying going?"

"Umm, about that. I didn't go to the library. I went to a party at Danny Berkowitz's house. I'm really drunk. Could you pick me up?" Emily became furious after hearing this. "Serena! I- i trusted you! Do you know how stupid this is!? Fine, i'll be there soon. Don't drink anything else." Serena was worried about what emily would do when she arrived, but she was relieved to be getting a ride home.

After the phone call ended Serena noticed her bladder was rather full from all that alcohol. She went to the bathroom and saw a long que of girls fidgeting and waiting their turn to pee. (All the guys were just going in the backyard.) She got in line and waitied as frantic girls waited to go in, and came out looking all relieved. As Serena waited longer and longer she noticed her need to pee was rapidly increasing. By the time she got to the front of the line she was fidgeting a litte. As soon as the girl before her came out Serena was going to go in but suddenly someone grabbed her arm. Serena looked up, and there was a steaming mad Emily. All she said, in a grunting tone was "We're leaving!"

"But Em, i need to pee..."

"I said now." Serena knew she had better do what Emily said, so she went with her to her car.

The car ride started out with a couple minutes of silence. Until Emily finally broke it. "What were you thinking? Do you know how dumn and dengerous parties like this are? There's drugs, and- and all sorts of nasty guys!"

"But Emily I just wanted to have some fun." Serena replied like a little girl being scolded by her mother. "What hurts most about this is that you lied to me. That really wasn't very cool." The next few moments were silent until Serena's need to pee became urgent. "Umm Emily, i need to pee rediculously bad from all the beer, can you pull over somewhere?" Emily did a quick look around for an exit, but then a brilliant idea popped into her head.

"Serena." She said in a devious tone. "You know that alcohol is diuretic, meaning it makes you really need to pee when you have it."

"Oh i know it, believe me." Serena replied. "well, i thinks that since you went behind my back to go drink alcohol at a party, there's no better punishment than the natural punishment of beer on your bladder. In other words, i'm not gonna let you pee until we arrive home."

"Y-you're kidding?" Serena asked in horror."

"Nope." Emily replied with a slight smile on her face.

Serena was absolutely bursting. She didn't know what to do. What could she do? She'd just have to hold it. Serena was shaking her legs and trying not to think about her bladder too much. She looked around to see how the traffic was. The streets were practically bumper to bumper goind towards their house. "How did you get here so quick?" Serena asked. "Well there was a hockey game tonight and these are all people coming back. The streets toward Danny's house were clear."

"You knew the streets wuld be like this before my punishment, didn't you?" Serena asked sngrily. Emily just smiled again.

Traffic was moving very slowly, and Serenas need to pee was rapidly increasinging. By now she was grabbing her crtch with both hands and moving around frantically in her seat. She really regretted wearing those tight little short short that were digging into her full bladder. Serena did all she could on the highway until they finally got to the exit that takes them to their house. Serena as relieved. They were out of the gridlock traffic, and would soon be home where she could relieve herself.

A couple minutes later Serena notced the car stop. She looked up thinking she was finally home, but then realised that she was in a McDonalds parking lot. Her eyes lit up thinking that Emily had given in and would let her use the bathroom. "Finally a bathroom!" SHe cried in joy. "No." Emily replied sternly. "I'm going to get a coke. You stay here. Emily left and went in. Serena sat there grabbing her crotch. The little detour would cause her to have to wait a little longer. She sat there in agony holding herself, wondering if she'd make it. A few minutes later Emily returned holding two drinks. "I got you a large coke."

"Uhh, thanks." Serena replied confused. "While i was in there i also took a leak. Boy did it feel good." Emily said mockingly, knowing it woul torture poor Serena. "Can we please go now?" Serena whined."

"Not until you finish your drink. We're not moving an inch until you drink it all." Serena looked up with a look of sheer terror. She knew there was no point arguing so she began to chug.

She chugged a big sip. Then another. She could feel the liquid making it's way ro her buldging bladder. It took her a couple minutes but she finally finished. "There, now can we go pa-lease?" Emily stated the car. Serena was at her limit squirming in her seat, holding back an occean of warm pee. A few minutes later they pulled into their house. As soon as the car stpped, Serena ran to the door, unlocked it and ran to the bathroom. Emily ran in after her, and just before Serena got in the bathroom, Emily grabbed her hand. "Hold on a second there." Em, please i'm about to piss myself!" Serena begged. "Have you learned your lesson?"

"Yes"

"You lied to me, and did a very stupid thing."

"I'm sorry!" Serena was in a frantic pee pee dance as Emily blocked her door. Emily smiled a little. "You know it's funny, earlier this week you were talking about how grown up you were, but now you have trouble holding your pee like a litle girl." Just then, a spurt releas from Serena's Bladder. "Oh no!" Then another, and then she began a full power stream. It soaked through her panties and then formed a big wetspot on her shorts before running down her legs and forming a big puddle on the ground. Serena began sobbing. Emily felt really bad about what she did.

"I'm so sorry Serena. I didn't know you had to go this urgently." Serena didn't say anything. "I wasn't trying to embarrass you. I was jut trying to punish you for going to that party. You know, it really hurt me that you lied to me, you're like my sister."

"I'm really sorry i lied and went to party." The two girls hugged and made up. "Now." said Emily compassinately. "Let's get you cleaned up, and how about i make some popcorn and we have a movie night?" Serena nodded her head in agreement and smiled.

*003*2018-05-28 00:12

{{30 minutes ago, pguy69 said:

I don't know why you haven't had more feedback on this. I really enjoyed it. A quick word of advice, I'd probably edit the ages a touch, make Serena 16 and Emily say 20. The story works just as well, but I was a little uneasy about Serena only being 14. Great concept though, and well written!

}}

{{On 5/19/2018 at 11:36 PM, Melificentfan said:

I loved that story it was excellent

}}

Thanks for the kind words. Now that you mention it I agree about the ages part. I'll probably make Serena 16 and Emily 18 if i decide to use these characters again. (Any older than that and Emily couldn't be in high school.

*005*2018-05-28 00:34

{{30 minutes ago, pguy69 said:

I loved the concept of a friend using desperation as a punishment though. Something I don't think I've seen before. Would love to see that idea explored further.

}}

I'm glad you liked my story. I don't have any plans on doing anything in the near future involving punishment, although i do plan on writing another story featuring these characters.

*007*2018-08-14 14:03

{{2 hours ago, AkenoSama said:

It is lovely, a quick and good read XD I'm going to read the continuations

Btw since you say " desperate punishment, the link is here. Emily's desperate test is based off of a comic i once drew. " can you post the link to your comic here or post your comic?!!

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed my stories. I have provided a link to the comic in the Emily's desperate test story.

*010*2018-08-19 13:51

{{7 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Loved it, I kind of prefer to go by the suggested adjustments to their ages, and can I ask what color Serena's shorts are? Or are they jean shorts?

}}

They are jean shorts.

