Weekend at the grandparents

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2012-10-22 03:31

Weekend at the grandparents

“Time to wake up!” Julie’s mother shouted. “We’ll leave in an hour!”

Slowly, Julie awoke. After about a minute of wondering, she remembered: they would spend a long weekend at her grandparents, more than 300km away. She always liked to go there; they live on a big farm with all kinds of animals, and there was a forest nearby. No one lives near so they have all the space to do what they want.

As Julie got out of bed, she saw her mother comforting her younger sister. Kathy was crying, and as she walked by Julie noticed something not uncommon; Kathy’s blue pajamas were soaked on the back. She had wet her bed again. Julie never gave her a hard time about this; after all, she too had an occasional night time accident when she was 13. Now, at 16, she had kept her bed dry for more than 2 years.

She walked past the scene to relieve her own bladder on the toilet, after which she took a shower. Once back in her room she got out of her own pink pajamas and panties, and put on her clean clothes she selected yesterday, when she packed her stuff for the weekend. She wore red panties and a black bra, with a pair of blue jeans with a few fake rips, a white, loose shirt and grey all stars. Her figure was skinny and rather short; she only was a few centimeters taller than her younger sister. For her age, she had average-sized breasts. She had slightly wavy black hair down to her shoulders, inherited from her dad, whereas her sister had her mother’s almost straight blonde hair.

At breakfast she drank some fresh orange juice and a large mug of coffee and ate a bowl of cereal, just like her dad. She had started drinking coffee last year, and was already hooked on it. A few moments later they were joined by her mom and sister. Kathy wore a pleaded skirt of pink and white, and a black and white striped top, which fitted tightly around her small breasts. Kathy only drank some juice and quickly ate some cereal; cleaning the bed had taken up a lot of time, and it was time to leave. They loaded the trunk and they were ready to go. Parents in the front, Julie and Kathy in the back seat, like all traditional family roadtrips. With the planned stop halfway, the journey would take about 4 hours, so the girls had something with them to pass the time; Kathy had a gameboy and Julie read a book.

After about an hour, Julie was completely oblivious to everything except her book. A sudden brake got her out of her trance. It was nothing serious and she continued reading, but now she became aware of something; she felt a twinge in her bladder; the liquids from breakfast were filling it up. Now suddenly aware of her urge, she had to cross her legs.

Julie continued reading, but her need for a bathroom stayed in the back of her head constantly and she was unable to fully concentrate. She tried to forget about it though, and kept on reading, but after 15 minutes the pressure had increased noticeably and she had to put one of her hands between her legs to release some of the pressure. This made it even harder to read though, and after another 10 minutes she could not concentrate on her book at all. She was getting desperate now and needed relief soon. Normally she would be at school or at home around this time and such a breakfast never was a problem, but now she could not choose when to go to the toilet. Julie was not used to this at all.

“How long till the first stop?” she asked, trying to sound casual.

“A little more than half an hour” her mom responded.

“More than half an hour, could I make that?” she thought, fidgeting. She had to. She could not ask for an earlier stop; it would be too embarrassing, especially now they were so close to the planned stop.

“Ehm, could we stop a bit earlier?” Julie heard from her left. Maybe she was saved; Kathy had put her gameboy away and clearly needed the toilet too.

“We’re almost there honey, just a little more patience” her mother said.

“But I need to pee!” Kathy said.

“Well, surely you could make it another 30 minutes, didn’t you use the bathroom before we left?”

“…No, I forgot” Kathy answered, hanging her head.

“Well, then you’ll just have to hold it,” her mother said sternly.

Julie sighed. If they are not going to stop for her little sister, they were definitely not going to stop for her. She put her book away, put both hands between her legs and looked out of the window. When she glanced back at Kathy, she saw her sister had put one hand under her skirt and she was constantly moving her legs. This did no good on Julie’s bladder; she suddenly felt a strong twinge and had to hold herself with both her hands; only a small spurt escaped. She felt it moisten her panties a bit, but was in control again. But now she felt it getting worse by the minute; her bladder started to ache, and she now had to constantly clench her muscles as tight as she could. She knew that after a first leak, she really needed a bathroom soon, or she would lose more.

“Oh my god, I can’t wet myself! I need to make it!” Julie thought. She started to doubt herself.

“Mom, how long?” Kathy asked.

“Just 20 minutes dear”

“20?” Kathy said, disappointedly. She now put her second hand under her skirt too.

Julie’s hopes rose a bit after this. “Maybe, if Kathy has an accident before I lose control, they will stop earlier” she thought. “Surely I can at least outlast my baby sister!”

Thinking of her possible relief, however, increased her need even more. Julie clenched her muscles even tighter than before and pushed her hands against her privates as hard as she could, but she could not prevent a small trickle from escaping. And another. Her hands felt the outside of her crotch get warm; it had gone through her panties! She let out a small squeal.

“Do you need to pee too?” Kathy asked.

“Yes, it’s a bit… urgent” Julie answered, red-headed.

Suddenly, they were cut off by a reckless driver, changing lanes. Julie’s dad hit the brakes abruptly to avoid a collision, with success.

“Are you alright back there?” He asked.

“Yes, I’m alright” Kathy answered right away.

“I…’m OK” Julie said, less convincing. Actually, she wasn’t OK. There was a spasm in her bladder, and it was now ready to empty. She could not do anything about it; her pee was slowly coming out. Wetness started to spread in her crotch, to her thighs. The whole area around her hands started to moisten. A trickle went down her butt, and she felt a small wet spot forming on the seat beneath her. Julie managed to stem the flow, however, and she felt the last ‘hiccups’ of pee flowing into her panties. She was in control again, but she had definitely wet herself; there was no escaping now. She could only stall the moment someone would find out, and so she placed her arms tactically on her crotch, to make sure Kathy could not see what she had done.

“Mom, how long is it?” Kathy asked.

“Gosh, I just told you 5 minutes ago! It’s still 15 minutes!”

“But I already leaked a little bit!” Kathy said.

“Not my problem. But if you ruin the seat, you are going to clean it out yourself!”

Julie now realized; she had lost control before her baby sister, had already gotten the seat wet and there was no way she could get away with this. Tears were welling up in her eyes, and another spurt escaped. The spurt turned into a small dribble, and the tears started slowly rolling down her eyes. She could do nothing about it; her muscles would not clench any more.

“Mom! Julie is peeing her pants!” Kathy almost screamed. She had noticed; the wet spot beneath Julie was spreading, and under her crossed legs Kathy could see it.

“Kathy, don’t say that, we’re not pulling over!” Julie’s mom screamed back.

That’s when Julie gave up; she started sobbing as she lost her last bit of control. The car went completely silent apart from Julie’s sobs and a clear hissing sound. Her bladder emptied itself as fast as it could, and all pressure disappeared. She retrieved her wet hands from between her legs and uncrossed her legs. All restrictions were now gone, and the complete content of Julie’s bladder went into her pants. As she looked down on herself, Julie saw her pants darkening around her crotch, and it expanded quickly down the insides of her legs.

Beneath her she felt the couch getting more and more soaked, and only moments later the wetness on it spread all around her butt and legs. Between her legs was now a puddle of pee that had not yet been absorbed by her pants or the couch, which kept on growing until the moment where the couch overflowed; between Julie’s lower legs a waterfall appeared, making a puddle between her legs and wetting her pants even more, partly going down into her shoes until they, too, overflowed. As the stream slowly died down, the waterfall decreased to dripping. Julie’s bladder was now empty, and her sobbing was the loudest sound in the car now.

“I’m sorry Julie, are you alright? Let’s pull over here and clean this up” Julie’s mom said. “We can also clean it 10 minutes from now” said her dad, lowering his window.

“Well, do you want everyone at the gas station to see your 16 year old daughter had an accident? And you can’t let her sit in her own urine like this, we’re pulling over here.”

“I am almost peeing myself too!” Kathy added. Reluctantly he pulled over, giving in to the majority.

As soon as they stood still, Kathy jumped out and ran around the car towards the bushes. 2 meters from the car, however, drips were starting to fall from underneath her skirt. As Kathy came to a halt, the drips started to form a stream. She hiked her skirt up to reveal her white panties, where the stream was coming from, landing right beneath her feet with small trickles going down her legs. She squatted down and peed forcefully trough her panties. Once ready, she stood up, clearly relieved she made it out of the car. Her skirt covered nearly all the evidence of her accident, except for her socks which had gotten a little bit of pee on them. Her glistening legs could be dried. When she looked back at the car she saw her older sister standing besides the car, getting out of her completely soaked pants. Her red panties only had a small dry spot on the highest part of the front, and even the back of her shirt had gotten some pee on it.

As Julie had to clean up anyway, they decided to take their break there, as only 15 meters further down the road there was a pick nick table.

Julie tried to dry the seat as good as possible with one towel, and put down another for her to sit on. She changed into a white summer dress with flowers on it. She decided not to put on new shoes or socks, as the car floor was still moist, and no panties; they would probably just get wet again through the towel. Now she could hike up her dress to prevent any other clothes from getting wet. Kathy just changed her white panties for a pink pair of clean panties, changed her socks and dried her legs. After lunch, during which their mom tried to comfort both girls (although Kathy was not really upset), they were ready to continue their journey.

*007*2012-11-01 20:58

First of all: thanks for all the feedback so far!

I am not writing the second part just yet, as I am rather busy at the moment, but it will probably happen like most of my stories at an unexpected moment when I feel like it. So it could be here next week or next month. All I can tell you for sure is it will be here sometime. Unless, of course, I die or lose my interest in omorashi. As the first option is more likely, I am not taking that into account for the moment.

*009*2012-12-11 23:26

As I said; I will finish this, I just don't know when exactly :)

Chapter two: Friday

After another 2-hour drive Julie, Kathy and their parents arrived at their grandparents, who had made sure all crucial work was done before the weekend. The girls’ mother collected her daughters’ wet clothes and the towel Julie had been sitting on. She greeted the waiting grandparents as she walked over to the house.

“Hi, nice to see you again! Er, could I just use the washing machine? The girls did not make it to the bathroom break.”

Julie blushed hearing this. She was still extremely embarrassed about her accident, and it was obvious she had been crying. Still barefooted and not wearing any panties beneath her dress, she quickly walked passed her grandparents looking at the ground to take a shower, too shy to say anything. Her younger sister was still used to having an occasional accident and was not embarrassed at all. She was even more or less proud she had outlasted her older sister and had even made it out of the car.

When Julie got back, her stuff was already in the sisters’ shared bedroom. They both had a one-person bed for weekends like this, protected with plastic because of their history. She got a pair of light blue knickers and brown flip-flops out of her bag and joined her family for lunch. As she went down the stairs, she heard Kathy proudly telling how she got her panties wet, while Julie had completely pissed herself. Her mom told Kathy to shush just before Julie entered the dining room. After the awkward silence that followed, lunch was filled with small talk. After lunch Julie still felt a bit awkward, and as her mother was getting the laundry to dry, Julie went out to make a walk through the woods, as she liked to do when she wanted to be alone.

After about an hour of walking through the woods, Julie noticed her bladder was filling up again from the orange juice and soda she drank during lunch. She decided to walk on, as it was not that bad. Her mind began wandering and she slowly walked ahead. About an hour later Julie realized she should get back, or her family would get worried. She regretted the decision to walk this far; the woods next to the farm were very big. It would take at least one hour to get back to the house if she walked back in a straight line. Meanwhile, her bladder was starting to fill up to its maximum. She started to walk faster. Even though these woods were deserted except for her grandparents and their guests, she was terrified if someone would find her relieving herself. She had to get back to the farm.

After 15 minutes of walking as fast as she could without running, Julie had to slow her pace. The combination of her full bladder and the thought of not having a toilet within a few miles radius made her need to pee bigger and bigger, and walking that fast made it even worse. Every time Julie had to pee in a difficult situation, she could not take her mind off it. This time was no different, and the constant thought of relieving herself made it so that, 10 minutes after slowing her pace, Julie was holding herself through her dress.

She had to keep her legs as close to each other as possible, slowing her pace even further. Taking mini steps, it took her another 10 minutes to arrive at her grandfathers’ corn field, which was next to Julie’s path through the woods. At this time of year, the corn just reached Julie’s shoulders. Because of this she could now see the farm in the far distance. The mere thought of the farm being in sight increased her need further. Julie had to stop for a moment to hold back a wave of desperation.

“That was close” Julie thought, after she just managed to keep it all in. She debated it for a moment, but now she was sure she could not make it back if she did not take a shortcut through the corn. She was forbidden to go there, because 6 years ago she, Kathy and some cousins had cleared a few meters of that very field to make a fort from the fallen branches in the woods. While harvesting, her grandfather did not notice the fort and some of the thicker branches got stuck in one of his machines which then broke down. She had no choice now, however, if she wanted to reach the toilet, and she was pretty sure she was not going to make a fort.

After 10 minutes of walking slowly through the field, slightly bend over, careful not to lose control, Julie felt another big wave hit. It came out of nowhere and she was taken by surprise; she felt a spurt escaping through her urethra, and she felt her panties getting warm before she felt a little wetness on the hand she still had between her legs. When she was sure she was in control again, Julie carefully removed her hand to check the damage; there was a 4cm sized wet, see-through spot on her white dress. She crossed her legs and lifted her dress to check underneath; a small dark blue was visible where her otherwise light blue panties disappeared between her legs. Watching the wetness from her small leak had only made matters worse, and Julie felt another small dribble escape her bladder. “This is it” she thought, “I have to pee here or I’m not going to make it.”

As she felt the second leak warming the area between her legs again, Julie quickly squatted while pulling her panties down and hiking her dress up. Finally, she could relax her bladder muscles, and from between her legs she heard her hissing start, now not obstructed by her clothes. Just before her stream started full speed however, Julie heard a sound of someone walking through the field. She panicked; her stream was already loudly hitting the ground but she managed to stop it for a few seconds. She listened carefully; she now clearly heard someone running through the corn.

As no one should be there, Julie immediately thought the worst; if some creepy guy would find her there, there would be no one to help her. As her flow had stopped, she pulled her panties back, got up and let her dress fall down. As she did, a small trickle started again without Julie noticing. She looked around, and to her relief she saw a familiar head just sticking out above the corn; Kathy’s. “Hey sis!” she yelled from about 20 meters away, “Mom was worried about you, so I went to search for you”

Now, with her mind at ease, however, Julie felt a slow stream dribbling on her right leg down to her foot. She quickly bent over again and put her legs together to stop it, but it was no use; the seal was broken. The dribble increased to a constant stream, expanding the wetness in her panties to the front. As she looked down, Julie saw a trickle wetting her summer dress and she quickly stood up straight and hiked up her dress. She put her feet almost a meter apart and looked down at what she was doing; she was now peeing, full force, straight through her panties! She felt the wetness between her legs expanding to her butt and saw a thick stream falling from between her legs; small trickles were emerging on the insides of her legs, eventually making puddles around her flip flops.

“I’ll come right over!” Julie yelled to Kathy, hoping she would not notice her big sister was wetting herself for the second time today. Julie squatted down again, pretending to do something. Luckily it worked; Kathy did not come any closer and waited for Julie. As the last of her stream died down, Julie carefully stepped out of the soil that had now become mud from her pee. She was ashamed of her accident; it could have been prevented, she did not have to pull her panties back. If her sister had only arrived a minute later… She barely managed to hold back her tears.

Before standing up Julie inspected the result; half of her panties were now dark blue and stuck to her butt. She could faintly see her privates through them. On the front of her white dress there was a big wet, see-through stain from her crotch down to the hem. She had to hope Kathy would not notice until they were out of the corn field. Maybe it would dry enough to not be visibly wet anymore by the time they got to the farm.

Julie managed to stay a little behind Kathy, always making sure there was enough corn between Kathy’s eyesight and her dress. Just before emerging from the immense corn field, Julie saw her dress had dried up nicely; it was not see through anymore and there was only a faint yellow glow left, probably not noticeable from distance. As they got out of the field, Kathy ran over to her parents and grandparents, who were relaxing in the yard, to tell them she had found her sister. Julie took this chance to sneak inside and get a chance of clothes; she hid her dress and panties in her bag and changed into a pair of blue jeans and a black shirt with black matching underwear. The only way to explain a change of clothes was anticipating on the weather getting colder towards the evening, she thought, even though it was still hot outside.

Just as Julie was putting her shirt on, Kathy came in. She just walked over to her stuff, let her panties fall on the floor and put on a new pair of white panties. Julie noticed her little sister’s pink panties were soaked.

“Had an accident?” Julie asked.

“Yeah, I really had to go when I was searching for you and it just started coming out. Only my panties got wet though, so I figured I could just keep them on, but mom noticed and sent me to change. Why are you changing?”

“Well, it will start getting colder in a while, so I thought I would change in something a little bit warmer” Julie said.

The rest of the day the girls just chilled, played with some farm animals and kept their panties dry. At eleven o’ clock the girls went to bed. As it was a hot night, they both did not use a pajama and wore nothing but their panties.

After 10 minutes of laying in bed, Kathy suddenly said “I’ve found your clothes, you know.” Julie was suddenly wide awake. “So?” she said startled, hoping in vain Kathy would not have noticed.

“You wet yourself again, and you tried to hide it” Kathy said. “Don’t tell anyone!” Julie said sternly.

“Why wouldn’t I?” said Kathy.

“I won’t tell if you have an accident and try to hide it” Julie said.

“I don’t care about that” Kathy said.

“Ehm, what do you want?” said Julie, insecure of what she could offer Kathy.

“I don’t know… I get one favor, one thing you will do for me, no questions asked?”

“Well… alright, but nothing too bad!”

After that, the girls stopped talking and went to sleep.

Julie dreamed about what happened that day, and after that she went back in time to one of her accidents in her first year of high school; after P.E. she had to run to the bathroom, but there were 2 girls in front of her. She begged to go first, but the other girls were desperate too. She managed to hold on until it was her turn, but when she went inside she was pushed aside by another girl who ran inside instead of her. Leaning against the wall she was pushed against she felt herself lose control. Her panties and pants got warmer and warmer and in no-time a stream was flowing down her legs. Suddenly Julie woke up, alarmed by the clear hissing sound she heard. Her bladder was achingly full and she immediately felt her panties: they were still dry. The hissing that woke her up came from the other side of the room; Kathy was wetting full speed on the plastic mattress cover.

Julie almost started peeing from the sound; she shot up and got out of bed. A spurt escaped as she started to run towards the toilet. Pee already dribbled down her legs as she opened the door. When she closed the door her floodgates opened; she exploded into her panties and ran past the shower and reached the toilet bowl; she first had to lower the seat, pee gushing through her panties. She set herself down on the toilet, not bothering to pull her panties down; she peed as hard as she ever did straight through her panties into the toilet. As her flow started to slow down after a little more than half a minute, her pee trickled down to her butt, soaking the back of her panties.

After she finished her pee, she noticed the trail she left behind; from the bathroom door to the toilet her trail changed from a few drops to a big puddle just in front of the toilet. She cleaned the floor with the towel she had already used that day, washed it out and hung it to dry. All the while, her legs were still clingy from the dried up pee and her panties were still dripping wet, every once in a while sending a drop of pee down her legs.

Luckily her panties were black; except for the drops of pee they released with every step, they were not visibly wet. Julie decided to take a short shower to wash the pee out, with panties still on. She tried to dry her panties as well as possible before crawling back in bed. Coming back out of the bathroom, she noticed there were also drops of her pee on the carpet in the hall; she just hoped no one would notice and went back to bed in her cold, wet panties. The room smelled strongly of urine, from Kathy who had completely wet the bed and had apparently not even woken up. Walking past Kathy’s bed Julie even stepped in a large wet patch in the carpet; Kathy’s bed had overflowed and the floor was now soaked too. Julie then tried to go to sleep in her cold panties and the smell of her sister’s urine, but did not manage; only early in the morning she fell asleep.

Kathy, on the other hand, awoke just a little after that moment in her cold puddle of urine. Off course, she alerted her mother and only one hour after she fell asleep Julie was awoken by the changing of her sister’s bed. Her panties were still a bit damp, as were the sheets where she laid, but nothing noticeable. Julie could get away with this, but was very embarrassed now; today, she had to carefully plan her bathroom visits. She had wet herself twice during the day and last night she almost wet her bed. A few years had passed since her wetting problem finally vanished; she finally could go out with friends and have sleepovers knowing she would wake up dry since then, and she did not want that to go away again.

*018*2013-01-31 09:31

Probably not within the next 2 weeks. But it will continue :)

*023*2013-02-28 18:09

There is going to be a next chapter. I wrote the beginning about a month ago. Pretty productive, eh? :P

