An oral history of the time Rylee Richmond wet her pants in Ms. Tinsley's class

Author: TrailRunner

*000*2021-11-16 17:33

Erin Scollan (classmate): It was a Wednesday afternoon, 8th period, near the end of the day. I sit next to Rylee in Government & Politics so we always got paired up for group projects and stuff in that class. We don't, like, hang out after school or anything but we talk before class starts. But that day she got in just before the bell rang.

Becca Thomas (classmate and friend): We tried to get in the same classes this year but there was enough interest that they split it into two, and I'm in the third period class. So I was able to give her a heads up that Ms. Tinsley was giving a quiz that day. Her quizzes aren't open-book but you are allowed to use the pocket Constitution she gave out on the first day as a reference.

Ashley Craft (classmate and friend): Me and Rylee usually walk over from the B-wing where we're in English together to the A-wing because I have Spanish in the classroom next door. We were like halfway there when she had to turn back and go to her locker.

Becca: Ms. Tinsley won't let you go to your locker if you forgot to bring it. That's why I made sure to tell her there was a quiz.

Ashley: I knew she had to pee during English class but we had a substitute teacher and they aren't allowed to write hall passes anymore since people used to take advantage of subs and just ask for them and go the library to watch YouTube or whatever all period.

Mrs. Preller (substitute teacher): It's a pretty new rule at that school, I think, but I don't sub there very often. It was written out in the instructions for me, though, everyone was supposed to read a few chapters and write a two-paragraph mini-essay about the author's use of foreshadowing. And it said right at the top: no hall passes. Of course a bunch of students tried to ask all day long even though eventually I wrote it on the whiteboard.

Ashley: Rylee asked twice to go during English, once at the beginning and then again after she handed in her write-up. I think she explained that she had to go pretty bad but there were only like eight minutes left by then anyway. Plus Dave Koenig asked like five times but he obviously just wanted to go down to the guidance office where his girlfriend works during her study hall period. So the sub was getting really annoyed with people asking. Anyway, me and Rylee were going to go use the A-wing bathrooms but she had to turn back since her locker is in B so I just figured she'd use those.

Patrick McKinstry (classmate): B-wing was a total shitshow. First of all the leak from the water fountain's still not fixed so like half the hallway is closed off with towels down and that fan going, probably just blowing all that mold up into our faces but whatever. The soccer team had a game against Central so we were all allowed to skip 8th and 9th period to go and get ready. And as I'm going there these two freshman fighting and they just go SLAMMING into a locker. I have no idea how it started but they were going crazy so of course the teachers nearby rush out to see what's going on.

Mr. Inglewood (principal): We've gotten no reports of mold in the school, and we would take any such report very seriously.

Becca: I was coming out of the bathroom right as I saw the woodshop teacher, Mr. Kohler, pick one of them up and literally carry him away. Another teacher got the other one and then a few were blocking the way because, like, if there's blood or something we can't just walk right through it. I saw Rylee pushing her way through to get to her locker, which she finally did. Then I saw her coming back trying to get by to the bathroom, but the teachers were directing everyone away from that area which took forever because of the water fountain.

Erin: I could definitely tell something was wrong as soon as she sat down because she doesn't really have resting bitch face or anything so like it was pretty clear it was something. There wasn't even time to ask before class started though.

Ashley: Even with going to her locker and not being to get to the bathrooms before 8th period I would've thought Rylee would've been fine. Some of our field hockey games are pretty far away and it's just regular school buses so there's no toilets on there. There have been some close calls with that but never with Rylee.

Mackenzie Everett (senior and field hockey captain): I've been on the team for four years and every year there's been at least one time where someone gets stuck on the bus needing to pee super bad. I just roll my eyes every time. It's like, come on.

Anonymous (field hockey teammate): I know for a fact Mackenzie Everett has wet herself on the field hockey bus. She was the only freshman to make varsity so she thinks none of us know but [redacted] was on the team then and she told me. She was like a row over and saw Mackenzie grabbing herself the entire bus ride back to school after a game. When they got back to school and she stood up, [redacted] saw that that Mackenzie's seat was wet. She like sprinted off the bus to the locker room but she definitely had already peed in her uniform a little bit. You totally can't use my name or [redacted]'s either, she'd kill me.

Erin: So anyway Ms. Tinsley was passing out the quizzes and this one was three pages. Sometimes they're just like ten question multiple choice but this one also had a fill-in section and then a short essay. As soon as Rylee got her's she raised her hand, and Ms. Tinsley came over. Rylee asked if she could go and use the bathroom before she started but Ms. Tinsley told her she'd have to wait until after. That's when I first saw how bad it must have been because she looked really distressed and crossed her legs super tight.

Becca: It was a pretty hard quiz. Ms. Tinsley gave us like 30 minutes for it and it took me almost the whole time. And when we started going over it even Lara Hampton had gotten some wrong and she gets 100% on, like, every test and quiz.

Jenna Frye: I sit right behind Rylee and it was getting really distracting. She kept shifting back and forth in her seat and then tapping her foot up and down. I was trying to concentrate on the quiz and she was just like all over the place and then by the end I'm pretty sure she was whispering to herself. I didn't know what was going on until Ms. Tinsley called time.

Erin: She called "pencils down" and we all passed our quizzes to the front and Rylee's hand went up again. She asked "can I have a pass to go to the bathroom?" and Ms. Tinsley was like, "we're just going to go over the quiz real quick, I'll write you a pass after we're done." Rylee's hand stayed up and she was like "please? We had a sub last period so I wasn't able to then!" Ms. Tinsley told her she should have gone between classes, then.

Jenna: That's when I started wondering, like, was she going to be okay? She obviously had to pee SUPER bad by how she was squirming in her seat and the way we go over quizzes in that class takes a while. I still never thought that Rylee would... you know.

Erin: I guess I knew she really had to pee but I was more paying attention to the quiz discussion.

Jenna: I could only see her back but I could tell she was holding herself. She kept lifting herself off her seat and re-adjusting her jeans. Then she raised her hand and kinda waved it around to get Ms. Tinsley's attention, but she just kind of gave Rylee a look and she put her hand down. I guess she was too shy to admit that she was literally about to pee her pants.

Erin: Once we were going over the essay section is when I really started to notice Rylee looking down a lot. She was chewing on her bottom lip and looking really nervous.

Jenna: I'm pretty sure I heard her curse under her breath when Ms. Tinsley was like "okay, Rylee, tell us what you put down for the essay and then I'll write you a pass."

Brendan Jastremski (classmate): She couldn't even really talk in coherent sentences. She somehow started talking about the amendments even though the essay was asking about checks and balances. She kept restarting but couldn't ever get a train of thought. I sit a few rows over so I didn't know how bad it was until then. I looked over and she was like really pale and then her face turned red.

Erin: Ms. Tinsley was trying to guide her through it and asking really basic stuff about the three branches. I think Rylee could tell everyone was like aware of it all and that made it even harder for her to think straight. I looked over and she was sitting so stiffly upright, like any movement was going to make her pee.

Jenna: She never gave a good answer but finally Ms. Tinsley was just like "okay, come up here and I'll write you a pass." I expected Rylee to like run up there but she just sat there. Ms. Tinsley said it again and as soon as Rylee stood up I saw there was a little wet spot between her legs in the back. It wasn't bit but like the contrast of the wet fabric was really easy to see.

Erin: She walked really awkwardly up to Ms. Tinsley's desk and had to lean on it. Her legs were so jittery it was like impossible to ignore so I was watching as the stain started getting bigger and bigger.

Jenna: Obviously like the whole class could tell at this point and everyone started laughing and whispering to each other, which made Ms. Tinsley be like "quiet please!" but then she looked up and I guess she could see that Rylee was peeing her pants because she just ripped the pass out of her booklet right away and gave it to her.

Erin: By the time she finally got the pass she had peed, like, a lot. All down the back of both of her thighs was wet up above her knees.

Brendan: I couldn't believe it. Nobody had done that in class since Katie McGinnis in like 3rd grade. Rylee sprint-walked out the door and everyone was just looking at each other like "did that really just happen?"

