Braixen’s panty predicament

Author: tfarmjr

*000*2025-12-23 06:38

Braixen hiked up her fur skirt and stared at her reflection in the mirror. She looked at her crotch area, which was sporting a pair of dark red panties, and twisted her body a little to get more angles of how the underwear looked on her. She smiled in satisfaction as she dropped her skirt and straightened it out. She then turned around and exited the small changing room, reuniting with her trainer. Her trainer was leaning up against the wall, staring at his Rotom phone. When he heard the door open and looked up to see his Braixen.

“So… Do they fit okay?”

Braixen nodded excitedly.

“Okay great. Let’s pay for them and then get out of here. I’m starving.”

“Braixen!” She replied excitedly.

Braixen followed her trainer to the cash register. Even during this short walk she could feel the difference of wearing panties already. The panties rubbing against her fur made her a little uncomfortable but she continued onward figuring that she would get used to the feeling. Her trainer put the 8-pack of small-sized red panties on the counter. The cashier scanned the item while giving him a weird look before noticing the Braixen behind him, she then shrugged and said the total amount of money for the panties. Her trainer pulled out the money from his wallet and paid while the cashier put the panties in a bag and handed it over to her trainer. Braixen and her trainer walked out the store into the mall. They then walked towards the food court and on the way there Braixen felt a small twinge in her tummy which made her freeze for a second. Her trainer noticed and chuckled a little as he assumed it was her getting used to underwear.

“So do you feel fine walking with them on?” Braixen nodded and said a quick “brai” in response.

“Good, I’m glad they’re comfortable on you. I don’t really know why you wanted to wear underwear so suddenly but if it makes you happy.” Braixen shrugged implying she didn’t know why either, but she was lying.

When they got to the food court they decided to get Burger Kingambit. Braixen got a large lemonade with her meal. When they got their food and sat down she began taking big gulps of her lemonade. The cold refreshing drink sliding down her parched throat made it feel like this was the first thing she had drunk after days of dehydration. In the middle of her slurping she felt a sudden urge to go to the bathroom, which made her body tense up a little as she stopped her drinking to assess the situation. Her trainer took notice of her sudden change in demeanor.

“You okay, Braixen?” Her trainer asked with his burger close to his mouth as he was about to take a bite.

Braixen gave her trainer a nervous nod and some reassuring “Braixen’s”. Her trainer was skeptical at first and looked at her with a raised eyebrow, but ultimately chalked her strange behavior up to her new underwear, which was partly true. She rubbed her thighs together and felt the panties push on her womanhood. It was a strange new feeling but not strange bad, more like strange unfamiliar. She wanted to feel more feminine and if this was what she had to get used to then so be it. She got back to eating her meal and sipping on her lemonade. Even though more liquids was probably a bad idea.

They both finished their meal and started walking around the mall going in and out of shops, mostly window shopping. During which Braixen’s bladder kept sending her waves of desperation of increasing intensity. The lemonade was catching up to her. At first it was small things to alleviate the pressure like rubbing her thighs together or bouncing a little, but as her bladder filled and her need to pee increased she started crossing her legs and throwing a paw or two in between them when she thought no one was looking. The crowded mall didn’t help with her struggle.

Having to weave and dodge through crowds of people at times. While walking to their next store she nervously rubbed her arm with her paw as her eyes darted around looking for any sign of a bathroom. She began wondering to herself if she’d be able to make it in time or if she’d be able to find a restroom at all. The thought put a knot in her stomach. Her thoughts darkened as visions of wet fur and soaked panties while onlookers gasped in surprise and amusement filled her head.

“Braixen, you coming?” Her trainer called out to her. Her spiraling was cut short as her trainer had noticed her pace slow to a crawl as she was lost in thought. She looked ahead to see her trainer about 10 ft in front of her with a concerned look on his face. Braixen wanted to continue to keep up appearances due to shyness so she smiled and lightly jogged towards her trainer. But her bladder protested violently against the new movement and in her jog she accidentally lost control and let a spurt of pee loose.

Normally whenever she leaked it would mostly go towards the ground and maybe some got on her inner thighs. This wouldn’t affect her too badly but due to wearing panties for the first time the unfamiliar sensation of her pee getting absorbed by the underwear threw her off so much that she jammed both her paws into herself, slammed her thighs together and twisted her body, self preservation be damned, it felt like she was warring against three other people just to keep her liquids inside. But she fought through the pain “not here not now” she thought. Her trainer, noticing the obvious potty dance, rushed over and knelt down to confront her.

“Braixen, what’s wrong?” He asked concernedly, though he already had a pretty good idea of what could be the problem. Braixen regained control of her bladder and looked up at her trainer shyly. Her trainer gave her a concerned smile and asked.

“Do you need to pee?” Braixen feared that was what he was going to ask and she looked down to the ground and shook her head yes.

“Ok, I saw a bathroom sign up ahead. Do you think you can hold it for just a little longer?” The idea of relief made Braixen feel a little better about her predicament. She looked her trainer in the eyes and nodded yes with a somewhat confident expression.

“Great, I’m sorry I didn’t notice sooner but you’ll be able to go real soon.” His words of encouragement made Braixen feel a little better. Her trainer got up from the position and grabbed one of Braixen’s paws. The free paw was firmly placed between her legs, assisting with holding back the dam. She looked around to see some people and Pokémon staring at her and her trainer. It felt like there were hundreds of eyes all looking at her and what little whispers she heard became overwhelming screams in her ears. She closed her eyes tight and pushed her paw deeper into her legs in response to the nervousness. After a short walk they were going down the hallway to the bathroom. The fluorescent lights buzzed overhead, echoing their hurried footsteps in the near-empty corridor, making Braixen feel a little nervous. The leak, now cold and wet, made Braixen shiver and she let out a small whine.

“I know girl, we’re almost there.” They rounded the corner and Braixen’s ears flattened and tail stopped mid sway as she saw the one thing she hoped she wouldn’t see. Outside of the door to the Pokémon only bathroom was a yellow sign which read cleaning in progress. Braixen’s eyes widened in disbelief as her bladder sent another strong sensation of release. She doubled over and squeezed her paws tightly into her crotch. Her legs shook and eyes watered as her face contorted into a wince. She was at the end of her rope and this denial only made her need to pee worse. Her trainer noticed this last stand and panicked not really knowing what to say or do.

“It’s okay Braixen there’s bound to be another bathroom nearby. You just have to hold on a little longer, okay?” Her trainer’s words weren’t processed or even heard by the desperate Braixen as she was too in her own head. Thoughts of her letting go all over the tiled floor and her trainer’s angry face as she peed herself consumed her mind. It’s all her mind could think of, not a thought went into trying to solve her problem, just the worst outcome and how ashamed she’d be when it happened.

She was frozen in fear and desperation staring at the tiled ground as her trainer attempted to console her but all she wanted to do was cry. But before she could the door to the bathroom swung open and out came a janitor wheeling a cleaning cart and alongside him was a Wartortle. The Wartortle picked up the yellow sign and put it with the cleaning supplies on the cart. The janitor walked past the Braixen and her trainer as the Wartortle gave them a polite wave and smile.

“Bathroom is all clean and good to go.” Blissfully unaware of what was just transpiring before he came out of the bathroom. Braixen and her trainer could only stare at him in silence as they were totally starstruck by the janitor’s appearance. As the janitor walked off Braixen’s legs began to move on their own as she dashed into the bathroom. She took the first available stall and fumbled with the lock. When it finally clicked she turned around to see her saving grace. The toilet lit up in her eyes as if it was enveloped by holy light. She instinctively took a few steps forward preparing to turn around and sit but a hot spurt of pee made her remember she was wearing her panties.

She sighed as now she would have to wait just that bit longer before she could get her relief but didn’t want to wet her panties. She hopped from foot to foot as she reached under her fur skirt and gave the panties a tug down. But the panties didn’t budge and stayed firmly attached to her. Braixen panicked as she kept trying to desperately take off her panties. She slowly began to lose her tight hold on her bladder as small spurts leaked and were absorbed by the panties. Braixen eyes welled up as she tried to keep what little hold she had on her pee as she continued to paw at the panties which the elastic material only rolled up on the sides in response to her attempt at taking them off.

The spurts now turned into a small dribble which her flooded panties could no longer hold as her pee began to run down her leg and soak through. the sounds of droplets hitting the floor slowly turned into water hitting water as her pee accumulated in a small puddle on the floor. Braixen could no longer deny it, she was peeing herself, she was peeing herself right in front of the toilet all due to these damned panties. After a few more seconds of fumbling she couldn’t take it anymore as she cut her losses and sat on the toilet face forward and after so long of waiting finally released her hold on her bladder.

Euphoria, nothing but euphoria was all Braixen felt as the sound of her stream hitting the water echoed throughout the empty bathroom. Her crotch now blossomed with warmth as she fully let loose into her panties. She sat there dazed after having held her pee for so long. It almost stung a little as she let it flow out of her body and her butt began to feel a little wet as her pee spread throughout her panties, but she couldn’t care less as she simply wanted to just enjoy the relief she felt. She sat on the toilet for a good minute as she peed, huffing and puffing as she was exhausted from holding it in for so long. Eventually her stream slowed down and became a tinkle and then just drips.

As her stream stopped, so did the high of relief too. Braixen slowly opened her eyes and looked behind her to see the small puddle of pee she had made while trying to take off her panties. She then looked down into the toilet bowl and from what little ray of light made it escape into the bowl she could see her panties dripping. She then looked up at the wall in front of her and stared as tears welled up in her eyes. She couldn’t hold it back anymore and began wailing into her paws. She didn’t want this, all she wanted was to feel more confident and feminine like Delphox and Gardevoir said she would feel. Their words echoed in her mind as she replayed the memory again.

One day at the daycare she caught the two giggling to each other dresses raised, curious, she asked what they were doing and they showed her their panties. Gardevoir’s were green with white stripes and Delphox’s were all white with a red bow at the front. They convinced her that she should also wear panties as it had improved their moods. Braixen was utterly convinced by the older ’mons and once she got home she grabbed one of her stashed Victini’s Secret catalogs and used it to convey these feelings to her trainer.

But now her crotch and butt were just wet, sticky and cold. She couldn’t help but blame herself for this mess and that thought made her sob even harder. Eventually she calmed down and built up the courage to walk out of the stall. She peeked her head out of the stall door and looked around. Thankfully during the time she was in the bathroom no other Pokémon had come in and she breathed a sigh of relief as she was saved from some embarrassment. She exited the stall and walked to the door. During this short walk she felt the wet fabric rubbing against her and she grimaced at the uncomfortable and unfamiliar feeling. Walking out the bathroom she saw her trainer patiently waiting for her.

“Did you make it?” Braixen felt a well of feelings spring up as now she felt the embarrassment and shame of confronting her trainer. Her eyes welled up as she shook her head no and lifted her fur skirt to show her trainer the damage. Her trainer knelt down to look at the panties. The dark red panties were soaked and now had a visible darker area compared to the rest of the panties and there were droplets running down Braixen’s dark thighs. Looking a little closer he could even see the outline of her pussy which once he noticed what it was he immediately looked away as neither he nor Braixen wanted him to see that. He then stared at Braixen in the eyes as the brief eye contact made her start crying again. Her trainer immediately started to try and calm her down.

“Hey don’t cry, I’m not mad it’s just an accident everyone has accidents.” He then pulled Braixen in for a hug as she cried into his chest.

“I’m sorry. It’s not your fault I should’ve known you wouldn’t have been able to take those panties off.” He began petting her head.

“Do you want to get out of those wet panties?” Braixen looked up at her trainer and nodded.

“Okay.” He said with a sincere smile as he then picked her up and took her to the men’s restroom. As it was the only restroom Braixen and he were technically allowed in. Thankfully it was empty and they entered the stall as her trainer set her down on the toilet and locked it.

“Okay let’s get you out of those wet clothes.” Braixen hopped down from the toilet and lifted her skirt as her trainer grabbed the sides of the panties and pulled them down. More trickles slid down Braixen thighs as her trainer looked to the side so as to not see her private parts. She then stepped out of the panties and her trainer threw them in the small trash bin in the stall.

“Okay you clean yourself. Don’t worry I won’t look.” He then turned around and faced the stall door. Braixen unrolled the toilet paper and began to wipe in between her legs and her inner thighs. While wiping she pondered on the fact that she was doing this in the company of her trainer which made her feel awkward but not a bad awkward, but a weird new type of awkward. She actually wouldn’t have minded if her trainer watched her wipe herself, in fact she almost wanted him to watch. She also noticed she felt the same way when he was looking at her panties and seemed to stare a tad longer than someone should have. But as she finished wiping she shook those weird thoughts away as she didn’t really know what these thoughts were or how to even unpack them. She then flushed the toilet paper down the toilet and her and her trainer exited the bathroom. While walking back through the hallway her trainer spoke up.

“I’m sorry about your underwear, I know you were excited about them. But hey I’ll make it up to you with some Poké Puffs. How does that sound?” Braixen gave her trainer a smile and an excited “Braixen, Braixen!” as they made their way back to the main mall.

