Tales of Wet Horror: Prologue

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-07-08 11:11

Tales of Wet Horror

Description of the girls

Liz:

The mature one of the group. Around 5"4, usually the supporting member of the group. Is quite attractive but is usually wearing glasses and a ponytail, causing guys to believe she is too serious to date. She has yet to realise this. Right now she's wearing a pink shirt, with khaki shorts, along with Purple panties and a purple bra. She has C breasts and a nice ass. Can't handle her alchol, she's usually quiet but with friends she can be quite daring.

Robin:

The most attractive one of the group. She's 5"6 and has an amazing figure due to the fact she's a cheerleader. Double D breasts which she claims act as a counterweight when cheer leading and is quite caring. She has tanned skin, due to her father being black and her mother being white. She's currently wearing a white V neck shirt, casually stolen from her boyfriend, A red loose skirt and red panties to go along with it. She's not wearing a bra. (SLU- Shush.)

Cassie:

The cute one of the group. She has a bubbly and cheerful personality but can often say the wrong thing at the wrong time. Doesn't really take anything or anyone seriously. She is 5"7, the tallest member of the group, and has D breasts. She's currently wearing a black shirt with a large skull on it, stolen from an ex. She intends to burn it at the end of the night. And is wearing jeans. Underneath she is wearing a black thong with a black bra to match. Probably a lesbian.

Jessica:

The shy and quiet one of the group. Bookish and dosen't really say much, she's the only virgin in the group(Which is why the others refer to her as "The innocent one") and considers the girls here, her only friends. She hasn't noticed that she's actually quite attractive, and if asked out presumes it's a joke. It's often not. She has C breasts which are hidden under a lose blue shirt and she's wearing some black jeans. Underneath she's wearing white cotten panties, with snoopy on the front. She's wearing a white bra to match.

Kim:

The meanest of the group. She comes from a high class family and is quite snobbish. She actually cares alot for her friends but dosn't show it. She doesn't like to make a fool of herself. She will usually try to convince the others that they are more attractive than they thing they are (Especially Jessica) and often tries to set them up with her boyfriends friends. She is wearing a black sleevless shirt, and tight spandex pants. Underneath she is wearing black panties and a bra to match.

Prologue

"Crap! Crap!" Liz shrieked as urine began to make a large wet patch on her khaki shorts and drip onto the ground. It started form a puddle in the wet soggy grass and seperate going towards the other 4 girls sat around the camp fire. They all watched in shock as their friend, the oldest and most mature of the group, was wetting her pants like a little girl. Though they had knownledge at the back of their mind that they had all done the very same thing quite recently.

"Oh my god I am so embarressed" Liz moaned. "It's all the alchaol that does this to me, whenever I drink I always end up wetting myself!"

She put her head in her hands and began to sob.The others looked at each other for a few seconds before starting to move around her to comfort her.

"It's fine, It's fine. Everybody wets themself from time to time, it's normal and happends all the time." Robin said, trying to cheer her up. The others sat around gawking at her soaked shorts, all thinking back to all the times they haden't made it or drank to much or...other occasions. Liz sat up again and looked Robin in the eyes.

"Really? Even you?" She sniffed.

"Especielly me." Robin grinned. "Mine was even really recently. Seriously like last week."

"OOOOOH! Tell us!" Cassie yelled out. "Give us the details. We gotta know now."

"Seriously. I'm trying to comfort Liz." Robin said back, giving her a stare that could melt butter.

"So you didn't really piss yourself?" Liz asked glumly.

Robin sighed. "No. I did. And yes. It was last week, but I'll only tell if you all agree to tell about the last time you pissed yourselves"

"Sure. Why not?" Cassie agreed.

"As long as I go last" Jessic nervously added.

"No! No way in hell!" Kim yelled out.

"C'mon don't be such an ass!" She now moved her glare butter melting stare to Kim.

"That won't work on me, There is nothing you can do to make me tell about how I-

"Do it or you have to wear my wet pants." Liz suddenly chimed in.

"...Okay. I'll tell." Kim agreed. "But Robin's gotta go first."

"Sure. Mines a good story anyway." She said with a large grin upon her face. "I do warn you though, it's not exactly, the most pleasent story."

"Neither is mine, tell us anyway!" Cassie yelled out.

"First things first. Let's get you some new pants." She said to Liz.

"No. I'm good. I'll sit here in my underwear. I wanna hear how you ended up wetting your pants." Liz replied, now with slight giggle.

She suddenly stood and removed her pants, showing her purple underwear. It had a large wet patch on her ass which was still dripping.Cassie suddenly reached up and grabbed her ass.

"Hey!" Liz yelped.

"I like a wet girl." Cassie winked.

"Lemme tell my story." Robin interuptted her. "It all began"

To be continued.

Check out part 1 when it's relesed. SHould be out tommorow or maybe the next day.

*004*2013-07-08 18:32

{{: 

Great start, please continue this. I'm looking forward to read the other girls' stories and also why Liz wet herself. Also, all this pee-talk might influence the girls bladders... just a suggestion.

}}

Oh, I'm gonna be really evil with the ending.

And Writeandleft. The reason for the shopping list as you called it, is that I had it written anyway as notes, when I copied and pasted it from OpenOffice, I failed to notice it. Because I am idiot. (Thats the reason it says (Slu-Shush), It's a thing I do when writing.)

*006*2013-07-08 19:59

{{: 

Ahh, I see. I think Scrivener is great because I can keep notes and story separate. When I print I can print only story, or story and notes. At least it's well enough written, that I don't get confused by skipping the notes.

Looking forward to the rest of your Canterbury Tales of Wetting.

}}

I'm writing part 2 right now. In the writing mood heh . I have no idea what Canterbury Tales is, care to fill me in?

*009*2013-07-09 09:00

The next part is up.

There we go.

%https://omorashi.org/topic/15499-tales-of-wet-horror-chapter-1-dont-go-into-the-englund-house/

