The Wish, A multi part Omo Story

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2014-03-03 19:55

Before we start I'd just like to get one thing out of the way; I regret none of this. I had a blast, and however it's turned out (and it has turned out badly) I've never been happier. That being said, being chased down the street by a bunch of furious girls. Not the best way it could have ended. It could have ended in my own personal harem! Hell, I would have settled for a friend with benefits. Hold on a second. Lemme rewind to the beginning.

The Wish

Chapter 1

I sit up in bed. I know what you're thinking “Oh he's pissed the bed”. Well you're wrong. I haven't. I've got complete control over my bladder. What's actually wrong with me, is that I am so BORED. Nothing entertains me anymore, I've got NOTHING to look forward too. I get up, go to school, come home, eat dinner, sleep. A continuous cycle of this would weight heavy on anyone's mind, but with me. I was prepared to put a shotgun in my mouth and pull a Kurt Cobain!

Where was I? Oh yeah. I sat up in bed and rubbed my eyes. Usually a teenager such as myself would be stoked to have their parents out of town for the week. Muscle destroying masturbation marathons and smoking pot with friends would have been the highlight of the year for anyone else. But for me? Nothing. I stand and walks downstairs, eat my breakfast, take a piss, get on my bike and pedal to school.

I arrive at the school gates and a brown haired girl waves at me and runs over.

“Heya!” She yells. I sigh, This is Bethany. She's my “Best friend”. I put this in quoting marks because she thinks I'm her friend and she considers me her best. But I really just stick around her because she's pretty fucking hot. 8/10 on the Silver Dong scale. She hugs me and I almost fall off my bike.

“Watch it!” I yell. Despite her short stature (5'6 if you wanna get picky) She's actually quite strong. According to some of the basketball club she gives a mean han- I'm getting distracted again. She has decent sized breasts and an ass that could knock you out of this world. No I haven't had the pleasure of grabbing it but I'll get their eventually. Onto her personality. Now we're all aware of the cliché dumb cheerleader. If she was blonde, she would be that cliché. She's an idiot. Failing most of her classes and sarcasm going straight over her head, if she was a machine, she'd be a photocopier, constantly fucking up and annoying everyone.

The bell rings and we walk into home room. I sit on the back seat nearest to the window and stare out of it. This catches her attention.

“You okay?” She whispers. “Did your dog died?”

“Yes. The dog I bought yesterday died. Just....imploded” I reply, sarcastically.

“Oh god! That's horrible. What was it's name?” She says with her hands on her mouth.

“Beth, I don't even own a dog. I'm just...bored of everything,” I reply, back to staring out the window. “So bored it's depressing.”

“You could make a wish?” She suggests. I look at her with a raised eyebrow and a frown.

“Seriously? That's your best suggestion?”

“It works for me. I just close my eyes and wish for something to happen. That's how I passed Maths” Beth says this with a stupid ass grin and a finger wag. Eugh.

“Right then. So I'm just gonna close my eyes and....I dunno...wish that...erm..” My mind goes blank. I can't think of anything. “Gimmie something to wish for.”

“Like what?”

“Something funny.”

“ Ermm....how about....” She closes her eyes again and squeezes them shut. She's really trying to think. Don't pull a muscle there, hun. “Oh I've got it!”

“Let's hear it.”

“Well y'know Abby?” She asks.

“Yeah, the one sat right over there?” I point to a red headed girl. This could be Abby, I'm just guessing.

“Yeah that's her.” Lucky guess. “Well she's got this thing where she like...pees her pants when she's nervous.”

“Okay, where are you going with this?”

“Wish for someone you don't like to pee their pants! Right now. In class”

“That's.....not a bad idea. That could be amusing.” I look to my Ex girlfriend,Sarah currently sat two chairs to the right of me. She currently has blonde hair (It was brown when we dated), and is chatting to some guy to the right of her. I'd put her about a 2/10 on the Silver Dong scale but that's only because we dated. She's actually quite attractive, very pretty face and again. Quite the ass. I'm an ass man.

I close my eyes and whisper “I wish Sarah would piss her pants in front of everyone”

Me and Bethany look to her and wait. 40 seconds pass.

“It's not working.” I say,Disappointed.

“That's a shame. I'm sure someone will pee themselves in the near future.” Beth replies, looking very disappointed. Even more than me.

“I thought this was for amusement and not because we wanted to see someone piss themselves. I imagine there’s websites for that.”

A sudden yelp stops our conversation. We swing our heads around to look at Sarah as she stands with her hands to her crotch. She takes 2 steps towards the door before falling again it, giving us a full view of her panties. They already have a dark spot on the pink material. It starts growing and growing, spreading to the bottom of her mini skirt. From there it pools out onto the floor and spreads it's way towards us. Tears drop down from her eyes and she mumbles “I don't know what happened”

I look down at my crotch and see that I'm actually turned on by this. Everyone is distracted and doesn't notice when I adjust my pants, hiding my obvious hard on. Now that's dealt with, I touch Beth on the shoulder and she turns, bright red in the face. She looks down at my crotch and I get what's going on here. We both stand and sneak out the classroom at the opposite door.

As most of you guys will know, running with a boner is next to impossible, so I speed walk and she runs down the corridor. We arrive at the girl's bathroom. Beth runs straight in while I stop. It must have taken her a second to realise I wasn't with her because a hand suddenly stuck out of the door and dragged me in. Less than 3 seconds later and I'm in a cubicle with her.

“I guess I have some explaining to do, huh?”

“Yes. Yes you do.” I say, nodding.

End of Chapter 1

Remember kids, one comment makes Tyler a happy mofo.

*003*2014-03-03 21:31

I seem be known for my fear wetting stories. I have one planned for this series too.

And no. I don't intend to slaughter the whole cast for this one.

*004*2014-03-09 16:05

Here's chapter 2

Chapter 2

Oh you're back huh? When we last left off, my ex had just pissed herself by some wish I made, both me and Beth we're turned on and now I'm stood inside a cubicle with a her explaining just what the hell is happening.

“A couple of years ago, I was at the beach with my family. My mom, Dad and si-”

“Your hot sister?”

“You think she's hot?”

“I think most girls are hot. It's a curse really.” I shrug.

“Do you think I'm hot?” she says with a grin.

“Can we get back to the story?”

After a giggle she continues “So my sister and I, yes the hot one, were down at the beach and they had this pier thing and we were sat under it. We must've hung around there for hours before finally this happened: this college girl ran over, laughing with her friend. She said something about not caring any more and squatted. Before me and my sister could say anything, she started peeing. This is when I realised it was a major turn on. Watch the pee drop out of her brown bikini and pool in the sand was...mesmerizing. I really couldn't take it and I put my hand into my bikini and...y'know.”

“I know what?”

“You know.” I know what she means but it's way more fun this way.

“I don't know what. What did you do?”

“....I started masturbating over it. The college girl and her friend left, still laughing and my sister finally said asked what I was doing. I said I had an itch and just hoped she would believe it. She didn't. I admitted flat out that it was a huge turn on. My sister understood and told me that I should try peeing right then and there.”

“Not gonna lie. Have a huge hard on right now.”

“I can tell.” She giggles. “ I stood up and tried forcing my pee out. It didn't work...well it kinda did but that really doesn't matte-You're gonna ask aren't you?”

“You know me well.” I'm aware at this point she's not seeming as stupid as I made her out to be. Turns out she's smarter than I gave her credit for. Who knew?

“I was trying to force out the pee and...I kinda...pooped my bikini a little.” She was bright red now. “It was so embarrassing, it was only a little one and my sister still doesn't know. She said to relax and let it out instead. I was about to say it wasn't that easy when her crotch got dark and pee started to streak down her legs. I had to stop myself from going over there and feeling her crotch as it happened. It was time and I tried relaxing. Pee just started pouring out of me and I felt amazing. It was great, and I was so turned on.”

“Okay. So I get it, The whole pants peeing thing turns you on, but I've got 3 questions.”

“Shoot”

“1. Why didn't you make the wish?”

“I found out you can't do it any more if you make a wish permanent.”

“Oh? What'd you do?”

“...Gave my sister a bed wetting problem.”

“...Can I stay over at your house sometime?” I ask with a grin. She giggles. I make a mental note to ask why later on.

“Number 2?”

“Yeah you told me about that. In your bikini right?”

“Ha ha.”

“How'd you know it would turn me on?”

“I wished to find out who else it would turn on.”

“I didn't even know.”

“It's magic. What did you expect?”

“How come no one else's wishes are coming true?” I question. “Why does no kids wish for world peace ever happen?”

“They're doing it wrong.”

At this point I stopped caring.

“Question 3 is kind of a request.” I say this with a sly grin. She probably knows what I'm gonna say. “Would you be so kind as to pee yourself here and now?”

“Nope.”

She quickly pushes me out of the cubicle. I sigh and walk out, listening to the sound of her peeing as I did. I grinned knowing what I was going to do with these wishes. I'd use them to explore my new turn on and....and I'd use it for more important things.

The first order of business was to make sure that Beth was telling the truth about everything. I have to see whether her sister is wetting the bed and whether I can make other girls wet themselves.

*006*2014-04-02 22:44

{{:

Is there another chapter to this coming up soon??

}}

Hopefully. College work has been kicking my ass lately/

*007*2014-04-06 23:01

Chapter 3

When I said that I was gonna make sure that Beth was telling the truth about everything I was serious. Dead serious. But that didn't mean I wasn't gonna have fun doing it. My plan was simple. Make up an excuse to go over to Beth's house, figure a way to spend the night and then make sure her sisters does the deed. Simple. Not so much.

Me and Beth crunched through the snow on our way to her house after school. Lots of small talk ensued and I won't make you sit through that. It'd be an evil form of torture to do so. We arrived to an empty home. Her sister had an after school club and her mom was out of town, a very excellent coincidence. She didn't mention her dad so I presume they're divorced. We begin making our way upstairs, this gives me the opportunity to look up her skirt. Red panties. Hell yes. We take a left and arrive in her room. Door wide open, we stroll in. She sits on the bed and crosses her legs and I lean against a book shelf.

“Okay, let me just say something important about the wishes.” She begins.

“Is it a moral thing or something actually important?”

“Morality is important. You should only-” I quickly zoned out from what she was saying and decided to read the book titles on her shelf. The Hunger Games, The Host. What is this shite? Very different from my book shelf. Clive Barker is far superior.

After this thought I decide to nod in agreement. “Okay. So what are we gonna do with the wishes?”

“You can guess from the morality rant I just had, we'll be going after the biggest bitches in school.” She stood and walked over to a white board on a wooden stand. How long had she been planning this? Wait. I should totally move this from my brain to my mouth.

“How long have you been planning this?”

“A while. They've been driving me crazy for years. Remember Serena?”

“Yeah, she was cute but an uber bitch.” 7/10 on the Silver Dong scale. “She started having that pants wetting probl-that was you wasn't it?”

“Yup.” She said with her eyes closed and a grin. “So I got us 4 targets.”

“First though. Let me go take a pee.” I step out the room and move to the bathroom across the hall. I close the door and lock it, knowing I'll need privacy. I stand in the centre of the bathroom and close my eyes, clenching my fists by my side. I'd decided my plan of action. I was gonna wish for a snow storm that would mean I was stuck their for the night.

With a whisper, the words left my mouth and I opened my eyes. My eyes moved over to a laundry basket next to the toilet. I know it's creepy but I wanted to take a look inside. I took the lid off and saw it was empty. God dammit. I flushed the toilet, turned the tap on and made my way back to the room.

I got there and saw that Beth had changed. If I hadn't bothered with that goddam laundry basket I could've walked in on her naked. Sigh.

After this we discussed the plans to get the bitches. I'll cover those when we get to the part when their important. We eventually ended up laying on the bed next to each other. The door opens and Beth's sister steps in.

“Am I interrupting something?” She says with a smile. She's a little taller than Beth and a year older. Unlike her sister, she's got blonde hair and a very pretty face. What's the name for a reverse butterface? I'll come up with one later. 7/10 on the Silver dong scale.

“I wish you were” I reply with a cheeky grin.

She laughs and Beth groans. “How long you gonna be here? Because a snow storm just whipped up outside”

“You've gotta be shittin' me!” I run over to the window and look outside. “It looks like hell out there and it's getting worse.”

“Have fun walking home in that.” Beth says from behind me. Like right behind me. As in boobs on back behind me. -shiver of delight-

“You can't send him home in a storm like that. Mom's gone for the weekend. We'll just let him stay and not tell her.” I thank the lord for kinder older sisters. “I'll grab a sleeping bag and he can sleep in here.”

“Hey sis! Maybe you should join us as well!” Beth shouts this with a gleeful voice. Her sisters instantly goes red.

“I'd rather not.” She leaves the room quickly. Beth pushes me back and I trip onto the bed. She makes her way over and I back up against the head of the bed. She crawls onto it and gets up close. I can feel her breathe on my face and I'm staring into her green eyes.

“You did this didn't you?”

“No. Maybe, possibly. Yes.”

“....smart.” She sits on her feet and starts fiddling with her nails. “Your plan is to see my sister pee the bed right?”

“Am I that see through?”

“Yes. Why do you wanna see that though?” She said, sounding almost offended.

“Why wouldn't I? Your sister is pretty hot.”

“Right...” She looked disappointed?

“Though I wouldn't mind seeing you doing it.”

“Fuck you!” She says this while laughing. I think she may have a crush on me. I could use this to my advantage. “Wish for it and you're dead.”

A few hours later and I'm layed in a sleeping bag next to her bed. It's freezing cold and I'm shivering like...something that shivers. I'm bad with metaphors. Sue me. I look at my phone and see the time. I get out of my sleeping bag and stand. I get ready to move off when a hand connects with my ass. I almost let out a yelp. I turn and see Beth looking up at me.

“Have fun with that” she says this with a wink.

“See you when I get back.” I tiptoe out of the room and head down the corridor. At this point, I decided to guarantee getting away clean. I make a wish for her not to wake up until 7 am. With a grin I go into her room. It's very...pink. It could seriously pass for a little girl's room, with love hearts and flowers embroidering most of the apparel and items in the room. I make my move over to her bed and draw the covers back. Pink pyjamas. What a surprise. I take a seat next to her bed and wait. Staring at her ass. Sigh.

About 30 minutes later I hear a faint hissing and a wet stream pours down from inbetween her legs. It darkens the pink material and bursts out, showing a strong stream falling down her right leg and pooling beneath it. I can smell it now and she murmurs in her sleep. I stand and see it has pooled around the center of the bed. I consider taking a picture but decide against it and leave, hard on jutting out infront of me.

I get back to Beth's room and see her turned over. She must be asleep. I bend down and start getting back into my sleeping bag. I shiver.

“Sweet Jesus it's fuckin' cold” I whisper out loud.

“It's warm in here. Get in.” This nearly gives me a heart attack. I look up and see Beth staring at me.

“You sure?” I reply, hoping she'd let me in. Partly because she's hot. Partly because it's fucking freezing. She moves forward and I step in. It's nice and warm. She has her back to me and I curl up, facing her back.

“Hug me.” Her tone makes it an order. I do so and we both begin to drift off.

End of Cha-

“Is that what I think it us poking into my left ass cheek?” I can tell she's smirking.

“Your sister is hot.” I mutter. I feel a hand brushing my crotch and it's a good night.

End of Chapter 3.

It's quite a long one. Remember kids, drugs are bad unless you buy them from me.

*013*2014-04-09 22:56

{{:

This story is wonderfully free of pretenses. Not a single fuck given, just pure fap material. Just like the amoral horny teenager.

}}

Well it is written from the viewpoint of one.

*014*2014-06-16 08:44

Apologies for the wait.

Chapter 4

The following day, we started on our plans. Our first target was called Danielle. She worked in the library part time and was nice to the older students. The younger students (Us), however she was a complete bitch to. She refused to let us take out certain books, would remove a student from a computer so she could use her tumblr or whatever. After listening to Beth rant for 5 minutes, I just stopped listening. I like her but god damn can she whine.

Around lunch we headed to the library. We stopped outside of it and Beth pulled me towards her.

“You know exactly what we're doing right?” She hissed in my ear.

“What's so hard about just going in there and wishing for it?” I whisper.

“For fucks sake, man” She punches me in the arm. Ow. “ You gotta wait for the right moment. Wait until she's talking to one of the older guys”

“Right. I got ya.” As I turn away I feel a hand on my ass. She drags me back.

“Make quick work of this one, okay?” She says from behind me.

“Was it necessary to grab my ass?”

“Nope.” She smacks it and pushes me into the library. I am going to wish for her to piss her pants, I swear to fucking god.

I enter the library, my first time in here, and I'm surprised. It's a lot more modern looking than I thought it would be. Computers are lined up along the walls and the books shelves seem to be made of metal and plastic. I thought they surely would be wood. They'll likely be enough wood in this room after I have my wish though...

I begin to look around for the girl that Beth described. Black hair, around 5”0, slightly chubby but also very cute. It doesn't take long before I locate her and my god...she's hot. Very cute is not the correct term for this girl, she's fucking gorgeous. She's wearing black yoga pants...oh man. This is gonna be great. I grab a random book of the shelf and sit at a table. Now it's a waiting game. It's about 40 minutes before she moves away from her computer and starts...oh shit. She's coming towards me.

“Hello” She looks down at me. I don't dare to look up right now.

“Oh. Hi” I act like I'm completely focused on the book.

“You know there only 5 minutes left of lunch right? Get outta here” She points to the door. Now or never. I make the wish.

“Okay. I'll get out of here, just chill.” She picks me up by the back of my shirt and starts dragging me. “Hey! Lemme put this book away at least”

She sighs and lets me go. I scramble to the shelf and take as much time as I can to put the book away. I hear a whimper after a few seconds and turn to her.

“What's wrong?” I suppress a grin as she stumbles towards to the toilets. Her legs are crossed and I can see them being squeezed together. I adjust myself as I see liquid start splattering on the red carpet. Her yellow pee pools around her feet and in her shoes. The pee sprays down her right leg but mostly just soaks right through her crotch and splatters down onto the floor. The stream slows and she turns to me, tears in her eyes. There's a moment of silence before I speak.

“Bathrooms that way.” I point towards the exit of the library and walk past her, making sure to look at her ass. I exit the library and Beth is waiting there for me.

“I did it, it was great. She's way better looking than you said she'd be.” At least a 8/10 on the silver dong scale.

“I thought I'd give you a nice surprise.” She winks at me and suddenly starts dragging me away. As she does, I see a group of students head into the library.

*015*2014-06-17 10:09

Chapter 5

Girl number 2 was Natasha. I know her quite well actually and she's actually quite pleasant. But Beth seems to hate her so...fuck it. I figured if I did this for her, then maybe she'll pee herself for me. To be honest, really wanna see that. We're stood outside chemistry when Beth tells me.

“Natasha? Really?” I'm generally surprised.

“Yeah. Complete bitch. You'd hate he-”

“I know her. I sit next to her. She's nice.”

“She's only nice to guys.”

“Oh....OOOH! I see. One of those girls”

“Yep.” She says this with a smug grin. Must...resist urge....to wish.

“Hey question.”

“Go for it.”

“After this is done...do you think you could...Y'know for me?”

“Maybe. Maybe not.” She giggles “But I'll tell you now. I'm currently nursing a small wet spot on my panties.” She walks away.

God. Fucking. Dammit.

I head into class and take my seat. Natasha has yet to arrive, so I sit there fantasising. Imagining Natasha grabbing her crotch and struggling to hold back her pee. She tries to get the teacher's attention but she doesn't notice. Suddenly it's too late and urine is pooling on her chair and dripping off. Oh boy...I should wish for some desperation this time.

“Pretty zoned out there, huh?”

I jump and look beside me. Natasha had arrived while I was fantasising. Shit. I have a boner. Lord Ctuhulu save me!

“You okay, dude?”

“I'm fine. Just...tired?”

“Why'd you say that like it was a question?”

“Why so many questions?”

“Okay then...” She looks out the window.

“I'm tired.”

“Oh okay then. Just nap or something.”

“Na. I get the feeling something interesting is gonna happened” Close my eyes, make the wish. I wish for her to be desperate for 10 minutes before losing it while sat next to me.

I suddenly felt something small collide with my ankle. My eyes shoot open and I look to my side. She dropped her pencil and she's bending down to get it...and I'm hard....and these are loose pants. Oh shit. I hear her make a noise and then a giggle. She fucking noticed. Shitballs. When she comes back up, she's grinning like the Cheshire cat and looks right at me.

“Not just tired huh?”

“It's not that obvious is it?”

“You have a tent in your pants”

“Shitfuck.”

“It's okay. I won't tell anyone. Just think of something that turns you off”

“That never works, it just makes it an awkward boner”

“And it's not already awkward?” She grins at me.

“It wasn't until you pointed it out, asshat”

“Oh?” The grin disappears and she gives me a jokingly serious look. “I could make it so much worse though”

I look down at her legs and notice she's rubbing them together. It's started. I then see her hand moving right towards my manhood.

“Don't.”

Now she has her hand on it. -Whimper-

“What's wrong?” She says with a grin. She starts groping me through my pants.

“Tasha. You're not an asshat, I apologise.”

“That's better.” She keeps her hand there and slowly moves it up and down. She's giving me a handjob through my pants.

“Stop now?”

“I'm enjoying myself though...actually” She suddenly moves her hand back to her legs. She's holding herself. I adjust my penis and slip it under the waistband of my pants. The best way to hide a boner. (Take notes kids, that could be useful).

“What's up?” I know perfectly well, but I'm playing dumb.

“I gotta go to the bathroom”. She's already really struggling.

“Why didn't you go before class?”

“I didn't need it then.”

“I hate it when that happens.” I grin at her but she's not looking. 100% concentration on holding it. “Relax, we've got like 5 minutes left. You'll be fine.

“I'm not so sure...”She cringes for a second. “I just...lost it a little.”

“What?”

“I peed.”

“Crap. How bad on a scale of 1-10?”

“3.”

“I hate to say this...but I think you might not make it. Have you got a bottle or something?”

“I am not using a bottle.” She gives me an angry stare.

“Just a suggestion. I mean we are at the back of the class. No one would know.”

“I am NOT peeing in front of you.”

“I don't wanna see that either.” I lie. “So consider us agreed on that point.”

She flinches and a hear a small hissing noise.

“7”

I look down at her chair and see there is a small puddle around her ass.

“You have a puddle on your chair. Just hold the rest, class will be done in a minute.”

“I can't...” she's sniffling.

“Don't cry, people'll notice.”

“Okay.” She holds her crying but lets her bladder go. Pee comes streaming out of her panties and soaks into her skirt. The teacher calls the class to an end and people start leaving. We remain seated as the pee starts overflowing off the chair and onto the floor. She keeps her hands pressed into her crotch, trying to make her skirt soak some more up but to no avail. The stream comes to a slow down and stops. There's a small pause before I can smell the pee.

“Now what?”

“Did you bring any spare clothes?” I ask with a raised eyebrow.

“No...why would I?”

“I was just asking. All I can think off is to go the nurses office. I'm sorry but I've got to get to my next class.”

I stand and leave.

“Might wanna fix your pants.”

I adjust myself and then leave.

*020*2016-10-16 08:38

{{3 hours ago, Theonlysaneperson said:

Is this one dead too?

}}

Considering its been over two years since I posted anything here, I'm leaning towards "yes"

