Addison’s sleep over secret - Omorashi fiction - Omorashi

Author: Guest theperson2052

*000*2022-04-10 05:51

Sorry I haven’t written a story in a while. I didn’t really find any inspiration. Things in my personal life got busy too. But writing this story was a lot of fun.

“When’s Olivia coming?” Gianina asked

“She’s alway late to like, everything” Addison said.

Tonight Addison was hosting a sleepover at her house. She hadn’t had a sleepover hosted at her house before. Considering her parents were on a business trip she thought that there was no better time then today.

She invited her best friends. Gianina, Chloe, Jesse and of course Olivia who was running late to sleepover. Olivia always ran late to planned events.

A lot of the time this is because of her being unprepared. Her style of waiting until the time she needed to leave then get ready has lead to some unfortunate bladder related accidents.

When the girls where trying to pick a movie to watch they heard a knock on the door. It was Olivia.

“I like, just woke up right now” Olivia said as she walked through the door. Her forehead was sweaty but even after running to Addison’s place, her blonde bangs and hair were looking perfect. She even had black eye shadow on which went perfectly with her black and red pajamas.

Addison was looking like she always did. She didn’t dress up. All she did was put on pajamas which, to her was just black sweat pants and a grey sports jersey.

“Come in” Addison told her.

“Why are you wearing makeup to a sleep over?” Gianina said to Olivia.

“I wear makeup everywhere. It’s a habit” Olivia answered

Gianina was a short black haired girl who usually wore her hair in a bun or pony tail. She only wore booty shorts and an old top that barely fit. She was usually the one who got the group of friends into trouble.

Naturally when the group was picking a movie Gianina picked a horror movie. Not With out protest from Jesse though.

Jesse got scared pretty easily. She could barely watch a horror movie because more than half the runtime she had her head buried in her hands. All you could see was her brow hair covering her small body. She wore deep blue pajamas the traditional kind that Olivia was wearing accept it was just solid blue.

Chloe on the other hand was a big horror fan. Barely any movie scared her. On the contrary she was very jumpy. The only way you could scare her is by surprising her.

So the girls started the movie anyway.

It was only about an hour and fourty five minutes.

By half way through the movie Jesse was on the verge of tears with her head buried in Chloe’s lap. Chloe was acting like a mother to her right now. Still managing to make her laugh while she was so scared. It was pretty sweet.

On the other hand Addison was almost falling asleep resting her head on Olivia’s shoulder. She didn’t find the movie that scary. She wasn’t really tired either. She just wanted to be close to Olivia.

Barely five minutes later Jesse had recovered enough to look at the screen. It was a tense part. But right as she started to think nothing was gonna happen, there was a jumpscare.

Everyone jumped and Addison and Gianina Screamed. But Jesse had it much worse. In her fright her bladder muscles had gone numb. Once she had collected herself she realized. She just had a small accident. It showed through her pants. The wet spot was about the size of a mug.

She reached her hand down and felt the damage. She looked up at Chloe. She sat up, making sure to shield her eyes from the screen.

“Chloe I had an accident” Jesse told her. Chloe looked at her with a calm expression on her face as a strand of Chloe’s dirty blond hair fell onto her face.

Chloe lifted Jesse onto her lamp. Chloe was much taller compared to Jesse who was pretty small for her age. When Jesse was on her lap she just hugged her. She always thought of Jesse like a little sister.

Eventually Chloe reached her hand under the blanket and felt Jesse’s butt. It was wet. She expected her to do this going in though. She knew her too well. They both stayed like that for the rest of the movie.

“That was pretty bad” Gianina said.

“Your the one who suggested it though” Said Chloe

“Doesn’t mean I can’t have my own opinion. This is a free country” Gianna responded.

“Whatever. Let’s go downstairs and play some video games in my room” Addison said. Her room was in the basement since her house was a bungalow.

“Chloe what now? I don’t want them to see, y’know” Jesse said with the brightest red face. A couple more drips of pee slipped during the movie. It didn’t help that she kept trying to watch it and she had to go really badly.

“Here, come with me. We’ll go to the bathroom up here.” Chloe said as she lead Jesse to bathroom.

They walked into the bathroom. Chloe opened all the drawers until she found what she needed. A hair dryer.

“Show me where the wet places are.” Chloe asked. Jesse turned around and spread her legs. Chloe started blow drying.

“You sure you didn’t pee a little more when you were on my lap?” Chloe asked.

“It was really scary and I had to go bad!” Jesse exclaimed.

Alright that should be good. No more wet spot.” Chloe said as she left the room to go downstairs. She figured she’d need a couple more minutes to figure out her underwear situation.

As Jesse sat there blow drying she thought about why she kept leaking. It wasn’t really because of the movie. It was because she had her head pressed up against Chloe’s breasts.

While as Chloe thought of Jesse as a little sister, Jesse thought of Chloe like a girl who was out of her league. So that was the first time she got close to her in that way.

Chloe headed into Addison’s room followed by Jesse and was met with immediate arguing.

“I this your guitar?” Gianina said pointing at the wall mounted electric guitar.

“Yeah. And it costs more than you so don’t mess around with it.” Addison responded

“Let me play.” Olivia said as she took it down carefully. She started playing it perfectly. Addison was entranced watching her play. Her beautiful blond hair covering her strumming pattern.

“I didn’t know you played” Addison said.

“I guess I’m just full of surprises.” Olivia said as she smiled.

A couple hours had passed and Jesse, Gianina and Chloe had fallen asleep. Addison and Olivia were still awake though.

They were sharing funny stories with each other. They enjoyed each other’s company.

“Wait. Have you ever like, pissed yourself?” Olivia asked her.

“There was one time like, a year ago. I was in class and the teacher said I couldn’t go to the bathroom because it was just the beginning of class. So I was holding it so hard. But I peed my pants and my chair.” Addison said while laughing.

“Have you ever had an accident?” Addison said as she sat down on the bed Olivia was on.

“ Not since I was a baby. I’m not like you going around peeing everywhere.” Olivia said laughing.

“You better not tell anyone you jerk.” Addison said quickly.

The two kept laughing until they woke Chloe up.

“you guys need to keep it down it’s 3 am.” Chloe said as she stumbled out of the room.

Twenty minutes past and Chloe still hadn’t come back. At this point Addison and Olivia were lying side by side in bed.

“I think she fell asleep in there” Addison giggled

“This is a bad time to mention this but... I really really have to pee.” Olivia said in a timid voice.

“Why don’t you just go up stairs?” Addison asked.

“It’s to scary after watching that movie. I’d pee my pants as soon as I step up there.” Olivia answered with her cheeks turning pink.

The two kept talking while Olivia was fidgeting with her legs. She felt like if she stopped she would have peed in Addison’s bed.

Chloe walked back into the room looking more tired than ever.

“Did you fall asleep?” Addison asked. Olivia was to desperate to tell jokes and Chloe didn’t even answer she was so tired.

“Are you gonna go now?” Addison asked

“Can you please come with me? I’m to scared.” Olivia asked with an embarrassed look on her face.

And so the two sat off to the bathroom. Almost as soon as they left the room Olivia felt a ping in her bladder. She leaked a little bit into her panties.

“I don’t know if I can walk any farther I have to pee so bad.” Olivia said as she buried her sweaty hands deep in her crotch to relieve pressure.

They kept walking anyways. They were right at the door of the bathroom. But suddenly Olivia bent down and stopped walking.

“Addison- I can’t stop it. I’m gonna pee myself.” Olivia said.

As she said it, her panties started to become soaked. The wetness quickly spread to her but rolling through her crack and soaking through her underwear and making a wet stain on the butt of her pajamas. After that it trickled down her thighs soaking her pants on the way down. Eventually what was left of the stream dripped down her ankles and on to the carpet.

As the stream stopped she dashed into the bathroom. Not before Addison slid through.

She sat on the lid of the toilet as her jaw trembled and her pants lightly dripped.

“Addison I’m so sorry about it I swear!” Olivia said while feeling her wet crotch.

Addison didn’t know what to do. She sat down on the counter and looked at Olivia wet pants. She didn’t know how she felt.

“Come here.” Addison said opening her arms for a hug.

Olivia got up and hugged Addison. But Olivia felt a weird wetness on the front of her thighs. Addison was peeing her pants.

Her crotch was right on top of Olivia’s leg. The pee soaked through Addison’s pants. It was the biggest wet spot she had ever seen. It was even bigger than Olivia’s.

They both stood there in soaked pants. Addison reached out and felt Olivia’s thigh and all the pee on it.

She looked into Olivia’s eyes. Before she knew what was happening Olivia was kissing her repeatedly.

“I love you” Olivia said.

“I love you more” Addison said. It was the most confident she’d been all night.

