Weekend at the grandparents - Page 3

Author: TheGreatNobody

*057*2013-12-24 21:37

Oh yeah, I had this story. And as long as I do not die before, this weekend will come to an end.

*068*2014-09-13 14:17

I'm sorry for not updating for so long, but I've been feeling like I've made a big mistake from the beginning. I haven't had that much contact with teenage girls since my own teen years, and was imagining them as they looked to me when I was that age. But now, when I look back at the story and at how girls from various ages actually look, I really wasn't comfortable writing about a 16yo and a 13yo and the direction I wanted to go, especially since they looked older in my head. I realized this several times over the last year. So I decided the only way I could continue this story is by increasing their ages half-way through the story, however bad that is. I tried to come up with scenarios where I didn't have to, but in the end I decided I had to.

So, from now on, Julie is 18 and Kathy is 16. Deal with it. When the story is finished I may rewrite some stuff from previous chapters to fit their new age. Too bad I can't edit the posts.

Oh, and the next chapter will be here today :)

*069*2014-09-13 14:34

Here it is, I was happy with the first draft and didn't change anything so 'today' could've read 'in a few minutes' :)

Chapter 5: Sunday part I

A couple of hours later, Julie awoke, lying in fresh, clean sheets her mother had put on during the night. She was wearing nothing but long red shirt, because her only clean panties were still in the laundry room. She quickly assessed the state of her bladder, as she did not trust her own body anymore, but there was no need for alarm this time; she only had a slight urge. She decided it was best to use the bathroom first thing, just to be sure. When she got up, Julie noticed her sister was already out of bed. Although she was far from losing it, Julie was delighted when she released a small trickle of pee into the toilet. She had made it to the toilet for the first time in over a day. She put on a black top and a pair of black shorts and went down for breakfast, trying to make sure nobody would notice she wasn’t wearing panties beneath.

After breakfast, with the usual coffee and juice, Julie had a hard talk about bladder control and how her grandparents felt about her creating wet stains all over the carpet between her bed and the bathroom. When the solution was mentioned, the tears that had been welling up started slowly rolling down her face; she would have to wear a diaper too, for the last night. Her grandparents did not feel like having any more stains on the carpet upstairs.

Julie got very distraught from this; she was constantly reminded of her accidents. If it wasn’t for the thought of having to wear a diaper tonight, it was from the strange feeling from her shorts against her skin where normally her panties would have been. She did like the feel of it but she did not want anyone to discover that she was in shortage of panties, so she decided to get her clothes from the laundry room.

There was a rack from which Julie’s and Kathy’s clothes hung to dry. Julie selected the dry clothes and moved it to the girls’ room. Her red panties and her shirt from last night were still drying. In her room she put on her yellow panties and promised to herself she would keep these dry.

She decided to distract herself from her current feelings by reading. That always helped her to slip away from reality, and for that very reason Julie decided to empty her bladder before she started again. She did not manage to get a lot out, since she had gone to the toilet just before breakfast. She went outside, laid down a towel on the grass to not get her clothes dirty, laid down in the sun and started reading. As she had nothing to worry about now regarding her bladder, Julie soon found herself lost in the story once again.

After an hour or two of reading, she started to have a bit of a headache and a dry throat, so she went inside to fill up a half liter bottle of water and went back to reading once again, sipping water constantly to get rid of that parched feeling. After a while, it must’ve been about half an hour, she went back inside to fill the bottle up again because she still was not feeling hydrated enough. Again Julie got back to reading as fast as she could as she was still lost in the other world created by the author.

Only when the main female protagonist in Julie’s book went on a date and barely made it to the bathroom after dinner in a restaurant and a movie afterwards, creating a hilarious situation, Julie noticed her own need she had neglected while being away from reality; the water bottle was empty again, and the contents now filled up her bladder rapidly. Knowing the events of the last few days, Julie knew she had to go to the toilet now before she was lost in the story once again. She got up and went inside. Walking made her notice the fullness of her bladder even more; she really needed a toilet, but it wasn’t as bad as some previous cases this weekend.

She went inside the house, through the kitchen where Julie’s mother just started making tea. The sound of water filling up the kettle sparked a reaction in the girl’s bladder; as she walked from the kitchen into the living room, a wave of desperation suddenly came over her and she had to stop for a moment. Julie buried both her hands into her crotch and did a small potty dance, hopping from foot to foot to remain in control. Both her hands pushing and rubbing hard into her private parts gave some relief and some sexual pleasure as she also rubbed her clit.

“Oh my, you’d better hurry to the toilet before you’ll need a change again, sweetie” she heard her grandmother say, who was watching TV. “Uhm, yeah, I will” Julie said, as her face reddened.

She was embarrassed of her grandmother speaking to her in that childish way; she was an adult now, but she couldn’t blame her grandma for that, given her recent history. Another urge came over her as she was distracted by this, and she almost lost control again, but managed to hold on by dancing some more and putting more pressure on her intimate parts with her hands from the outside of her clothes. Now she was really desperate again; she had to keep one hand between her legs as she sped through the hallway towards the toilet. Luckily, Julie saw the door was unlocked; she would find relief soon! Knowing this, another urge came over her and her bladder muscles started to contract with the information of pending relief, but she knew she could hold on if she just walked on and got her clothes down as soon as possible.

However, as Julie opened the door she was in for quite the surprise; Kathy was sitting on the toilet. Her sister looked up in surprise and horror, as she realized what she had forgotten. Kathy sat there, with her jeans around her ankles and white cotton panties still covering her private parts. In surprise, Julie’s bladder released a two-second spurt; her bladder had thought she would be on the toilet right now, and started to contract more violently. As Julie’s other hand came to the rescue to stop her bladder from emptying, she saw her sister’s panties getting wet; at first slowly, around her most private area, making it see-through.

“Go away! Leave me alone!” Kathy screamed as her face got the reddest Julie had ever seen it. Kathy quickly closed her legs and put her hands on her white panties, trying to stop the flow that had just begun, but it was of no use; once started, Kathy’s bladder started emptying faster and faster. After a few seconds of shifting on the toilet, Julie heard drops falling into the water and a hissing sound getting louder and louder. Kathy gave up, knowing her sister had seen it anyway, and removed her now wet hands from her soaked crotch; Kathy started peeing full force through her panties into the toilet. Her white panties now became completely soaked and Julie could see the liquid, with a slight hint of yellow, forcefully pushing through the material of her sister’s most intimate piece of clothing.

“Wha… w… what are you doing? Why… ” Julie stammered, as she felt another spurt escape, dampening the crotch of her black shorts. Seeing her sister pee herself and now hearing a loud hissing sound hitting her panties, along with a full stream falling down into the water beneath her was too much for Julie. Her bladder released another spurt, and another. She still tried to stop the flow long enough until she could use the toilet, but she knew full well she had almost zero chance of making it now. Kathy’s forceful peeing didn’t seem to stop for quite some time, and Julie’s bladder thought it was time. As she rubbed her private parts, Julie was shaking and dancing trying to win a losing battle; warmth spread around her crotch, momentarily making her feel good as it warmed her clit, which was swelling up due to the rubbing, but as her hands got wetter and wetter and the warm wetness flowed down her thighs it got replaced by shame; she was wetting herself once again.

Julie gave up; she knew it was hopeless now. She spread her legs and removed her hands, hoping it wouldn’t flow down into her shoes and socks. Now she started peeing full force and the small room was filling with an additional hissing sound of Julie’s pee escaping her body and flowing through her shorts. Just above her knees, where the shorts stopped, a few drips fell down to the ground before a steady stream formed, first falling down from her right leg, after which her left leg followed suit. The streams falling down on the tiles overpowered the sound of Kathy’s pee falling towards the water through her panties. As the two puddles under Julie formed and got bigger and bigger, she felt small trickles going down her lower legs.

More and more trickles were escaping from the main streams as her pee flowed harder and harder, and making the wetness on the legs of her shorts spread in all directions. Julie looked down to see her lower legs now glistening with the trickles of pee going down into her socks; it hadn’t worked. Her socks were getting soaked from all directions and her shoes started filling up, as the flow from her bladder slowly decreased in intensity. The puddles had joined forces and were still spreading from the thick streams falling down in it.

Kathy had to quickly pull her legs up, preventing Julie’s pee from wetting her socks and jeans. As the thick streams falling from Julie also decreased, they started going down her lower legs and made sure her shoes were completely overflowing with her pee. As the last trickles warmed Julie’s panties and pants, all that could be heard were the drops falling down into the water from both girls, Julie’s falling down from her shorts into her puddle below, and Kathy’s from her soaked panties into the toilet.

“Julie? Were you too late again?” the girls heard their grandmother yell from down the hallway. Footsteps indicated people coming over to check. Kathy pulled down her panties a bit, wrung them out as well and quickly as she could and pulled them back up again, and pulled up her pants over them while standing up and quickly jumping towards the only dry piece of tile left in the toilet, out of her sisters’ puddle, legs slightly parted to prevent her panties from wetting her jeans as much as possible. Just in time for the girls’ mother and grandmother standing in the door opening. All they saw was one very wet girl and one dry girl apart from her socks, which had gotten wet in the process.

“Julie wet herself again! She couldn’t wait until I was done!” Kathy said. Julie, baffled by what she had just seen from her sister, didn’t know what to say and only managed to mutter some indistinguishable words. A tear started rolling down her red cheeks.

“Oh, Julie, why didn’t you go earlier? You’ve been lying just outside the house for 3 hours!” Julie’s mother said.

In her confusion, Julie just ran away, upstairs to the bathroom where she could shower and be alone, without the judging eyes from her elders. She needed to get clean again and process what had just happened. She really didn't need to go that badly when she got up; the water in the kettle and her grandma’s remark made it a bit harder, but when her bladder thought it would get relief but instead she saw her little sister peeing through her panties on the toilet she couldn’t handle it anymore. But the most confusing thing was that her sister was just sitting on the toilet for a few seconds, with dry panties, before she started peeing. And she hadn’t seen her going into the toilet; she must’ve been there for a long enough time to pull them down. Why didn't she? And why was Julie’s clit still slightly swollen in excitement? And why was her pee not the only fluid that ended up in her panties? It must be because she hasn't pleasured herself for almost a week and had started to miss it.

