I swear today never ends

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2015-11-27 19:19

I swear today never ends: I

I'm awoken by something banging against my window. It takes me a second to stir and push the cobwebs away. Waking up. That one thing that seems so easy yet its the single most difficult thing we do daily. I look in the mirror directly across from my bed to see if I can check the window damage without leaving my warm and comfy area. Nothing. I sigh and roll out of bed, adjusting my loose pink pyjamas as I do. The window is fine, not a crack on it. Peering down into the street below all I can see is vacant streets and flicking lamp posts. Really have to tell the council about that.

As I glanced at the raindrops crawling down the window I noticed a full feeling in my bladder. I had to pee. I considered ignore it and just continuing to watch the raindrops but I quickly realised it was fuller than I thought. Moving to the living room, I pulled the waistband forward on my pyjamas meaning that only my panties were putting pressure on there. This helped a tiny amount but I had to get to the toilet immediately. I'm just happy I woke up when I did.

The living room is mostly empty right now due to Rebecca moving out. Typical isn't it. I find a good room mate and she ends up running out of money. She's moved back home with her folks and now I have to find some other person to live with. 2 person flats are hard to fill. Her leaving is a pain in the ass because- A twinge in my bladder cuts my thoughts into tiny pieces and I bend over. I whimper and move faster towards the bathroom. I've gotta get there and I've gotta get there right now. I trip over something, sprawling out over the floor. My face goes red as I realise what just happened. A leak. I can feel the damp spot in my underwear, pressing up against my vagina, and I can feel the liquid drying up against it. I pick myself up and run to the bathroom door.

I twist the door handle and...nothing. Oh my god Rebecca must be in there! I start banging on the door, begging her to let me in. I can't go through this humiliation again. A couple of weeks back me and my mom went to the cinema together. It had been a few months since I visited and we used to do it a lot when I was a kid. We were getting near the end of a movie when I felt the biggest need to pee. I tried everything from crossing my legs to putting my hands there but it didn't work. I had a huge accident right in the cinema chair. I used the old tie your hoodie around your waist to get away with it. Having soaked jeans cling to your ass is definitely one of the least comfortable things in the world.

This was my biggest mistake. Thinking about that. I felt my underwear get warmer followed by the same warmth snaking down my leg. It was happening again. It quickly reached my foot due to my loose pyjama pants and begin to pool around them. It soaked the crotch area and wet rose blossomed right in my crotch. All I could feel was a mixture of relief and embarrassment. Oh my god the embarrassment. I was so happy I was alone...wait. Alone. Rebecca left.

The bathroom door slowly unlocked and creaked open.

*005*2015-11-30 01:53

I swear today never ends: II

I wake up to the sound of something hitting my window. It startles me and knocks me awake, bypassing the usual fogginess and pushing me quickly into the grip of consiousness. I sit up for a second, taking a glance at my window through the mirror. No such luck. Not at the right angle. I momentarialy sit there sleeps hands trying to drag me back to it before I'm able to move my feet to the side of the bed and-Fuck! I feel a sharp sting in my foot and immediatly draw it back. Christ, did I step on a drawing pin? I try to look at my foot but it's too dark. I shuffle along the bed on my ass so I can use the moonlight to see my foot. Blood and glass!

I look up to the window and see it's broken. Someone has thrown a rock striaght through it, shattering the window and spraying glass all over my floor. Fucking typical, it's gotta be those kids going around again. A couple of weeks back I had a confrontation with some 15 year olds on skateboards which ended in a pretty embarassing situation for me. Eugh, I don't need to think about that. I gotta get to the first aid kit. I grab some tissues off the side of my shelf, wrap my foot and begin to hop toward the kitchen. It's at this point that I feel my bladder being shaken by the hopping. I kind of need to pee but my foot is more important.

I move quickly from the bedroom, to the living room and across to the kitchen which is attached to the back wall of the living room. A nice apartment for a surprisingly cheap price. Thank god for Rebecca. Shit, 'Becca. I forgot all about her. She ran out of money and has to leave. I should check if she got everything from her room at some point but first my foot. I get to the kitchen and start digging through the draws. Where the fuck did I put it? As I go through the draws I have to keep one hand pushed against my vagina. Oh god, I'm really feeling it now. I could hop to the bathroom and back but I don't want to risk infecting my foot. One leg in the air, one hand inbetween my legs. Oh my god. I grab the medical kit from the back of the cutlery draw and hop up onto the counter. I feel my butt hitting thecounter. I feel my butt leaving the counter. I feel my back smashing into the floor.

The impact surprised me and I lost control. My legs are still up in the air and the urine arcs out of me at first. It bursts immediatly through my underwear before it hits my pyjama pants. They darken to purple. The wet patch crawls towards me and spreads across my stomach. I can feel the warmth soaking down my pants, underwear and shirt. It reaches my breasts before pooling at the bottom of my neck. It gets to be too much, overflowing my neck and pooling around my head. This is humiliating. Wetting myself is bad enough but like this? Oh god. I'm just glad I'm alone.

The bathroom door slowly unlocked and creaked open.

