Wet Pet Play and Pony Ride (Equestria Girls)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-03-20 23:46

Here's another Equestria Girls fanfic I wrote depicting some kinky pet play and pony play combined with wetting. If anyone would prefer to see this with OC's (since Equestria Girls stories don't seem that popular here), I could do another version changing it to OC's. I also removed the farts (since that doesn't seem to be too popular here), but left in the characters smelling bad from not washing, if that's not too big a turn-off. If it is I can redo it to cut that out.

Might be stretchy, but don't take too seriously and enjoy the fetish fuel.

Wet Pet Play and Pony Ride

Pinkie Pie was hanging out with Fluttershy at the zoo. She was wearing her dirty jean shorts and pink and white T-shirt rather than her cake frosting-smelling dress she wore to work, because she was sure Fluttershy didn't mind bad smells since sometimes a few of the animals she would see smelled worse than her.

Pinkie and Sunset had been smelling bad for 13 days now, as part of their kinky activities together. She and Fluttershy sat side by side looking at some horses.

Fluttershy sniffed. She looked in Pinkie's direction, and sniffed her. "Um... Pinkie Pie... You kind of, maybe smell bad. Just a little bit."

"I had beans for breakfast." Pinkie giggled.

"No, it doesn't smell like you farted. It smells like you haven't washed for a long time."

"Oh. That explains it, cause I didn't even fart on this bench!"

"I noticed Sunset doesn't smell very nice either. Are your showers working?"

"Oh yeah, they're fine! Sunset and I just haven't washed for 13 days cause we decided to try being really stinky and we're having a lot of fun with it because I think we both have a fetish for it and we like to sniff each other and-" She stopped. "Sorry Fluttershy, that's probably sounding really weird to you, and we're planning to take a bath tonight anyway."

"It's not much weirder than what I do with Rainbow Dash."

"What?"

Fluttershy blushed beet red. "Nothing."

"What do you do with Rainbow Dash? Would it be something I'd like to try with Sunset?"

"Um..." Fluttershy talked a little too quietly for Pinkie to hear.

"Yes?"

"I... kind of really like it when Rainbow Dash puts a leash on me and treats me like a pet."

"Oooh! That sounds fun!"

"It is. Rainbow Dash wasn't sure if I could handle some of the things she likes to do, but I've surprised her quite a bit. I've never even had to use my safeword to get her to stop. Oh, but don't tell anyone except Sunset about this."

"Cross my heart and hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye. Sunset and I are gonna have a lot of fun today!"

...

"That sounds interesting," said Sunset once Pinkie was over at her house a few minutes later. (Note: Sunset is wearing a teal tank top and jeans, which smell as bad as Pinkie)

"Would you like to try it before our bath?" said Pinkie. "If I want you to stop I'll say 'Cherry Changa.' But I don't think I'll need to!" Pinkie held out a dog leash.

Sunset put the leash around Pinkie's neck. Pinkie got into a sitting position and started scratching herself with her back leg. Sunset did seem to like this a bit.

"Stay while I fill your water bowl," said Sunset. She got a big bowl out of the cupboard, and saw that Pinkie had followed her on all fours, grinning mischievously.

"I said stay," said Sunset, and she slapped Pinkie's butt. Pinkie giggled, which she quickly turned into a fake whimper, and walked away and sat down.

Sunset pulled out a bottle of soda, one of many she had handy for when Pinkie was over. She poured the entire bottle into the bowl. Pinkie walked over to it and drank it like a dog. It did not take her long to finish, even though she had already drank five big bottles of soda before going to the zoo.

Sunset took a chocolate cupcake with cream cheese frosting out of the container of cupcakes that Pinkie had baked for her recently. Pinkie sat down with her mouth open. Sunset threw the cupcake, and Pinkie caught it in her mouth and swallowed it whole.

Then Sunset set an apple pie with a whip cream topping next to the soda bowl. "Eat that only with your mouth."

Pinkie started chomping away at the pie, getting whip cream and filling on her shirt and all over her face. This pet play was entirely new for her and she loved it.

Once she was done, Sunset wiped the whip cream off her face. "We don't want anyone to think you have rabies."

Pinkie giggled.

"How would you like to go for a walk through the park?" said Sunset.

Pinkie started panting with her tongue and walked forward on all fours. Sunset walked after her, opened the door, and walked along the sidewalk to the nearby park. Anyone they walked by dismissed it as Pinkie just being Pinkie Pie. Everyone in town had seen her do lots of weird stuff, and to them, this was no different.

They had just reached the park and were walking for about a minute when Pinkie said "I gotta go pee!"

Sunset was about to let her go find a place to pee, when she realized Pinkie hadn't used her safeword, Cherry Changa. Sunset chuckled and said "Just hold it."

Pinkie whimpered as Sunset continued to walk her through the park. The sodas she had drank had gone through her and she really needed to go. Her heart was pounding not just from how badly she needed to pee, but also from the situation she was in. Being denied the bathroom, possibly to the point of an accident, was very exciting for her. She knew she could end it any time, but she didn't want to.

They walked through a grassy area with trees, a little out of view in case anyone came by. Pinkie wanted to cross her legs but she couldn't, as Sunset had her keep walking. This just made it more exciting for her.

"I REALLY gotta go!" said Pinkie.

"I said hold it," said Sunset, half-expecting her to say "Cherry Changa", but she never did. Pinkie wanted this and Sunset knew it.

A little over a minute later, Pinkie felt the crotch of her stinky shorts grow warm and wet. She stopped in her tracks as she started peeing full force. She sighed in immense relief and pleasure as warm, yellow waterfalls flowed down her legs in torrents and soaked the grass below her.

Sunset stared as Pinkie wet herself in front of her. She must have really needed to go. Her shorts were drenched and she was still peeing. She felt just as aroused as when she had been massaging Pinkie's butt over the past several days. And she could tell, from Pinkie's deep sighs, that she was enjoying this greatly.

After about a minute, she slapped Pinkie's butt. "Keep moving!"

Pinkie shook her head as if snapping out of a trance and started to walk forward, still peeing. She knew beyond all doubt her white panties were yellow now. Not that they were very white before her accident.

She peed for just over two minutes, and continued the walk in her wet shorts. This was even more fun for her than when she had accidentally peed a little when Sunset had tickled her.

After about half an hour of walking around the park, they reached a big mud puddle, for it had rained the night before.

"Step into the mud," said Sunset.

Pinkie did as she was told, getting mud all over her hands and knees.

"Now lay on your back."

Pinkie laid on her back and raised her arms and legs in the air. Sunset gave Pinkie a belly rub, causing Pinkie to giggle and splash a bit of mud around.

Once Sunset was done, Pinkie got back on all fours, the back of her T-shirt and shorts covered in mud, and the front of her shorts wet with her pee. And, like Sunset, she smelled bad. Sunset turned around and walked Pinkie back home.

After Sunset threw another cupcake to Pinkie, she removed the leash. "Was that as fun as you hoped?"

"I REALLY need a bath, but that was even MORE fun than I thought it'd be!"

"Why don't we take that bath now?"

Sunset filled the tub with soapy water. Pinkie stepped into the tub. "Are you ready, Sunny?"

"One minute. I have to go to the bathroom first." Sunset sat on the toilet and started to pee in her jeans. "Ahhhhh..."

Pinkie giggled as Sunset wet herself. Once Sunset was done peeing, she climbed into the tub with Pinkie. They dunked each other's heads, lathered their hair with shampoo, and scrubbed each other's sides and armpits simultaneously with soapy sponges.

Then, Sunset scrubbed Pinkie's butt, because Pinkie was the dirtier of the two. Then they switched positions, and Pinkie scrubbed Sunset's butt. Once they were done, they scrubbed each other's stinky feet. Of course, this tickled Pinkie, who splashed about in the tub.

Once they were clean, they drained the water and filled the tub up again, relaxing in the tub for another half hour. Then they got out of the tub. Sunset blow dried Pinkie and changed out of her wet tank top and jeans into her pajamas, and a new pair of underwear.

...

They stayed clean for a few more days, except for some sploshing on one day, which included covering themselves in pudding, frosting, and whip cream after some cake sitting.

Then they stopped washing for another ten days, except instead of wearing her jeans, Sunset wore a short, tight pair of gray shorts due to the summer weather.

After another of their usual sessions, Sunset said "Do you want to do some more pet play?"

"Actually, I'd like you to ride me through the park like a pony this time!"

"Sure." Sunset thought this was funny because she used to be a pony while Pinkie Pie didn't.

A few minutes later, Sunset was riding Pinkie through the park. Anyone who saw them, once again, dismissed it as Pinkie's usual antics.

At about the same point as last time, Pinkie said "Ooh! Sunny, I gotta go potty!"

Sunset just slapped Pinkie's butt in response, getting her to move faster. Pinkie was enjoying this as much as last time. Needing to pee really badly, being denied a bathroom, unable to cross her legs.

She held it as long as she could, but ended up soaking her shorts again. And, just like last time, she stopped to take in how much she loved the relief, the warm wetness, and the naughty feeling of peeing herself, before Sunset slapped her butt, signalling her to continue walking.

Before Pinkie was done peeing, Sunset said "I have to use the bathroom, too." She let go and started to pee in her smelly shorts, sighing of relief.

Pinkie was a little startled by the warm wetness soaking her back, pouring down her butt and the upper part of her shirt. "Sunny, are you..." Pinkie asked as she finished peeing.

"I am." Sunset giggled and peed for nearly as long as Pinkie had before she was done, enjoying the feeling of wetting herself as much as Pinkie had. Aside from her head, Pinkie was now covered in urine, and she liked it.

Sunset rode Pinkie through the mud, during which Pinkie jumped up to splash in the mud, causing Sunset to fall off. Sunset landed butt-first in the mud.

"Pinkie!" Sunset put Pinkie over her knee and spanked her. Pinkie peed on Sunset's lap, as the rest of the soda she drank had gone through her.

They laughed as they continued roughhousing in the mud, before Sunset eventually rode Pinkie back home, and started to fill the bathtub.

Sunset and Pinkie were covered in mud and smelled like pee and sweat. And they loved every bit of it. But now it was time to clean up. And they knew from previous experience that this would also be fun!

*003*2019-03-21 00:34

{{34 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

{{29 minutes ago, Pee-Pants1995 said:

Awesome

}}

Thanks. I wasn't sure about this one cause the omo wasn't as fleshed out as in my other stories, and I wasn't sure whether olfactophilia would be a turn-off as farting is to many here (hence the removal of fart scenes).

*005*2019-03-21 01:11

{{32 minutes ago, Pee-Pants1995 said:

I obviously can't speak for everyone here but I'm that sort of freak human who enjoys almost anything body function/produced related... Pee, poop, farts, sweat, smells the lot.

}}

Sounds like we have similar taste then. (though I'm not really into the sexual fluids ironically)

*007*2019-03-21 16:07

@Pee-Pants1995

But if you're into farts too, would you like me to PM you the original version?

