(6) Snape's class

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-06-06 13:10

Draco suddenly woke up. He still felt tired and wanted to turn around when he suddenly noticed it was very quite in the boys bedroom...

He opened his eyes and looked around, blinded by the sunlight that was coming in through the window.

Then he realized that the other boys weren't there anymore...

Draco looked at his clock and saw that it was 8:45. His first class started at 9:00 today!

That was in fifteen minutes! Oh god he overslept. He suddenly started panicking and got out of his bed real quick. He really had to hurry now, sure there wouldn't be time for breakfast. It didn't matter though, he wasn't hungry anyway. He didn't feel great since what happened yesterday. He just didn't have time to think about that now.

In a hurry he walked to the bathroom taking his robe and trousers. He got dressed quickly and started brushing his light blonde hair. He sat on the side of his bed while tying his shoes when he suddenly felt the pressure on his bladder and realized he really needed to pee. But he was already late. He had ten more minutes and he had to walk all the way to the Potions classroom and Snape would get very angry if he was late again.

He squirmed, noticing his bladder was pretty full. He usually had to go and have his morning pee after he woke up but today he just didn't have time for it. Unfortunately...

Draco got his bag with all of his books for next lessons and hurried out of the boys bedroom, going to the Slytherin common room -that was totally empty- and went down the hallway going to the stairs to go upstairs to the Potions classroom.

He was way too in a hurry to pay attention to his full bladder but this sure was going to cause him some trouble...

Harry was already sitting in Snape's Potion class, Hermione next to him, Ron all the way at the other side of the classroom. He hadn't said anything since yesterday. Probably Snape had found out that it was him who pushed Draco and gave him a punishment. Hermione hadn't talked to him either. Well she tried to but found that Ron was really exaggerating and decided to ignore him. That's what Harry tried as well. But Ron kept giving him angry looks. Why couldn't he just stop acting so childish?

Harry kept looking at the door of the classroom. Draco still wasn't there and Harry was getting nervous. He was worried about him. Usually he was on time and he hadn't seen him today- not in the bathroom, not during breakfast...

Harry knew it was because of yesterday and that he wasn't feeling good.

Just when Harry thought Draco wouldn't come anymore and when Snape walked to the door to close it and start his lesson the blonde boy ran into the classroom.

'You're late, Mr. Malfoy.' Said Snape annoyed. Draco didn't look at him. He was kinda out of breath from running and his hair got in his face.

'I'm sorry sir...It won't happen again.' Draco said without facing his teacher.

Snape looked at him.

'Better won't.'

Draco blushed a little, being embarrassed cause everyone was looking at him and he walked straight to his seat and sat down next to Harry.

Harry smiled.

'Hey. I thought you weren't coming anymore. Are you alright?'

Draco looked at him.

'I'm fine.' He answered kinda annoyed. By now Harry knew he didn't mean it like that.

Actually he was pretty insecure but he just acted this way to hide it.

'Get your books on page 260.' Snape said while walking to the front of the class. Everyone got out their books. Harry and Draco were sitting on the second row, so Snape wasn't paying that much attention to them. When Harry got out his book and put it on the desk in front of him he noticed that Draco was squirming in his seat.

He didn't have to go already, did he?

Harry didn't ask him since he felt like he wasn't in such a good mood.

Draco opened his book on the page Snape asked and tried to pay attention to what he was saying. He already couldn't sit still. The pressure on his bladder was really bad and he regretted he didn't use the bathroom before class. He was late anyway. He knew he wasn't going to be able to hold it the entire hour. But he had no other choice.

By the way: he wasn't a little kid anymore. He just had to hold it.

Snape started talking about dangerous curses and time passed slowly.

Draco started squirming in his seat.

He really had to go...

He just felt so embarrassed to admit he needed the bathroom and Snape wouldn't let him go anyway. He never let someone go.

When Snape walked up to Neville in the back of the class to explain something Harry turned to Draco.

'What's wrong?' He whispered.

The blonde boy gave him an annoyed look. He was definitely not in a good mood.

'Nothing...'

Harry looked at him.

'Come on, Draco. Why are you squirming like that?'

He looked down. Why did he always have to notice?

'I need to use the bathroom okay. I woke up late this morning and I didn't have time to...'

He couldn't finish his sentence cause Snape walked back to his desk.

'Silence!' He yelled.

Draco didn't say anything anymore. He crossed his legs tightly trying to hold back the flow when suddenly a wave of desperation hit him. He felt miserable. He just really, really had to go now.

Snape looked at the class with an evil grin on his face.

'I think it's time for a test...' He said while taking some papers.

All of the students were scared for a test but they didn't say anything. Snape started handing out the tests.

When he was done he walked back to his desk and sat down.

'You have till the end of this class to finish this test. Make sure you're on time. And no cheating!'

It was completely silent and everyone started filling in their test. It was a test about how to make advanced potions and it was really complicated.

For Hermione, it was peace of cake of course.

Harry thought it was extremely difficult but then he noticed Malfoy and he knew it was worse for him.

The poor blonde boy was squirming all the time, squeezing his thighs together to prevent himself from peeing.

He was really desperate now and he was sure he couldn't hold it until the end of class. It really started to hurt him...

His painfully full bladder also was distracting him from concentrating on the test. He just couldn't think clear. He was going to fail the test anyway. His father would be so mad...

He couldn't take it anymore. Another wave of desperation hit him and he felt some wetness in his underwear. He was peeing...

No, please no, not here Draco... He tried to tell himself and he panicked now cause he knew he couldn't hold on much longer.

He crossed his legs as tight as he could and closed his eyes trying to concentrate on holding it. All of his muscles were working together but he knew he couldn't do this for long. It was just exhausting.

Draco wasn't feeling good. The unbearable pressure on his bladder was making him feel kinda dizzy and even a little nauseous.

He didn't have any other choice now. He had to ask Snape, he couldn't take this anymore.

Draco opened his eyes again, he took a quick look at his pants and robe, but nothing had happened yet.

He felt so embarrassed but he knew he had to do this.

He raised his hand and noticed he was shaking. Harry saw what was happening and felt sorry for him. He had been in this situation before. He know how horrible it was.

Snape decided to ignore him for a while and Draco only got more desperate. He felt so horrible right now. His bladder was hurting so bad he just couldn't hold it anymore. He couldn't help but grabbing his crotch with his left hand that he was hiding under his desk.

Cause he kept raising his hand, Professor Snape looked at him.

'Yes, Mr. Malfoy?' He said annoyed.

'Could I...please be excused sir...?' Malfoy asked with a shaky voice.

He hoped no one was paying attention but some students definitely were.

'And why Mr. Malfoy?' Snape asked, as if he knew how horrible it was for him to tell this.

'I...I need to use the bathroom sir...' Draco answered quietly.

Snape sighed.

Draco knew what was coming now. He felt worse every minute and the pain in his bladder was just unbearable.

'You're making a test and if you leave the classroom you have to hand in the test. It's far from finished from what I see...'

Draco looked down. He couldn't do it anymore. It was hurting so much and he was about to pee himself, right in front of everyone.

'Please sir...' He answered, almost begging.

'It's an emergency...' He said while squirming in his seat, worse then ever. Snape should've known that he wasn't lying. He was way too embarrassed to admit that he needed to go. If it wasn't urgent he wouldn't have asked.

'Finish your test!' Snape answered.

Draco had to do his best not to cry.

'But sir...I can't hold it...'

'I said finish your test! And if I were you I would stop talking now or I'll give you another detention!'

He didn't say anything anymore. He honestly didn't care anymore either.

Another wave of desperation hit him and he bended over, holding his crotch trying to hold it as good as he could but he just couldn't do it anymore. Pee started dripping in his underwear and he squeezed but it didn't help. He was wetting himself... First it was just a little but he couldn't stop and the pee started gushing out, filling his underwear and his chair.

No no please...

He had to stop!! How hard he tried, he just couldn't, the warm pee now started running down his left leg, making a puddle on the ground.

Harry noticed a hissing sound and knew what was happening. He couldn't help but look next to him and see Malfoy wetting himself.

'Draco...'

He ignored Harry and still tried to stop peeing. He felt like he was about to cry...

Suddenly Snape noticed the puddle on the floor. He got up and walked to Draco looking at him.

'What are you doing, Mr. Malfoy?' He asked, annoyed and surprised at the same time.

Draco didn't answer and felt tears running down his face.

Don't cry, you're only making it worse...

He just couldn't help it.

He was still peeing when Snape was standing next to him but he tried and forced himself to stop. Surprisingly he managed to stop the flow, but he still wasn't done. He still had to go. Badly...

Just wait now ok? It's already bad enough...

Snape was still looking at him.

'Unbelievable...' He nodded his head. Draco didn't look at him.

He was still crying.

'Can you come with me for a moment, Mr. Malfoy?' Snape asked then. 'I want to talk to you about this.'...

Could it get worse? He just wet himself in front of the whole class and now Snape asked him to get up and follow him?

Draco felt even worse than before but he knew he had no other choice. He got up, leaving a wet chair behind him and walked behind Snape who was going to the office next to the classroom.

'Everyone is quite while me and Mr. Malfoy are having our conversation!' He said before opening the door to his office and getting inside.

Draco followed him. He was shaking and he had to force himself to stop crying. This was ridiculous!

His grey trousers were all wet and it felt warm and sticky. The worst part was that he still needed to pee. He knew he couldn't hold it for long cause his bladder was just way too sore from the holding.

Snape sat down on the chair.

'Take a seat...' Said Snape. Draco did what he asked and Snape realized that this wasn't such a good idea since Draco's trousers and robe were drenched with pee.

'Shouldn't have said that. Anyway, Mr. Malfoy. I wanted to talk to you about something. I feel like you're not feeling that good lately. Isn't it?'

He was not going to talk about this.

Draco tried his best to ignore his throbbing bladder and gave Snape the same annoyed look as usual.

'No.'

'Strange...' Snape answered nodding his head.

'Then why are you wetting yourself? There must be a reason...'

Draco was embarrassed he wanted to cry again but he made sure he didn't. He squirmed a little and looked at Snape.

'There isn't.'

'Sure...you do it for fun, I propose?'

That grin afterwards.

Malfoy was getting really annoyed, especially since he still needed to pee.

'It was just an accident...' He admitted shyly.

'Boys your age do not have accidents like this anymore, Draco.'

He didn't look at him. He looked down at his shoes and started moving on his seat.

'I don't wanna have this conversation with you now, sir.' He said then.

Snape looked at him, the fake surprised face.

'Why not? Don't tell me you want to finish your test because that was a disaster anyway.' The professor answered.

Draco felt bad.

He really needed to pee...

'No sir...I need to...' He was so embarrassed. 'Use the bathroom...' He finished his sentence.

Snape laughed.

'Mr. Malfoy, you just went! I'm not that stupid. Like I said, I can feel something is going on and I will have to talk to your father about this...'

Draco looked up when he said that. Not his father, please! If he knew about this he would kill him!

He just felt worse every minute. He just had to pee, okay? Why couldn't he just let him go? He was seriously done with everything...

It was so hard holding it and he felt so horrible.

Snape was just looking at him without saying anything.

Draco just couldn't take it anymore. His bladder was cramping and the urge to pee was now worse than before.

'Talk to me, Draco.' Snape said then, he noticed the boy was very uncomfortable.

'No.' Even though he felt this bad he wasn't giving in.

'Draco...'

He could feel more wetness in his underwear, warm and new wetness. He was losing it again...

'Sir...I need to...'

'Don't interrupt me!' Snape yelled.

Draco didn't say anything. He squeezed his thighs together to try and stop himself from peeing but the warm pee was running down his leg.

'Sir...I need to...' He tried again.

Snape was very mad and wanted to yell but Draco didn't care anymore. He got up, this caused him to pee some more, held his crotch and ran out of Snape's office. The bathroom was at the end of the hallway. He couldn't make it...

'Mr. Malfoy! Come back!' Snape yelled, as he got up from behind his desk and walked to the door of his office.

Draco ignored his teacher and ran as fast as he could, pee running down his legs.

When he finally arrived in the boys bathroom he just couldn't do it anymore. He didn't even try to get into the closest stall, he just stood there and let it happen.

Draco was peeing forcefully, the warm pee was running down his legs causing his grey trousers to get drenched even more. He was shaking and crying but he honestly didn't care anymore.

When he was done there was a huge puddle on the floor. His bladder was sore from holding it so long and he felt empty. Not only his bladder but in general. It had been exhausting to hold it this long, he had put so much effort in it. And he failed. Again. Thinking about this made him cry even harder. He turned around and walked to the sink to look in the mirror. Looking at himself only made it worse. How pathetic! Even though he was sad this made him angry as well. He was 15 and he just peed himself. If his father would hear about this...

Suddenly the door of the boys bathroom opened and Draco held his breath, fearing it was Snape who would walk in. But it wasn't. It was Harry. The brown haired boy walked up to him with a worried look on his face.

'Draco? Are you okay?' Harry couldn't help it and put his hand on Draco's shoulder, just to get in touch with him. Malfoy had now stopped crying, cause he didn't want Harry to see and he gave Potter an annoyed look.

'Does it look like I am?' He answered coldly.

'No...sorry..' Harry said, not knowing what he could say to help.

He looked at Draco, at his wet pants and at the puddle on the floor. He must have been holding it for quite a long time... Poor boy. He felt so bad for him. The hatred Draco always caused Harry to have towards him was now completely gone.

Harry couldn't help it and came closer to him, holding him to try and clam him down but it didn't have the effect he expected.

Draco pushed him away, trying to get away.

'Leave me alone...'

'Baby...I just want to help...'

Draco's sadness now had turned into anger. The anger he always had.

'I'm not your baby and you can't help. So please leave me alone.' He said with a shaking voice.

Harry looked down.

'Sorry...Draco I just...'

'Are you deaf or something, Potter?' Draco yelled. 'I said leave me alone!'

Harry was shocked. He wasn't expecting this. He had hoped Draco would accept his help, but no. Instead of that he just got back into his old habits. It made Harry sad and confused. They had been so close last days and now this happened...

He decided to just leave and do what Draco asked him to. Leave him alone. Even though it wasn't right...

Harry looked at him once again. He looked miserable but he didn't want to admit it. Typically. Harry didn't say anything anymore and walked out of the boys bathroom. Feeling bad.

Draco was now alone again and started crying, for the third time. He knew Snape was going to tell his father about this and this wasn't going to turn out good...

*002*2017-06-09 18:50

{{21 hours ago, Brittanybunny said:

Please keep going, this is great!

}}

Thank you! There will be more soon:)

