Desperation and Farting

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-12-20 21:05

Here's a story about desperation and farting in one. Partially in response to a "fart omorashi" thread. Anyone who is put off by farts, do not read this. Also, this time will be OC since my EqG stories don't get a lot of views. They are not meant to resemble any real persons.

Sorry if it gets a bit stretchy. My stories often do.

###

Four girls were going on a long summer roadtrip, staying overnight, and would be heading back next afternoon. They were all in their early twenties. Ashley, who was driving, had dark hair, and was wearing a red T-shirt and black leggings. Tracy, who was in the front seat, had blonde hair in a ponytail, and was wearing a pink tank top and teal miniskirt. Michelle, who was in the left back seat, had brown hair and wore a black T-shirt and jeans. Sunny, who was in the right back seat, had long blonde hair and wore a white tank top and short, tight jean shorts. She was the most attractive of the four.

Before they left their city, they each got a bottle of water to drink along the way. While Ashley, Tracy, and Michelle got water bottles which they drank sparingly, Sunny also got an extra large slushy and drank it all before they were even outside the city.

Only 15 minutes into the drive, Sunny felt her stomach gurgle. She figured she was just hungry, so she ate some crackers they had brought for the trip.

Her stomach gurgled and cramped over the next few minutes, until a powerful and unpleasant feeling hit her. She needed to fart. Bad. Maybe having beans for breakfast wasn't such a good idea.

She held it in, trying her hardest not to fart in the car with her three friends, but the pressure was growing more intense. She had been in this situation before but always was able to hold it until she could find somewhere quiet to let it all out.

"You all right, Sunny?" Michelle asked, noticing Sunny's discomfort.

"I'm fine," said Sunny.

A few minutes later, she was really having trouble holding it. She wasn't sure if she could keep from farting before the first gas station. Her stomach gurgled loudly and she groaned.

"Are you sure you're all right?" Michelle asked.

Before Sunny could answer, she couldn't hold it anymore.

BBBBBBBBBRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRT! PPRRRRT!

She blushed as a loud, long, deep-pitched fart made its way out of her, followed by a shorter but equally loud fart.

"Phew," said Ashley, opening all the windows of the car. Then she, Tracy, and Michelle giggled.

Sunny also giggled, a bit nervously. "Excuse me," she said. "I had beans for breakfast."

"That'll do that to you," said Tracy.

Sunny was still blushing a little, but wasn't overly embarrassed. She'd probably laugh about it in the future, for all four of them thought farts were funny.

About a half hour into the trip, an urge of a different kind hit Sunny. She had to pee. But she was sure she could hold it, so she hid her desperation.

As they approached the first gas station, Ashley asked "Anyone have to go to the bathroom?"

"No," said Tracy and Michelle.

"I'm fine," said Sunny. She did have to go but she thought she could hold it.

But with all she drank to day, soon she had to pee really badly. She crossed her legs and fidgeted.

"If you have to fart again, just fart," said Michelle.

Sunny giggled a bit, then said "No, I have to pee."

"Why didn't you say so before the gas station?" Ashley asked.

"I thought I could hold it."

"You shouldn't have drank that extra large slushy," said Tracy.

"And that big coffee with breakfast," said Sunny. "I should've gone before we left."

"You'll just have to hold it till the next gas station," said Ashley.

"How far is it?"

"About an hour."

Sunny groaned and fidgeted more.

Over the next hour, Sunny's desperation increased. Her bladder was very full and she was squirming harder than ever. She accidentally farted a few times, which made the other girls giggle.

"Ooh... I have to go pee real bad!" Sunny crossed her legs tighter than ever and kept fidgeting.

Finally they reached the gas station. Ashley pulled into a parking spot and Sunny ran into the gas station and searched for the bathroom. To her dismay it had an Out of Order sign on it. She groaned and ran back to the car.

"That was fast," said Tracy.

"It's out of order," said Sunny, holding herself and fidgeting.

"Then you'll have to hold it till we reach our destination," said Ashley.

"I don't think I'm gonna make it." Sunny really needed to go.

As they took off, she leaked a bit into her pink panties. She squirmed and crossed her legs, but over the next ten minutes she leaked a few more times, dampening her shorts. She had never experienced this level of desperation before. After these ten minutes, she knew she was about to burst.

"I can't... hold it... any longer..."

Her overflowing bladder gave out. Sunny began peeing uncontrollably, soaking her jean shorts and the seat where she sat. She couldn't help but sigh in relief.

The hissing sound was audible to all the other girls, as was the pee smell. They couldn't help but giggle.

Sunny peed for about a minute, enjoying the relief and even the warm wetness. When she finished, she said "Ah, that's better."

"Are you all right?" Michelle asked.

"I wet my shorts." Sunny blushed lightly but giggled. It was kind of funny, and she'd always laugh whenever someone wet themselves in a movie.

The other girls laughed with her.

"Did you bring a change of clothes this time?" Michelle asked.

"No," said Sunny. She always slept in what she was wearing and wore it on the trip back. So she had to stay in her wet shorts until they dried. But she didn't mind too much. Wetting herself wasn't a huge deal for her. She let out a wet fart, and they all laughed.

...

They had lots of fun in the other city during the day, and then at night they went to the hotel bar for a few drinks.

While the other girls had a moderate amount to drink, Sunny drank lots of beer and got really drunk. In the end, Michelle had to carry her back to their room, while Ashley and Tracy shared another room. Michelle carried Sunny over her shoulder. Her shorts had dried but they still smelled of pee.

"I have to go to the bathroom," Sunny said drunkenly.

"You have to go to bed," said Michelle.

Sunny farted in Michelle's face. Michelle giggled and patted Sunny's butt lightly.

Michelle got Sunny into her bed and then lay in her own bed. Sunny farted several times in her sleep, and then Michelle could hear a soft hissing sound. Sunny was wetting the bed.

...

Sunny woke up the next morning really hung over. "Whoa. How much did I drink last night?"

"Too much," said Michelle, who was already awake.

Sunny felt her wet shorts and the wet spot on the mattress under her. She sat up and pulled her sheets back. "Oopsie... I wet the bed." She blushed, but giggled.

Ashley and Tracy laughed when they found out. As usual Sunny wasn't overly embarrassed and found it kind of funny. Of course she had to ride back home in wet shorts. She drank another big slushy before the trip, and when she had to pee, she just went in her shorts, and all four girls laughed.

When they got home, the other girls gave her a bath in her pee-soaked outfit at her house. She didn't object, she thought it would be fun, and it was. She farted in the tub a few times, which made all of them laugh.

*002*2019-12-21 06:18

{{4 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantasmic story I enjoyed reading it

}}

Thanks. Once again you're one of the very few who did. (I'm starting to think this isn't an EqG thing now)

