Fluttershy's Pee Accident

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-01-24 05:53

I've lost a lot of confidence in writing but I'm hoping I can get it back, so posting an omorashi story on a site dedicated to it where the stories don't have to be really high quality might be what I need. This won't be a super-detailed long story, and I know not a lot of people read my stories here.

A My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic fanfic. This will be pony Fluttershy, and will also contain a fart scene. If you want a story for her without farts, though a longer one, go here

.

Fluttershy's Pee Accident

Fluttershy was flying another aerial relay race with Rainbow Dash today. She spent a lot of time practicing in her new sports outfit, a white tank top and skintight green shorts, which were soaked with sweat by the time she was done, as was Rainbow Dash's white tank top and skintight dark blue shorts. She drank a lot of water, and a bit of cider.

Finally, it came time for the race. By the time Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash arrived at the race with Bulk Biceps, the sweat had evaporated off them.

They flew the race against the three jocks, which was more friendly than Rainbow's first race with them. Rainbow Dash was impressed that Fluttershy flew faster than before. Her outfit was once again damp with sweat by the time she reached Rainbow Dash, who won the race.

Because they respected her now, the jocks congratulated Rainbow Dash, and everyone had a lot of drinks of water. Once everyone went their separate ways, Rainbow Dash took Fluttershy on a walk through a forest full of creatures to celebrate how she did in the race.

The sweat had evaporated off Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash again. They talked for a while, until Fluttershy felt she needed to pee.

"Um... Rainbow Dash?"

"Yes?"

"I... have to go to the bathroom."

"Well, there's an outhouse just outside the forest."

Fluttershy ran back the way she had came. As she ran, her need to pee increased, and in under a minute she was very desperate from everything she drank. She could feel the pee sloshing inside her as she reached the outhouse.

To her dismay, it was taken. She held herself and did the pee dance as she waited for whoever was inside to come out.

Finally, the pony inside came out. Fluttershy ran into the outhouse and locked the door, but at that moment, it was all over for her.

Fluttershy started peeing, and she quickly sat on the toilet so she didn't make a puddle on the floor.

She started to tear up as she peed in her shorts, soaking them as the pee passed through them and splashed into the toilet below. After about 40 seconds of peeing, she had to admit to herself the relief felt nice, and the warm feeling. For the moment, it overrode the shame of using her shorts as a toilet.

After just under two minutes, Fluttershy finished peeing. The crotch and butt of her shorts were soaked, and she started to feel ashamed again.

She let out a loud fart, giggling a bit because she thought farts were funny when no one was around, and then she stood up and walked out of the outhouse.

"Hey Fluttershy, feeling better?" said Rainbow Dash, who was now standing there.

"I... I didn't make it..." Fluttershy blushed.

"Hey, don't feel bad Fluttershy. Here, I drank a lot of water too and I was waiting for you to come out." She sighed as she let go and started wetting herself. She enjoyed the feeling of it even more than Fluttershy, blushing lightly at doing this in front of her.

"Oh Rainbow Dash, you didn't have to do that," said Fluttershy.

"It's no big deal," said Rainbow Dash. "Between you and me, I always do it at home when no one's around. This isn't the first time I wet myself, but you're the first pony to see it."

Fluttershy gave Rainbow Dash a hug, not caring that Rainbow was still peeing. Rainbow patted Fluttershy's butt lightly, which Fluttershy liked.

And something told her she was going to have a lot of fun with Rainbow Dash from now on.

The end

*003*2018-01-24 09:34

I wouldn't call it anything special, let alone truly amazing or excellent, but thanks, I appreciate that.

Maybe I will continue to write omo stories here when I think of them. Except I'd probably have to use my other fetishes (farts and buttplay) sparingly, or not at all. (Though messing is allowed here I could at least combine it with a wetting story if I wanted to, or make it the main focus)

*004*2018-01-29 07:08

I forgot to add the right tags to this... no matter, so few people read my stories anyway even here. Though at least I've never gotten any negative reviews here

