[Dragonage Origins] Leliana's wet night

Author: thebeatgoeson22

*000*2014-10-16 00:23

It's been a while since I've posted any fiction, finally sat down and wrote this. I tried to accomidate several sub-fetishes in to this, I hope it doesn't offend anybody. As always, I welcome comments and criticisms!

Leliana lay on her bedroll, looking up at the stars. Her party had made camp just before sunset, having a rather tiring, though profitable day adventuring though the forest. She was glad they had chosen this place; surrounded by trees and brush, they were hidden from the night, but the clearing gave way to a beautiful view of the skies above. There had been much merriment earlier, as a few rare bottles of Antivan brandy- a powerful drink said to relax the mind and body, putting you both in a state of ease, and of heightened sensory perception- had been found in a derelict shack the group had stumbled upon in the forest. Of course, they had decided to make use of the rare liquor, as the party had been working hard fighting against the blight of the land, and there was hardly any left, save one bottle they had agreed to selling for a hearty sum. As they drank, the effects of the intoxicant became very apparent.

They all immediately felt relaxed, as if on a merry vacation. Conversation flowed between them all, Leliana had even had a very enjoyable conversation with Morrigan, an apostate mage who... did not care too much for her. But under the spell of the drink they talked of memories past and laughed at immature jokes that they did not tell loudly enough for the rest of the group to hear. A wild beast had served as dinner, combined with a few select vegetables that had been picked over the past few days, a hearty stew was served, as well as loaves of bread, ripe fruits, and of course, plenty of brandy.

Leliana had played her lute, singing the songs of taverns she had visited in her travels, and they danced into the evening. One by one, the party began to tire, the other effects of the Antivan brandy taking their toll. The elf was the first to go, then the knight, after that Morrigan walked off a ways to her bedroll, separated by a small distance from the others. The leader of the group, a stout dwarf, was the last to go, finally nearly falling into his bed. Leliana had been lying there, pretending to be asleep for nearly an hour before she was assured the rest of the group was asleep. Even Charles, the warhound, snored loudly from behind a rock near the entrance to their campsite. This is what she had been waiting for.

The 25 year old redhead was a good girl now, but she hadn't always been. Her rough and rowdy past had always stayed with her, even after joining the Chantry, she never minded spilling blood, looting, or indulging in risque fantasies involving attractive young men or fair maidens alike. She thought briefly of her old lover, Marjolaine, and the adventures they had had together. Quickly, she banished that thought and replaced it with her current desire. As far back as she could remember, she had been fascinated with the act of... relieving herself. She blushed under the darkness as she though of it.

As a girl, she used to wet her bed most nights, and found herself chided and scolded by her mother. She began to try very hard to hold her water in, and found quickly that she enjoyed the sensation of holding it in as long as she could, until she was near bursting. As a result, she developed a fancy for relieving herself in unusual places, where ever she might be when she could no longer take the pressure. All manner of places had served as her relief, and her mind returned to some of them now...

Earlier in the evening, she had relieved herself twice, both times more conventionally behind a large rock as to not arouse any suspicion. The first time, she had already been thinking about it and had become a little flustered. Checking over her shoulder to make sure she was out of sight she hitched up her robes and began to go. Her stream shot out noisily and splattered over the ground in front of her. She became transfixed on the sensation of emptying herself, and at the sight of her hot liquid flooding the ground at her feet. She absent-mindedly cupped her hand over her sex, and gasped as the warm fluid flowed over her hand and through her fingers. Not a moment before she had stopped, she heard a twig snap behind her.

“Don't mind if I join you?” said a slurred female voice. It was Morrigan. Leliana blushed bright red, though she was confident Morrigan would not be able to see in the twilight.

“Oh, of course... I am finished now anyway.” She stood up, careful not to muddy her shoes with her water, and dropped her robes back down. As she began to step aside, she couldn't help but notice Morrigan's breasts, only barely hidden beneath a loosely draped shawl. “My goodness, she's certainly a sight for my eyes...” she thought. The second time she had gone to do her business, she had made sure to hold her liquid until after she saw Morrigan return from the rock the second time.

She had to cross her legs out of desperation during this waiting period, drawing strange looks for just a moment from two of her party members. The relief she felt the second time was near orgasmic, as she sprayed her jet forcefully from between her creamy thighs, leaning back and spreading her legs wide, she moaned quietly in the night, careful to listen for any approaching intruders. This was when she formed her idea. She would wait until the party had gone to sleep, holding her golden nectar inside herself until she could take it no more, and then she would pee where she pleased.

And now that time had come. She was already wet with anticipation, mind running furiously over all the places she wished to relieve herself, and had been near bursting for the past 20 minutes. She quietly began to sit up, but immediately lie back down, as the pressure her well-defined abdominal muscles placed on her bladder was too much. She giggled under her breath, “perfect!”

She rolled on to her side, and was met with an unbearable dull ache from her midsection. “Hmm,” she thought, “how am I to get up then?” As she lie in her makeshift bed, the throbbing reminder inside her urging her to think faster, she came to a pleasant conclusion: “I'll just have to let a little out right here, so that I may get up.” She lie motionless, listening to the soft buzz of the insects in the forest, and the gentle snoring of her drunken party members around her, and tried to let go. But her water wouldn't come.

For some reason, she was nervous. She had never actually willingly peed in this close proximity to anyone before, and the though that any of them could wake at an instant and catch her doing something so naughty haunted her bladder. The pressure was getting to be too much for her to handle. One way or another, she knew something would come out soon. She closed her eyes and relaxed her body for a moment, and felt the familiar sensation of her liquid coming. A trickle escaped from her lips, running down her leg and soaking in to her chantry robes. The trickle turned in to a small stream, but it wasn't enough. Her breathing already quickening at her naughty deed, she pushed.

HSSHSHSHHTT!

She sealed her leak instantly, mortified that her loud hiss may have woken somebody. Her robes had formed a warm, damp spot beneath her. She lay quiet for a full minute, listening for something to indicate she had been found out. But there was nothing. Still the insects buzzed, and still her companions snored softly. Cautiously, she relaxed her hold on her hot liquid and let another trickle escape. She turned to her side and continued to pee, her water running down both the front and back side of her leg, creating a damp path in her robes from her crotch to the ground under her. She stopped again, less suddenly this time, and sat up very slowly. She pushed her blanket away and looked down at her robes, damp with her pee. In the starlight it was difficult to see the wet patches, but she could certainly feel their warmth sticking to her legs and ass. She was very turned on.

She stalked quietly to the center of the campground, looking around her at all her sleeping comrades, and a shiver ran up her spine with the though of what she was doing. She relaxed, standing there amongst her friends, and felt her warm water flow slowly down her leg and into the grass. She shifted positions and spread her legs just a bit, and felt her girlish trickle spray forward into her robes before pattering softly on to the ground at her feet. She sealed off her urine and quietly began to walk to her next target.

Alistair was a handsome young man, but perhaps a bit naive. She had, on a couple nights, masturbated herself to a stifled orgasm under her blankets at the though of him removing his armor, taking off her robes, lowering himself on to her... she shook the thoughts of it out of her head now, as she was about to engage in something much more forbidden. Making her way to Alistair's bedroll, she found him fast asleep, face buried in his pillow. She squatted next to the sleeping knight, without hiking up her robes, and began to let her piss out. She was still very full, and her body now in a familiar position, it didn't take long for her to really flow.

Her golden girl-liquor rushed out, into, and though her thick robes. She was taken aback at how readily she was able to pee not three feet away from this sleeping man's face. She restricted her flow, much to her discomfort, and felt the hot stream run down her rear, soaking the fabric through. After another couple seconds, she forced herself to stop so that she may find her relief in other ways. She stood, quietly turning and walking away from her second naughty deed.

Now she faced a conundrum: where to finish her pee? “Maybe in the fire? No, too much noise... Hmm, what about near the elf? No, no...” she had already done that with Alistair. Suddenly, it hit her. Morrigan. She had been eyeing the sexy witch all night, wishing to have a peak beneath that small patch of cloth under which Morrigan hid her ample chest. “I'll bet I can take a peak while I do it,” she thought, instantly horny. She made her way across the clearing towards Morrigan's camp, being extra careful to be quiet now. Her bladder still ached, but it was easily manageable now. She realized as she sneaked across the land that she was absolutely dripping wet, not just from her girl-water, but from the excitement of the forbidden acts she had just performed, and even more by the one she was about to. She lowered herself to her hands and knees, and ever-so-slowly crept up on the sleeping beauty.

The young witch lay face up, head turned away from the horny rogue, her blanket only covering up to her stomach, her round, firm breasts heaving up and down with her slow breathing in the dim light. Leliana had to close her mouth or the sound of her heavy breathing might have awakened the sleeping vixen. Morrigan slept near the edge of a small plateau, the slight declining slope, Leliana thought, would be the prefect excuse to let her bladder empty itself completely. All of her hot liquid would simply run down the hill behind her, and nobody would be any the wiser come sunrise.

She reached between her thighs and pulled her robe to her waist, completely exposing her bare backside to the woods. A bright red tuft of pubic hair poked out from under her pale pink, glistening slit, her legs and ass shown under the starlight, wet with her piss. She blushed bright red, fortunately nobody could see her. She released the smallest trickle of her pent-up pee, it ran over her mons, and down her stomach in to her robe. Another shiver ran up her spine. She inched closer to Morrigan's beautiful bosom, reached out her hand, and released another small spurt of her urine. This one pattered softly on to the dirt behind her. She was more horny than she had ever been in her life. With the tip of her index finger, she hooked the fabric of Morrigan's robe, and pulled back to reveal a soft, pink nipple, about the size of a silver coin. She gasped quietly, and released a spray of her piss.

TSSSSSSSSSSST

She stopped. In her aroused state, she feared her girl-parts would make too much noise if she continued to go in that position. She lowered herself so that her thighs were flush with the hard-packed dirt below her, and tested her new position by peeing forcefully. A hushed gurgle was all that came form under her robe. She was satisfied. Morrigan's soft nipple was still exposed, but had become erect in the cool night air. Leliana wanted desperately to touch it, but she knew she could not. As she stared lustfully at the young woman's exposed breast, she began to relieve herself again. “This is it,” the horny redhead thought, “I shall have my relief here, next to this divine lady of the darkness.” She relaxed fully and began to gush liquid from the slit between her legs. As the puddle ran down the hill behind her, it soaked the back of her robes, but she did not care, her robes were already quite wet. Morrigan stirred.

Leliana was back in her bedroll. It was deep in the middle of the night, perhaps two hours after Morrigan had awakened. Leliana had barely made it back to her bedroll, pulled up the blankets, and tried to rest her hurried breathing before the young witch was up, half asleep, and looking for what ever it was that had woken her. She cast a dim yellow light at the end of her staff, akin to a bright candle, and had walked around the camp, suspiciously eyeing all possible entrances and exits to the site. She then proceeded to sit, in the darkness, in the middle of the camp, keeping vigilant watch for nearly two hours.

After realizing that she had gotten away with her naughty doings, Leliana was still desperately horny. She had wished for Morrigan to leave so she might masturbate, but no such luck. Her sex burnt between her thighs, at times it was unbearable. She had briefly given in and slipped a finger over her clitoris, sending spasms of pleasure through her body so intense, that she barely overcame the urge to moan. A quiet shudder under her blanket in her wet robes was all that came through.

But 10 minutes ago, Morrigan had started snoring, soon after giving up her watch and going to bed. Leliana had, in the first 3 minutes, quickly rubbed herself to orgasm, doing her very best to stifle her moans, and let her quiet gasps out in to her pillow, finally coming so hard her head spun. Now she faced a different problem. She needed more relief... She knew she dare not move form her bedroll again, not with Morrigan surely sleeping so lightly. She, for the second time this night, realized she would have to go in her bed.

She spread her legs wide, and rubbed over her hot slit with her hand, she was excited again. But she knew she was already pressing her luck with her golden-stained robes as they were, and certainly if she went any more right here, there would be a wet spot under her in the morning. She grew more desperate every second, until she had an idea. She gently reached in to her pack that lie next to her pillow, and pulled out an empty brandy bottle. She smiled in the darkness at what she was about to do. “Maybe I can sell it... you know, it's a golden potion! Or my 'rare fine brandy',” she giggled under her breath.

Her bladder was again aching for release. She uncorked the bottle and, lying perfectly flat, held the mouth to her spread lips. She was actually fairly practiced at peeing in bottles, it was actually one of her favorite things to do when she had nowhere else to go. She recalled as a young girl, the first time she had tried to pee in a bottle and her stream had gone everywhere but. Ever since then, she'd be practicing. A wave of pressure from her bulging bladder brought her back to the present, and signaled the release of her “liquor”. She delighted in lying in her bed, still wearing her wet robes, in her post-orgasm bliss, absolutely and completely releasing herself. Her urine flowed fast and hard directly down the throat of the bottle, her tortured bladder finally getting to fully release it had craved all night. She again fought back the urge to moan with pleasure. She heard the bottle begin to fill and in sudden panic, clenched off her flow.

“Damn! What do I do now?!” she thought. She was maybe only half empty now, but her bladder wouldn’t take no for an answer this time. She felt herself begin to leak a little, as her muscles weakened. Then she knew. She sat up slightly, causing more hot nectar to escape from her sex, and raised the vessel to her mouth. She drank deeply of her warm urine; she had never tasted any before, let alone her own. It was mostly flavorless, a little bit salty, and a little bit sweet, and tasted slightly of the brandy she had consumed earlier.

She liked it. She stopped when she had neared the bottom of the bottle, and returned it to her waiting vulva. She released the remainder of her piss without care or mercy, letting herself flow until not a single extra drop would come out. Fortunately for her, there was just enough room at the top to put the cork in it. She laughed quietly to herself at what she had just done and set the bottle to the side of her bed. She had just had nearly a whole bottle of her own girl-liquor. Her face turned flush again, and she became aroused at the thought. She very quietly then brought herself to orgasm again, and promptly fell asleep.

She awoke with the sunrise, springing up from her bed, all too aware of the state she had fallen asleep in. She looked around. Across the campsite she saw Morrigan cleaning up her area. Nobody else was up yet. “Whew,” she sighed, “better clean myself up quickly.” Grabbing her pack and holding in in a way that her slightly stained robes could not be seen, she walked sleepily over to the party's loot chest. The previous day they had happened upon some light leather armor that she had been interested in. It looked to be just her size. Now was the perfect time to try it on. She removed the armor set from the case, and carried it away from the camp a short distance until she was obscured from view behind a large grouping of brush and small trees.

She stripped out of her soiled robes, exposing her nude, fit body to the forest. Her pale skin glowed in the morning light, and for a moment she stood, caressing herself under the brush. She realized she needed to relieve herself once again, and after looking around quickly, squatted over a young sapling. From under her ginger-colored patch of hair, a yellow stream shot out, splattering over the little tree and over the dirt. She sighed in pleasure, remembering her horny acts from the night. With a jolt, she remembered her bottle of “brandy”. She had left it lying next to her bed, completely out in the open! Her heart began to race. What if somebody had found it!? She finished her pee and in record time had donned and fitted the armor. It was very comfortable for her, but she had no time to appreciate it just then. She rushed back to the camp.

Alistair and the dwarf were up now, lighting a fire to reheat some meat for breakfast. They looked haggard and half asleep from all the drink they had consumed. They looked so pathetic, Leliana had to laugh to herself. Returning to her bedroll, the bottle was nowhere in sight! Trying to be casual about it, she dropped her pack and began to rummage through it, hoping she had tucked the bottle away without remembering, but she could not find it. A feeling of anxiety swept over her and through her gut.

Somebody must have found it, or maybe the dog took it an buried it somewhere? Her mind raced though possible scenarios. As calmly as she could manage, she began to pack her bedroll. A quick peak under her sleeping spot revealed that the packed dirt was still slightly damp, but not as much as she had feared. Lifting the roll, she shuffled some loose dirt over the spot, pleased that it hid so well. She declined to eat when the boys offered her some. Her mind was still racing, trying to figure out what happened.

About 15 minutes had passed, the camp was up and about, and they were nearly ready to head out. Leliana sat quiet on the grass, not knowing whether to be embarrassed or relieved that she had lost the evidence of her naughty deeds. As the group gathered to leave, Leliana looked up to see Morrigan standing idly in front of her. In her hand was a glass vessel, half full of a light-golden liquid, showing like sunlight in the ornate bottle. Leliana's heart stopped, and she could not have hidden the expression on her face if she had tried. Smiling slyly, Morrigan said as she uncorked the bottle, “Well, come on girl. We won't wait all morning for you.” She lifted the bottle to her lips, and drank deeply from it.

