The Ultrasound - An Audio Story

Author: tedted

*000*2024-09-13 13:47

Here's another story in the series!

This story makes brief references to 'The Lifeguard

' but it's not critical to have heard that in order to understand what's going on.

And despite my best efforts it's once again come out at roughly half an hour long..

If you have any ideas or suggestions for future recordings please feel free to let me know. I can't promise anything, but I'd enjoy hearing any ideas you might have.

As always, contains female desperation, wetting, bad language and themes of a sexual nature. This is a work of fiction and any similarity to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. Enjoy!

&&

%the-ultrasound.mp3

*002*2024-09-14 07:39

Well, it's certainly a lot quieter than my last visit. That's for sure. And I still can't get over how posh this place is. This has to be the largest waiting room I've ever sat in. It's enormous. You don't get oak-panelled doors and moulded ceilings on the NHS. And you certainly don't get a complimentary jug of cucumber-flavoured water to sip on whilst you wait. I'd actually never been to a private hospital before my last visit, especially not one that used to be a stately home.

But six weeks ago, after a routine checkup, my family doctor recommended I get an ultrasound. Don't worry, I'm not pregnant. That would have required a miracle. There was just something unusual with one of the test results, something to do with my urine sample. And I'm getting an ultrasound to be on the safe side. However, the NHS waiting times are a minimum of six months. So instead, my mother booked me in here.

Unfortunately, there was a slight issue with my previous scan. It was voided. In hindsight, I can't help but feel what happened was partially my fault, though I think it only fair that the doctor takes some of the blame as well. So that's why I'm here again. One month later, ready for round two, sat as instructed, with a very full bladder, legs tightly crossed, waiting for my turn with the doctor. Like a good little girl.

The receptionist told me I shouldn't have to wait too long this time. There's only one person ahead of me, and they're already being seen. She obviously knew why I was asking. She gave me a sympathetic look and politely asked that, if I felt like I was going to wet myself, could I at least try to make it to the toilet through the double doors over there? God, I bet she sees a lot of desperate girls, and inevitably a lot of accidents, a lot of wet pants, a lot of soggy bottoms. She basically has my dream job, receptionist in the ultrasound department.

Imagine how amazing that would be. I'd get to sit behind a desk all day and watch a steady stream of desperate girls come and go. Each doing their best to hold on to their bulging bladders, crossing their legs, squirming in their seats, pacing the room, doing the potty dance. I should have brought my CV. Now that I've finished volunteering at the leisure centre, I need to think about getting a proper weekend job, and at least here they would pay me.

I should probably explain what happened during my last visit, as I think you might enjoy it. I know I did. And anyway, it might help distract me from my growing need.

It all started the day before my appointment when I was lying on my bed waiting for Alice to come over. It was a Friday, but we had the day off because it was a teacher training day at school. My brothers had gone away for the weekend to a rugby tournament, and my mum and dad decided to join them, leaving me with the house all to myself.

I had just finished watching, for the millionth time, the CCTV tape I had taken from the leisure centre. Obviously I took the tape. Wouldn't you have? And anyway, it made a nice little souvenir to remember my time there. And watching struggling frantic Jen desperately disgrace herself in front of the instructor, was by far the only thing worth remembering. I left because after two long months there, I'd finally completed the necessary community service hours for my Duke of Edinburgh award. Now all we have left is the obligatory cross-country hike.

To be honest, I'm not sure how Alice is going to cope. As you can imagine, she's not the outdoorsy type and has the bladder of a seven-year-old. And we're going to be wild camping, so she'll have no choice but to drop her trousers and pants, squat, and water the grass. I bet we end up walking double the distance just searching for places that are deemed discreet enough for Alice to have a wee. I've only ever seen her successfully pee outside once before. We were in our local park and had each drank a can of cider, and she was on the absolute brink of wetting herself. I had to practically drag her behind some bushes, before helping her to take off her dungarees and pants, and reassure her that no one was going to see. I then showed her how to squat such that she didn't pee all over herself. I felt like a mother, with a little child who was having a toilet emergency and wasn't able to hold on before she got home. How she'll manage on a four-day hike, I can't imagine.

Anyway, emerging from my reverie, I checked my watch. It was 20 minutes until Alice was due to arrive, and as I lay there, blissfully enjoying the silence of the house, I fell asleep.

I awoke with a jolt, and quickly realising what had happened grabbed my phone to check the time. It was ten past three and I could see I had a voice message from Alice, possibly the best voice message I've ever received. In fact, it might be simpler if I just played it to you. I saved it for reasons that will soon become obvious. Let me get my phone.

Right.

[KEYPAD SOUNDS]

["OLD MESSAGES"]

[BEEP]

Robyn, where are you?

Why aren't you answering your phone?

But more importantly, why aren't you answering the door?

I really, really need the toilet. I drank a whole can of Red Bull this morning, and the toilets at the train station were closed for cleaning.

I thought I'd be able to use the toilets on the train, but they were out of order.

I was literally sat with my legs crossed for the whole journey. It was so embarrassing. I thought I was going to pee on the seat.

There were so many people on the train, there was even a boy who kept staring at me.

Please just come and answer the door. I'm not sure I can hold on much longer.

Oh God, Robyn! Why doesn't your local train station have a bathroom? It's ridiculous. What do they expect people who need the toilet to do?

Robyn, I'm so close to just peeing all over your front doorstep. Where are you?

I came so close to wetting myself in the park on the walk from the station, and that's exactly what's going to happen in a second, if you don't answer this door.

I even tried to pee in some bushes, but there were too many people around.

If you don't answer this door soon, I swear I might have to squat behind your bins, and it would serve you right.

Oh God, I think I just leaked. Please, I need a piss. Right, I'm going to try the back door.

[BEEP]

["END OF MESSAGE"]

Well as you can imagine that certainly got my attention. I don't think I've ever heard Alice use the word "piss" before. I could see that she had left the message just a couple of minutes ago, so I quickly got up off the bed and headed downstairs. As I entered the kitchen I felt my heart rate quicken. Through the window above the sink, which looks out at our back-garden. I was greeted by the most incredible sight.

Alice was stood on the lawn with one hand firmly clasped between her legs, frantically jogging on the spot. She then stopped, whipped one leg over the other while keeping her hand in place, and then awkwardly bent forward, chewing her lip. She briefly held this position before uncrossing her legs and proceeding to rapidly bounce up and down, pushing her bottom out behind her each time she did. She couldn't see me through the kitchen window and was instead peering expectantly around the garden, clearly looking for somewhere that she could discreetly relieve herself. She was so desperate, clearly right on the brink of peeing her pants.

Our garden is fairly overgrown with some bushes towards the back, but it is overlooked by the neighbour's houses. If anyone happened to be looking out of their upstairs windows, they would clearly see the urgent predicament Alice was in. She wasn't exactly being subtle. She was clearly having a toilet emergency and couldn't decide what to do. However, it was obvious that it would soon be a decision that was out of Alice's hands, and instead would be taken by her bladder, or more precisely her sphincter. And she would soon be doing a wee whether she wanted to or not, whether that be squatting in the grass at the end of my garden, or where she stood in her pants.

Suddenly a look of shock crossed Alice's face. It was clear what had just happened. A sudden intense wave of desperation had caused her to leak a bit into her little cotton knickers. She was losing control. She needed to act now. She quickly glanced at a particularly large bush at the end of the garden, and with one hand still clamped up into her crotch hurried towards it. As she did so, I moved towards the back door.

Alice was now stood at the end of the garden with her back to me. She quickly looked left and right, then in one swift movement pulled down her leggings and knickers to her knees, exposing her peachy little bottom to anyone who happened to be watching. She then squatted to her knees. As she did so, I very carefully and quietly opened the back door. I still don't fully know why I did what I did. I guess I thought it would be funny. Alice was now squatting with her bottom brushing gently against the grass, clearly seconds away from getting the relief her body had been craving for the last hour. She was so close and she'd waited so long. It was then I coughed loudly and said in the most authoritative voice I could muster.

"Excuse me, young lady. Just what on earth do you think you're doing? Don't you know it's a criminal offence to urinate in public?"

As quick as a shot, Alice stood upright, and then with her back still to me she quickly yanked her knickers and leggings up from around her knees, wiggling her hips as she did so. She then turned to face the voice that had interrupted her.

"Oh my god, Robyn," she cried. "That's so not funny."

The look of surprise on her face quickly turned to panic. Her hand shot once again towards her crotch. Her right leg instinctively turned inward slightly. Her face red with embarrassment. Her knees buckled. And then it happened. A flood of pee gushed out from her crotch through her fingers and down the insides of her legs. Her body had been so tantalisingly close to peeing that it had gone past the point of no return. The floodgates had truly opened, and an ocean of urine was being unleashed into her pants. After a few seconds, she slowly closed her eyes, tilted her head back slightly, and her look of shock transformed into one of pleasure. She couldn't help but enjoy the almost orgasmic relief she was experiencing, however humiliating it might be. It felt like time stood still, but I'd guess she peed for about 45 seconds before she managed to regain control. By now, she had opened her eyes and was staring sheepishly down at her soaked leggings.

Realising I might have gone too far, I walked over to her and put my arm around her shoulders.

"I'm sorry, Alice. I didn't mean for that to happen."

Alice paused for a second and then said, "Well at least I've brought a change of clothes this time." Her face was flushed but very relieved.

Taking her hand, I slowly led her into the house and upstairs to the bathroom. Alice showered while I made us some food. For the rest of the night, as Alice and I sat in my room watching videos and playing computer games, I simply couldn't get the image of what happened in the garden out of my head. It was that look of pure, unadulterated pleasure on Alice's face, a look of sheer humiliation crossed with pure bliss, like she had been transported in her mind to some temporary paradise where nothing mattered except savouring the intoxicating relief her body was currently experiencing, no matter who was watching.

Up until this point, in my fantasies, I had always been the watcher, always on the lookout. I simply can't help it — trying to catch a glimpse of the girl on the bus who just announced to her friend that she needs a wee, trying not to stare at the office lady who has just been told that the toilets are for staff only, and is clearly busting. Peering over my shoulder at the girl at the back of the queue for the ladies who had just requested to skip the line and was denied. Peeking through our front room curtains as the girl next door desperately wets her pants whilst waiting for her mother to return from work with a front door key. Openly staring at the girl at the festival, pulling the crotch of her knickers to one side and furiously peeing into a plastic pint glass rather than lose her place at the front. I was always the outsider looking in, a spectator watching the sport, but that evening I began to wonder: maybe the players have more fun.

The next morning, we awoke early. Alice had to get back to help her mother with some chores, and I had to get to my ultrasound appointment. We walked together in the early morning sunshine through the park to the train station, and after waving goodbye to Alice, I waited patiently for my own train. I had been instructed to arrive for my appointment with a full bladder, ideally having not used the toilet for at least three hours before my visit. I had decided simply not to use the toilet at all that morning, so my need to pee was already pressing on my mind.

After a short wait, my train arrived. Finding my seat, I tried to take my mind off my need to pee, distracting myself by staring out of the window at the green rolling hills of the English countryside. When we finally arrived, I alighted from the train onto the platform of a tiny, quiet country train station. My bladder twinged when I saw the small black logo of the women's toilets, but I knew I simply had to wait. As I set off on the short walk to the hospital, my mind returned to my thoughts from the night before. I wondered what it would feel like to wet oneself, to lose control — would the embarrassment outweigh the pleasure, or increase it? I must admit I was curious, but I have a cast iron bladder, and hadn't wet myself since I was a kid.

Arriving at the hospital, I walked along the long gravel driveway before ascending the stone steps into the entrance hall. There was a large oak board embossed with a vast array of department names and arrows pointing in all directions. I paused briefly and searched for the arrow to the ultrasound department. It was on the ground floor to the right, and after a short walk down a seemingly never-ending corridor, I arrived at the waiting room. After checking my details, the receptionist explained they were running 30 minutes behind schedule. She then instructed me to take a seat and wait until my name was called. As I did so, I realised just how desperate I was for a wee.

At first, I tried to distract myself by thinking about something else, like what I was going to do for the rest of the weekend with the house to myself. I wondered whether I could watch that pirated horror film I knew my brother had hidden under his bed, or maybe I could check out some of my brothers' other tapes, or maybe their magazines. Though last time I did that, I was disappointed — far too vanilla. I guess some things don't run in the family.

Still, when it comes to my special interests, I really have no idea where they originated. Probably something from my childhood. I'm not even sure what the proper term for it is — maybe a sexual quirk, or a kink, or perhaps fetish. But then who really cares? So what if I enjoy watching young girls desperately lose control, wet themselves, pee their pants, soak their jeans, flood their knickers. I'm not ashamed.

I checked the clock; five minutes had passed, and my mind was already back to people peeing themselves. It was ridiculous. I was meant to be trying to take my mind off it. In fact, I don't think it's even possible to distract oneself when needing a pee. It's one of those stupid things teachers say on a long coach trip: "Oh, just try to think about something else, dear. We'll be there in about an hour," or "Try crossing your legs." To be fair, crossing your legs does work to a point. Really, though, what any desperate girl wants to do is grab their crotch, press their fingers against their pee hole. That really does work. But of course, grownups don't do that. At least not in public, not unless it's an absolute last resort. Of course, sitting on one's heel is the next best thing. A little more discreet.

I've seen Alice do that a few times. I remember once on the way back from a school trip. After being stuck in traffic and being denied a rest stop by Mrs. Smith, she took off her shoes, tucked her foot beneath her on the seat, and sat grinding herself against her heel. It was so obvious what she was doing. And in my mind, so sexy. She didn't wet herself that time, though it was close.

Anyway, after 20 minutes of daydreaming like this, I was absolutely busting for the loo, and I couldn't remember the last time I needed to pee so bad. But I was also pretty aroused. Already a little wet, but in a different way. It was less than 24 hours since I witnessed Alice going to the bathroom in her pants, and I hadn't had a chance yet to fully digest it, to enjoy it, if you know what I mean. By now I had my legs firmly crossed and was regularly shifting in my seat, and I was just praying that the receptionist would soon call my name.

Deep down, however, I knew there was no chance I'd actually wet myself. I mean, I'd run to the toilet before it got to that point, unless I guess they were locked or something. Maybe someone was already in there, or they were closed for cleaning. I imagined what it would be like, standing there knocking on the door, begging whoever was in there to come out. I imagined what it would feel like to start wetting — how the pee would feel streaming down the inside of my leg, how embarrassed I'd be, how humiliated. Would I enjoy it? Would it be pleasurable?

I began to wonder if maybe that was what I could do after the appointment, alone in the house. I have some old jeans in my bottom drawer, and I'd have plenty of time to wash and dry them before my parents return. I began to imagine how I would do it. I guess drinking a lot of water would be a good start. Maybe I could see if there was a can of cider in the fridge — that always goes right through me. I could stand in the bath so as not to make a mess. Maybe I could role-play something. Pretend to be a needy, whiny little schoolgirl right on the brink of widdling in her knickers, pleading with her cruel teacher to let her go and use the potty.

But then, would it be the same? Would it be the same with the toilet right there in front of me? Would it feel real? Would it feel like a genuine accident, a genuine loss of control?

Suddenly, I was awoken from my daydream.

"Robyn Carter, Dr. Baker will see you now."

Just like the rest of the hospital, the ultrasound room was luxuriously expansive, with pristine white walls and towering glass windows through which soft yellow sunlight shone, spilling across the polished wooden floors. It smelt sterile yet strangely intimate. In the centre of the room stood a metallic patient trolley, wrapped tightly with a crisp white linen sheet, each corner sharply folded, and beside it was what I assumed was the ultrasound machine. On my left, sitting at an oak-wood desk, was the doctor. She was dressed in a crisp white uniform that was buttoned up to the neck, with sleeves neatly rolled to her wrists.

"Hello, Robyn," she said in the way that doctors do, almost as if we knew each other well, like a young aunt welcoming her teenage niece on Christmas Day. "I'm sorry to have kept you waiting."

She was young, maybe in her late twenties, and very pretty. She could have been the lead in a period drama. As I stood there, I could feel my bladder bulging out against the elastic of my waistband. I was stood awkwardly with my left knee turned inward slightly, my hands playing nervously in front of me, swaying subtly, unable to stand still. I noticed her glance down at my legs, quickly assessing the situation before she met my eyes again.

"Now, have you drunk a lot of water this morning? As I'm sure the receptionist told you when you made the appointment, it's really important that you have a very full bladder in order for me to get a good scan."

I nodded silently. I don't know why, but there was something about her warm, friendly yet authoritative demeanour that made me feel like I was a little kid back in school again.

"Well, if you like, I could pour you another glass of water now, just to be on the safe side," she said, smiling expectantly. The mere thought of more water caused my bladder to twinge slightly. Instinctively, my hand went to my crotch, squeezing it gently before I realised what I was doing and quickly pulled it away. As I did so, I saw her eyes quickly register what I just did.

"Oh, it's okay, Robyn," she said softly. "It looks like your bladder might be full enough as it is. When was the last time you used the toilet?"

"It was last night," I said quietly. "I haven't been at all today."

The thought of the toilet caused me to involuntarily bounce gently up and down, squeezing my thighs together. It must have been so obvious that I was desperate.

"Oh, you poor thing," she said tenderly. "You must be bursting."

I nodded once again.

"Well, at least we'll get a good scan," I smiled shyly and could feel my face growing red. I don't normally get embarrassed about my bodily functions, but there was something about the situation that was a little bit humiliating, yet exciting at the same time. For the first time in my adult life, I genuinely felt like I could lose control and go to the toilet in my pants, right there in front of this beautiful woman. I felt vulnerable and a bit embarrassed, but also naughty and safe. After all, I was at the doctor's. This was a private, confidential place, and she must have seen it all before.

I crossed my legs.

"Okay, well, let's get started. It shouldn't take too long and then you'll finally be able to get some relief."

First, I'm going to need you to lie here," she instructed, gesturing towards the trolley. "And it's usually easiest if you take off your trousers first. That way I won't get any of the gel on them."

I obediently did as I was told, pulling off my trainers and socks, then lowering my jogging bottoms to my ankles and stepping out of them. I was now stood in just my t-shirt and light blue cotton knickers. Absolutely desperate for a piss.

The doctor quickly looked me up and down.

"Okay, Robyn, can I please ask you to get onto the trolley and lie on your back?"

I did as I was told. As I lay there staring up at the ornate-gilded ceiling, I could feel the dry white starch of the bed-sheet against my bare legs. The doctor was now stood at my side, smiling down at me. I could smell her perfume.

"Right, now I'm going to need you to bend your knees and part your legs."

I slowly raised my knees and moved my feet apart slightly. And then to my surprise, she firmly took hold of both my ankles and delicately drew them wider. I bit my lip and tightly gripped the sides of the trolley. I must have looked like I was about to give birth, lying with my legs apart was agony. I seriously worried at this point that even if the scan was quick, it would be hit or miss whether I'd make it to the toilet in time. I couldn't ever remember needing to urinate so badly before. I was frantic.

"Okay, Robyn, can I ask you to pull up your t-shirt?"

I un-gripped the trolley and pulled my t-shirt up to fully reveal the bulge that was my bladder. The doctor reached for a clear plastic pot of lubricant and unscrewed the lid. And then, whilst making direct eye contact with me said, "now this gel might be a little bit cold so brace yourself." She dipped two fingers into the pot, scooped out a lump of jelly and gently began to spread it over my bulging bladder. She must have felt me wince.

"I'm sorry, Robyn, I'll try not to push too hard," she said knowingly. Then with the full palm of her hand, she gently started to smooth the jelly out across my bladder and down towards my lower abdomen. I was now having to clench my pelvic floor muscles for dear life. My bladder was screaming at me for relief. I was so full, so desperate, right on the edge of involuntarily weeing everywhere. After what felt like an eternity, the doctor reached for what looked like a small metal probe which was attached to the machine via a wire.

"Right, Robyn, I'm going to start the scan now. I'm afraid I'm going to have to apply some pressure, but I'll try to make it as quick as possible." She then proceeded to push the cold rounded metal head of the probe firmly against the side of my bladder. I couldn't remember the last time I'd been this desperate for a toilet, this desperate to urinate, this desperate for a wee. I started to imagine how many other girls had laid in this exact position, frantically squirming seconds from peeing themselves. And then I wondered how many had actually done it, pissed all over the trolley, flooded their pants in front of this beautiful doctor.

I was so horny by now, so desperate and aroused. I knew I was going to masturbate as soon as this was over, and I knew it wouldn't take much. I imagined I'd probably do it here in the hospital, in the women's toilets, once I'd finally got to empty my bladder, of course.

The thought of getting the relief I so desperately craved caused me to twist my legs slightly, desperate to cross them fully. But as I did so, the doctor gently put her hand on my knee and pulled it back.

"Just try to stay still, Robyn," she instructed as she continued to run the probe firmly over my bladder. "I know you are desperate, but I need you to stop wriggling."

And that's when it started. At first, it was just a little bit, a little dribble. I could feel it seep through the light blue fabric of my knickers. And of course, the doctor saw. I saw her eyes quickly glance down to my crotch, registering the little patch of wee that had appeared.

She could see that I'd had a little mishap, a little toilet problem in my pants, and I'm not going to lie to you. It fucking turned me on.

She looked up at my flustered face, and with a sympathetic smile said, "oh don't worry Robyn, that happens to a lot of girls. Just try to hold on as best you can. I can give you some dry knickers once we're done." And then, casually, almost as a throwaway comment, she said, "I'll let you go and use the lavatory soon."

It was that word, lavatory. It was too much. I squirted, forcibly, probably for about two seconds. I let out a muffled cry as my wee spurted through the fabric of my knickers and across the white sheets of the trolley. It took all my strength to stop it. The doctor didn't even flinch.

"It's okay Robyn. I can change the sheet before the next patient. Just try to hold on as best you can. It's nothing to be embarrassed about. I promise it won't be long now, you're doing really well."

I didn't know what I was going to do. I had broken the seal. I had never felt so close to having a full-blown accident in my adult life before. But then something else started to happen. Something I couldn't stop. I was so horny, I could feel it building. The whole situation was just too much. It was like something out of one of my fantasies. Only the roles had been reversed.

At first, I did actually try to stop it. Try to think of something else, something un-sexy. Something that would dampen my desire. Distract me from my need. But the more I tried to not think about it, the more I did. I was reaching the point of no return. I was now staring at the doctor. She was so commanding, so in control, so beautiful, so fit. And here I was, sweaty and flustered, vulnerable and frantic, a squirming hot mess.

My knickers felt so warm and wet. The fabric clinging to my crotch, soaked with piss, sopping wet with wee. It felt so good. I could feel myself getting closer. All my fantasies came flooding into my mind. A kaleidoscope of images. It felt like all the desperate pleading flustered girls I'd ever seen in my life had appeared in my mind's eye. Begging for the relief they so desperately craved. Begging for access to the loo. A toilet, a lavatory, a potty, anything. I imagined them losing control, dribbling, squirting, urine pouring into their pants, down their legs, into their shoes and socks, cheeks burning bright red, flushed, covering their faces, begging people not to look, not to stare as they disgrace themselves.

I have never been so aroused in my life. It was taking every fibre of my being not to touch myself, not to give my pussy the attention it so desperately craved, even for a second. I knew now that even the slightest touch would bring me to a climax. Send me over the edge.

I was right on the verge of involuntarily cumming and pissing myself in front of a complete stranger. Dual relief. I wanted it so badly, but was desperately trying to resist.

But of course, it was futile. An intense wave of desperation suddenly hit me and I squirted again. It was slightly longer this time. I was losing control.

A small fountain of pee came squirting through the crotch of my knickers splashing onto the white fabric of the trolley, pooling slightly beneath my bum. And of course the doctor saw.

"Oh dear Robyn, don't worry, this happens to a lot of girls. It's perfectly natural, especially with a bladder as full as yours."

And then what she did next I will never forget.

Without looking away she reached behind her and pulled a handful of paper towels from a box on top of the machine. And without hesitating she screwed them up into a ball and pushed them up between my legs. I couldn't believe it. She was obviously trying to protect the trolley and I guess my modesty. But I felt her hand touch me through the paper. It was very brief like a microsecond, but she did and it felt so good. And that was all it took. I climaxed.

I tried to suppress my cry. I bit my lip and closed my eyes but it was no good. My hips buckled and I came hard. And of course then there was no holding back. My floodgates opened fully.

The doctor stepped back as a gigantic arc of piss sprayed out of me, spraying across the trolley and splattering onto the tiled floor.

"Oh my god I'm so sorry" I cried breathlessly, looking at the doctor in horror as my piss continued to flow. "I can't stop it" I whimpered feeling my face burn red with embarrassment, as the hissing sound of my piss stream filled the room.

The doctor looked at me sympathetically and after placing one hand gently on my knee said, "It's okay Robyn, you tried your best. Accidents happened sometimes."

I peed forever. It was like a fire hose blasting out through my underwear and onto the trolley, dripping over the sides and onto the tiled floor. I have never felt relief like it. Never experienced such ecstasy. I just kept staring at the doctor as I continued to unleash hours of held in urine. And she simply stared back at the pathetic, writhing teenage girl who was uncontrollably drenching herself with wee like a child who has yet to be toilet trained properly.

When I finally finished, I came to my senses and the full reality of what had just happened came crashing down on me. I was bright red, embarrassed, humiliated. I was shaking, breathless and tingly. It was like nothing I'd experienced before. I loved it.

I apologised again, "I'm so sorry that's honestly never happened before."

"It's okay Robyn. Unfortunately we're going to have to get you booked in for another test as I wasn't able to quite finish that one. But it's nothing to be embarrassed about. There are some towels behind that screen over there. Dry yourself off as best you can and then I'll get one of the maintenance staff to come clean up. I'll also get you a bag to put your wet knickers in."

I climbed down from the trolley and walked barefoot through the large warm puddle I had created. And after cleaning up and getting changed, I walked out to talk to the receptionist about booking another scan.

So that's why I'm back. Four weeks later, once again, as instructed, in very urgent need of a toilet.

If anything, I'm even more desperate than last time.

It was probably that litre of water I had at breakfast.

And the can of red bull I drank on the train probably didn't help.

And I've somehow managed to down a few glasses of this cucumber flavoured water.

It's so moreish but heads straight to my bladder.

I've insisted on seeing Dr. Baker again of course.

I thought she was very good.

So kind and understanding.

I wonder if I'll make it this time?

