I'll Pee Your Pants

Author: Tonyx

*000*2016-02-25 23:22

Hello everyone ! This is the second fiction I wrote for Omorashi. It is, in my opinion, much better than the first. I wrote it in the first person ; whether the protagonist is male or female is up to your own imagination. Be warned that a part of the story may contain sexual elements, although they are mostly suggested. I also made my best to avoid grammar or spelling mistakes, and I apologize in advance if any of them escaped my cautious eye. Naturally, I would be glad to hear your feedback on the structure, style, and general appeal of the story. Happy reading !

Sunday, February 7th, 2016

Leanna's appartment

I opened my eyes, and the concrete ceiling of Leanna's appartment stared back at me. I knew it perfectly, from the small cracks near the windows to the wires running along its edges. The bedroom was the main living space of the appartment ; its walls were tall, and the pattern of their dark bricks was only interrupted by heavy steel beams. We were lying on a floor mattress in the far left corner, opposite to the door and the kitchen area. On my side, a pile of architecture textbooks worked both as a sidetable and learning material.

On Leanna's side, a wooden crate that once contained a decent bottle of wine held the weight of an electronic clock and a paper lamp. When the lamp was turned on, its metallic frame printed itself on the walls, and the soft glow maintained an atmosphere of safety and warmth ; however, it was seldom used. In the afternoon, the sun shone through the tall industrial windows on the wall behind the bed, and at night, Leanna always refused to close the blinds, for she preferred the neon lights of the street to complete darkness.

A raindrop hit the window behind the bed, followed by a couple others. I closed my eyes and listened. A small ledge prevented me from seeing the sky, but I could imagine the clouds and the grey atmosphere outside as more rain drops were brought against the glass by sudden gusts of wind. The rain was enough to disturb Leanna's sleep ; her eyes still closed, she sighed and turned her body towards me, her right hand instinctively grasping my side. I could feel her breasts against my ribs and her regular breathing on my chest ; stroking her hair with my free hand, I watched Leanna fall back to sleep with the ghost of a satisfied smile on her lips. Her right leg rested over mine, outside the blankets. My eyes followed the curve of her thigh up to her hips ; anything above them disappeared back under the covers, leaving it to complete imagination.

On an usual sunday, the room would be filled with the smell of freshly brewed coffee and chocolate chip pancakes. We would sit up against the wall, and Leanna would wrap herself into the covers to avoid the cold sensation of the bricks on her back. I'd stand next to the coffee machine on the kitchen counter while she'd be looking for a cartoon we could watch on her laptop ; I'd carefully bring the mugs to the bed, and she'd thank me without words ; she would simply run her finger through her fringe and smile. But today was an exception, a welcome exception. I placed my hand back on Leanna's shoulder, and her hand inconsciously grasped my side stronger for a brief second. I closed my eyes again, and let my mind walk the thin line between strange dreams and memories. What time could it be ? I didn't know.

Sunday, February 6th 2016

George Washington Subway Station

13 hours earlier

"Get in shape this year, don't miss out on our gym membership offers !"

I looked at the colorful flyer the energetic young woman was waving in my face, and took the piece of paper with an ironic smile.

"It was only a New Year's resolution, give it up already. You people are making me feel guilty." I commented.

She had a genuine laugh. Most people liked coaches sporting six-packs, but preferred lying on couches drinking six-packs.

"It's never too late !" she responded, as I climbed the last set of stairs leading to the street.

Leanna and I lived thirty minutes away from each other. Since she was close to our favorite bars and nightclubs, I didn't mind coming over on Friday evenings to join her friends in their beer-fueled adventures. Most of them were also her classmates ; as her best friend, I had been introduced to them a few months before and quickly grew to enjoy their company. Leanna studied architecture ; although most of her classes taught modern urbanism, she was fascinated by old, industrial constructions. When she let her pen wander on a notebook page, it filled up with vivid dreams of old breweries and factories, intertwined in pipes and steel structures. Her appartment was a reflection of her taste : a heavy skeleton of iron and bricks in which she felt inspired and comfortable. I let the flyer join its peers at the bottom of a trashcan, and dialed her number.

"Hello !" her tone was light and childish.

"Hey, get ready to open the door. I'll be there soon."

"Sure, but I hope you have the secret password this time." she said. I rolled my eyes with a smile.

"Are you going to have me standing in front of the door again, going through every superhero name I know until I get the right one ?"

"No, of course not." I knew the sentence wasn't over. "Today it's fish names."

The old elevator of Leanna's building opened its doors. It smelled of rust and grease, but I was less afraid of an accident than standing awkwardly close to another person in such a small space. Luckily, there was noone to share it with today, and I reached the 6th floor without seeing a single soul. Leanna's door was directly in front of the elevator. I knocked twice.

"Yes ?" a voice asked behind the wooden panels.

"Sockeye salmon." I replied. My answer was met with silence. As I was about to come up with another aquatic creature, I heard the lock click.

"Actually, sockeye salmon wasn't that bad." Leanna said with a wide grin, as she opened the door.

"I'm flattered." I took her in my arms for a hug.

Her appartment was messy. Dishes were piling up on the kitchen counter, and from where I was I could see empty mugs and bottles on every possible surface. Of course, the bed was never made. Still hugging Leanna, I grabbed a grey mug on the counter which separated the kitchen from the rest of the room. Pivoting on my feet with her still in my arms, I hit the power button on the coffee machine.

"You junkie." she said.

"Come on. You know I'm only here for the coffee machine."

She pushed me back in indignation, and walked away in ficticious disdain. I smiled and threw my backpack next to the door.

"So what's the plan tonight ?" I asked.

"We thought we'd hit the Jazz for a while, and then move on somewhere else." Leanna threw herself on the mattress, and proceeded to repetitively throw a pen upwards and catch it as it was coming down.

"Sounds good."

The Jazz was a decent underground bar, where snobs could stress the way they wanted their drinks made and students could drink their way out of stress. The barmaid, Andy, was a reckless gambler ; under the right circumstances, a well thought-out bet could win anyone a free cocktail.

"Alan's going to join us later, by the way." Leanna added. I grabbed my coffee and stood against one of the steel beams on the wall opposite to the bed.

"I love this guy." I realized my tone sounded wrongly sarcastic. I honestly liked him ; he was the archetype of the overweight nerd, but a gold mine of useful information. "What are you wearing tonight ?"

Leanna failed to catch her pen, and sat up with a weary look on her face.

"I don't know, really."

"Hey, we'll figure it out. There's plenty of time." I took a sip.

"What about you ?"

"Grey jeans, grey shirt." I said, nodding in direction of my backpack.

We were both wearing cotton track pants. We often met with confortable clothing at her place, and reluctantly dressed in what we called our "social outfits" when we had to leave. Although I always felt self-conscious when undressing in front of someone, I had no trouble changing in the middle of Leanna's appartment. Our friendship was a safe space for both of us, a welcome release from the pressure to appear attractive to someone else.

"Fifty Shades." she commented mockingly. I cringed at the reference.

"Stop calling me like that, I said I'm not spanking you no matter how you ask it."

I dodged the pen flying in my direction, finished my coffee, and opened my backpack to find my towel.

"Alright, I'm going to take a shower." I said. "When are we supposed to leave ?"

"Something like..." Leanna opened her laptop and checked the time. "Thirty minutes, I guess. But be quick though. I have to pee pretty bad."

"Do you want to go now, before I get in ?"

"Nah, it's fine." she said, captivated by her screen.

I rolled my eyes and entered the bathroom. For some obscure reason, Leanna was always the first to signal her urge to pee, but consistently waited for the last minute to satisfy it ; on frequent occasions, she'd find herself praying in the line to the women's restroom. Unsurprisingly, when she attended last year's Halloween party disguised as a baby, her size 7 Pampers proved to be more than a simple accessory.

The bathtub was cold as usual. I had a quick glance at the mysterious combination of soaps, hair products and mystical oils Leanna was keeping in colorful bottles on the edge of the tub. Her brown straight hair needed consistent care, and she didn't hold back on the means to keep them as perfect as she could. The water itself didn't get warmer than a certain threshold, and the only consolation I had was the thought of wrapping myself in my towel after the shower to stop the shivering. Leanna was used to it ; I had never heard her complain about temperature.

I exited the bathroom fifteen minutes later, before throwing my clothes on the bed. Leanna was standing in front of the kitchen bar with her legs crossed, browsing Tumblr on her laptop. One of her legs was bouncing repetitively ; when she heard me behind her, she turned around, and I noticed she had put on a pair of grey pants. My pants.

"I swear, you don't realize how comfortable your jeans are." she said, stroking one of her legs.

"Well, that's convenient." I replied, faking annoyance. Seeing her in my jeans was sexier than I would admit.

"No, really. I think I'm going to keep them."

"And I just have to sit there like a Victoria Secret model ?"

"Exactly." she agreed with a childish grin.

I sighed, and lay down on the bed. However, the presence of a small object under my spine caught my attention. I examined the metallic intruder, and realized it was her phone. Leanna and I never shared details of our conversations with love interests, unless we were puzzled by a certain situation. Outside of that, I often wondered about the way she flirted by text. Looking back on it, I must admit that a part of my curiosity was sheer jealousy. I unlocked the phone, and looked up at Leanna. She was staring at me.

"Don't even think about it."

"In my defense" I started, "I..."

"No. No, no, no."

In a few steps Leanna was by the bed, negociating for her phone. Had she used her serious tone of voice, I'd have immediately given it back. But for some reason, I did not believe she wanted me to.

"Come on, give it back !" she implored with a half smile.

"Or what ?"

"Or..." her eyes wandered around the room for something she could threaten me with. I raised an eyebrow in disbelief.

"Or ?"

"Or" she took a confident stance, hands on her hips. "I'll pee your pants."

"You..." I burst out laughing. "That's all you found, really ?"

"So you don't believe me ?"

"I believe you should go to the bathroom right now, before you actually wet them by accident." I grinned and opened the Messenger app.

"Alright, you know what ? Do what you want. You always do anyway." she stepped back against the kitchen counter and crossed her arms, still looking at me.

Ignoring her frown, I opened her conversation with an unknown person named Charlie. As expected, it was a long repartee of snappy remarks and random humor that Leanna was so proficient at ; Charlie sounded like a detached person, yet very respectful of grammar and punctuation. I would have kept digging for more information if it wasn't for my peripheral vision ; Leanna had been standing still for a good minute, and it didn't take me long to figure out what was happening. Her stare was cocky, and her crotch was damp.

"Leanna, are you really..." My arms dropped. Of course she was.

The wet spot extended down her leg in successive bursts, expanding into every fold it encountered ; the pattern grew longer and longer, all of its branches inevitably leading to her feet. I sat up without regard for the phone, witnessing an event so unexpected I couldn't react. It was happening right before my eyes, and right into my jeans.

"Oh my god, I... I can't stop..." As she realized she was losing control of the situation, Leanna's confident expression melted into a fusion of shame and terror, and her upper legs came together in a weak attempt of control.

All branches of the pattern joined each other while she brought her hands to her crotch ; a continuous stream started dribbling from her joint knees, and for a long moment she stood still, unable to stop herself despite her best efforts. The constant hissing sound became intermittent, then finally faded out, leaving us in complete silence. When it was over, Leanna didn't move. Her eyes met mine in an instant of confusion ; she seemed frozen in place. I stood up.

"Leanna, you know I kind of needed those jeans tonight."

"Oh my god, I'm so sorry." she brought her hand to her mouth. "I didn't mean to..."

"Well, you never give up, I'll give you that." I said.

In an instant, the cocky young woman had turned into a helpless little girl. For an unknown reason, seeing her in such a weak position aroused me, and I was overwhelmed by the need to take care of her.

"Come on, let's get you out of these pants."

I carefully unbuttoned the jeans while Leanna put her hands on my shoulders for stability, and pushed them down, helped by the movement of her hips. Still silent, she lifted her right foot to help me remove the wet denims ; after a failed attempt, I crouched to help her ankle get through the leg, and couldn't help but notice her black panties were completely soaked and sticking to her skin, underlining her most delicate features. I looked away, trying to forget that thought, when another struck me. Had she been doing this on purpose ?

Why did she always wait to use the bathroom until she was desperate ? If she didn't want me to look at her phone, why didn't she simply take it from my hands ?

"There we go." I stood up. Her hands were still on my shoulders. "Leanna, did you..."

I was looking at her breasts. She was looking at me.

"Did you do this on purpose ?"

She hesitated. Her eyes were guilty, yet sublimed by an undecipherable excitation.

"Maybe."

There was a moment of silence. She pressed her lips against mine, and my hands reached for her hips out of sheer instinct. The kiss was so passionate, so ardent, that I had no other choice but staying in the moment, savoring every single touch and every single breath. Every thought I could've had about crossing the line between friendship and sex, or the fact that I was aroused by her accident, was suspended by the strength of the instant. I could feel the warmth of her skin where it touched mine. I could feel her wetness against me.

Our movements brought us back to the bed, and Leanna fell in the middle of the sheets. Her loose tank top revealed a part of her black laced bra ; I helped her remove it, and our lips connected again, our chests pressing against each other in passion. Guided by an overwhelming primal instinct, I made my way down, covering every inch of her smooth skin with delicate kisses, stopping at her lower belly to admire her graceful figure ; the neon lights from the outside sublimed her curves like the paintbrush of a genius, lighting up the path for my touch to follow, and soon enough I found myself caressing the inside of her thighs with my lower lip. Everytime I made contact with her burning skin, she gasped in expectation, and the closer I came to her sex, the tighter she wrapped her legs around me. I let the warmth of my breath tantalize her, until her hands forced me against her and her legs locked me in, her hips rocking, lifting and descending with each wave of pleasure.

Sunday, February 7th 2016

Leanna's appartment

She moaned. I opened my eyes again, and noticed Leanna was awake. She looked up at me and smiled, hugging me tighter.

What was going to happen next ? I didn't know.

###

Thanks for reading !

*007*2016-02-28 11:01

{{:

Good job on this story! Just one thing; quite a long Sunday you have there :P

}}

Hahaha ! Of course, no matter how many times you check for errors, the most obvious mistakes go right through the net... !

###

Thanks for the feedback, everybody !

