Robin

Author: Thegame123

*000*2022-06-10 15:26

Hi all,

So this is my first attempt at a fictional story. Apologies for any typos/ramblings. I haven’t got a decent device to type and check back on so it was all done on my phone.

Firstly a bit of background. The story is based on the characters from the Comoran Strike novels by Jk Rowling (I know some of her views have been out there and this is no means a sign of support of these views).

I simply enjoyed the books and particularly the character Robin Ellacott. She was a character I would have loved to read about needing to pee, being desperate etc. The great thing about fictional characters in novels is that you can make these types of things come to life (to an extent obviously given the talent deficit). So I’ve decided to write my own story with this is mind. I’ve probably gone well over the top so I’ve split it into 6 chapters to make it easier to to digest for everyone.

As always feel free to feedback and do shout out if you want to hear more otherwise I won’t post further chapters.

Anyway I hope you enjoy. Chapter 1 is below:

It was late on a sunny Friday afternoon Robin was very happy with her weeks work. Strike had left for the afternoon and was not due to return until much later. Robin was left to lock up for the night. She had a productive afternoon finishing most of her tasks. At about 3pm she decided to embrace the upcoming weekend and changed from her business suit into her high waisted light blue jeans and a red short sleeved top. She was meeting Matthew after work so was all good to go once he was finished for the night. She even decided to leave her trainers off and enjoy the comfort of bare feet while she had the office to herself. The next couple of hours ran by quickly with Robin drinking plenty of tea and water. 5pm hit and she shut down her computer and made a mental note to head to the loo before leaving after realising that she had only been once today at about 10am and had drank a lot.

As she got up the weight of her bladder became much more noticeable promoting her need to head to the loo as soon as she could. She headed to the kitchen to clean up her dishes and cups. She turned the tap on and her bladder twinged a little, she grimaced and crossed her legs tight to dull the urge. She then quickly finished washing her dishes. Then shut up the kitchen and headed over to put her trainers on not wanting to head to the grubby toilet barefooted.

Just as she got to her trainers she heard some footsteps coming up the stairs - 2 lots of them. Was Strike back this early? She thought to herself. The footsteps were quicker and lighter than strikes so Robin believed it was a client, as the got closer to the door Robin shouted ‘Sorry, we’re closed’. However this did nothing to stop the steps and the door to the office burst open with 2 young lads entering, Robin guessed they were maybe 19-20 years old. One was tall and thin with a skinhead while the other one was shorter and stockier with bleach blond hair.

‘Alright misses where’s Strike at’ the tall one grunted.

‘He’s away for the night’ Robin answered firmly

‘Well that just isn’t good enough’ said the stockier lad ‘He owes us some money and we want it now’

‘Well I’m sorry he isn’t here so you’ll need to leave’ Robin replied with attempted authority however she was now regretting that she was standing in her casual clothes, barefooted with a bladder close to bursting point all undermining this attempted authority.

‘I am just locking up now’ she added

‘No you aren’t, your going nowhere until we get our cash - £2000 right now’ said the tall lad

‘I’m afraid I’ll have to call the police then’ Robin stated looking over to the desk as she heading to her mobile phone.

‘I don’t think so’ said the tall lad as he shook his head pulling out a small pocket knife, while the blond pulled out a small handgun.

‘Oh shit!’ Robin murmured as her heart raced and the sight of the knife and gun made Robins bladder contract slightly causing her to nearly lose control but she recovered just in time.

‘Come on boys you don’t want to do this’ Robin pleaded.

‘Don’t give us that, your not a teacher. Stupid bitch, just stand there until Mr Strike returns’ the tall lad shouted his anger rising

‘He’ll be ages’ Robin panicked feeling her emotions and anxiety really heighten with the thud of her heart louder than she could remember.

‘We have all the time in the world’ the blond lad laughed.

Robin immediate concern was now her desperately full bladder - ‘Well let me use to loo please’ Robin pleaded.

‘Haha not a chance, you’ll be looking to escape or alert some, thinks were daft she does’ the blond lad stated.

‘I promise I won’t I really need to go, please’ Robin pleaded.

“I said no, plus IF you do need to go it’ll be nice entertainment for us you’re not bad looking for an older lass, I quite fancy seeing you squirm’ he said looking her up and down creepily.

Robin felt major panic and was trying to hide it. Her bladder was becoming numb with pain, as she believed she was slowly losing control of it. She had remembered having the numb bladder pain before in her life with worrying consequences firstly back at school in year 9.

Old enough to know better but Robin often avoided the toilets in school - too smelly and dirty. One day her desperation was worst than ever after school and it was a day the bus got stuck in traffic. She noticed then the feeling in her bladder slowly become numb and heavy. She was ok while sat down but then getting up at her stop seemed to add even more weight to her bladder and as she walked down the bus she started to feel light headed from the pain and then a sudden warmth in her crotch then down her legs, see was letting out a steady stream of wee into her school trousers.

Robin walked as fast as she could with tears in her eyes unsure if anybody was witnessing what was happening to her and too scared to look anywhere but ahead. She left the bus for the dark night and thankfully for her nobody followed her as she tried but failed to stem the flow she just continued to urinate as she walked. She finally built up the courage to look down and was horrified to see her grey school trousers with a huge wet stop down the insides of both legs still glistening as fresh urine still escaped her. She finally finished and was home a few minutes after. She hoped to slip in unnoticed but this didn’t go to plan. Her mum saw her and berated her for what had happened ‘How old are you, for goodness sake Robin you should be ashamed’ and she really was.

This was thankfully for Robin the last issue like that until she was 20 years old and this time she was at a festival. It was super busy with lots of drinking. By the last night loads of toilets were out of order and queues were stupidly long. Many of Robins group decided to start squatting rather than finding a toilet. Robin though was never like this even after a few drinks, she had a great desire to keep her private’s private. Thankfully one other girl Sarah was the same - the last nights card was highly stacked so Robin and Sarah held out for longer than usual but finally hit the point where a toilet was needed now. They were both wearing short denim hot pants with a T-shirt and hoody.

Alcohol had muddled there judgement and the queue was suitably huge and barely moving. Robin began to experience the numbness in her very heavy bladder. Half way through the queue Robin was close to the edge - Sarah was seemingly past it ‘Fuck this’ she said ‘I’m starting to piss myself she ran from the queue in full view of everyone pulled her shorts and knickers down flashing her privates for all too see and let out one of the largest most forceful streams Robin had ever seen. The view helped trick Robins bladder into its first little leak ‘Shit’ Robin muttered. Sarah came back over to Robin ‘Wow, that’s much better’ she smiled while slightly blushing. ‘Aren’t you bothered that everyone saw….er you know down their?’ Robin asked. ‘A little but rather that than piss myself in this line’ she said. ‘Come on you just do it Robin’.

‘No I couldn’t, not a chance anyones seeing my foof’

‘Fucking hell foof, what you like Rob. Just leave you knicks on and go through them then, you seriously think you’ll make it in this queue?’

‘Pee through my knickers? No thanks I’ll make it’ Robin said determinedly

20 minutes later Robin was at the front of the queue - a few small leaks had escaped but nothing to much and Robins shorts we most wee free. Then finally it was her turn - as she walked to the stall she felt light headed and dizzy and couldn’t feel her bladder at all. Then she felt sudden warmth in the crotch and edge down her bare legs. ‘Shit!’ she cursed as she started peeing in quick bursts while running to the stall.

She got to the stall slammed the door and was about to pull her shorts down when she realised the door had rebounded back open. Her bladder then totally gave up and began to release itself full blast with a loud hiss from the hot jet of pee escaping poor Robins tortured body. She quickly got back to the door and closed it. It was however every dark and it took about 25 seconds for Robin to figure out the lock so the door would stay shut, all that time Robin was urinating full blast into her denim shorts, all down her legs and onto her trainers and the already horrible wet floor of the toilet.

By the time to door was done Robin conceded that the worst of the damage was done so didn’t try to get her shorts of again, she just stood in the dark feeling the warm liquid leave her body and splatter on the floor. It felt very weird but not as gross as she imagined and see wasn’t overly ashamed of herself. The alcohol probably helped but she was private in the toilet it was very dark all over so she reasoned that few people would notice and or care about her accident. She tied her hoody round herself and met Sarah. ‘Did you make it’ - ‘Yes and No’ Robin laughed flashing the damp spot the front of her shorts which actually was alright. ‘That’s not too bad girl, I’ve had much worst’. Robin declined to show her the back which she knew was much worse and her trainers were particularly wet. The rest of the night wasn’t to comfiest of Robins life but nothing else was ever mentioned.

These 2 scenarios kept racing through Robins mind as the numbness and weight in her bladder got worst and worst minute by minute. Then she reasoned with herself - Robin your 27 now you were a child and drunk on those other occasions. 27 year old sober women don’t wet themselves - held hostage or not. You can hold it. With her previous 2 accidents Robin was somewhat ‘lucky’ that nobody really witnessed the accidents directly, at least that she knew of. Today though these lads would love every second if she did give up. No she said in her head defiantly I am not wetting my pants today. Little did she know how wrong she would be.

*002*2022-08-21 08:56

Chapter 2

Robins determination was to be applauded another 30 minutes past with her stood at gun and knife point and she barely even moved. Her body was screaming to move and dance to suppress the desperation. More than anything she wanted to grab hold of her crotch to help with her fight. Her desperation was off the chart and worse than she had ever felt before. She was sweating with her heart racing. Her bladder was feeling somewhat numb and extremely heavy with all the tea and water she had been drinking. But she didn’t want to give the 2 lads anything to get excited about. Had she been elsewhere at this moment of severe desperation she may well have let go already, she would have certainly been holding herself but not today not with these two here.

‘You sure ya need to piss’ the blond lad asked obviously not feeling Robin seemed too desperate .

Robin just nodded and gritted her teeth.

‘May I please sit, my legs are hurting’ Robin asked thinking being sat down would make holding on easier.

‘Yes go on then’ he said and Robin gratefully but slowly began to walk to the desk chair. The movement was causing her bladder to suffer even more and she felt the a tiny dribble sneak out against her will. Robins whole body tensed up to stop the impending flood. Both lads noticed this.

‘Actually no you can’t sit down’ he said, walk over to hear and stand legs apart and arms by your side’

‘What the fuck, why! please can I just sit….my legs……they ache……please….’ Robin trailed off as tears formed in her eyes and another small 1 second stream released gently into her jeans. She realised the situation was getting away from her and she was on the verge of wetting herself right here in front of these 2 idiots.

‘Nath lad I think the show may be getting started - get over there now bitch’ snarked the blond lad aggressively.

‘Don’t say my name’ Nath said

‘It doesn’t matter, Strike knows us anyway’

‘Please, please just let me go to the toilet I don’t want to wet myself, not here or please look away at the very least ’ Robin began to sob any semblance of control now gone as tears began to stream down her now bright red face as the realisation of what was about to happen struck her.

‘Look away fuck that not everyday you get to see grown woman like you piss yaself, you dirty slut. I am not missing this’ Nath said

‘Strike will fuck you up when he sees you I promise’ Robin threatened as a last form of defence as another steady 3 seconds stream leaked out a small noticeable wet patch now forming on the crotch of her jeans.

Robin finally made it too where she was told to stand.

‘Strikes a pussy and won’t do fuck all’ said the blond lad ‘plus if this is as good at it promises we might knock him some money off so come on love stop with the pride shit and piss yaself already, I can see you’ve started’ he said nodding down at the small wet patch on Robins jeans.

Robin was in huge trouble and she knew it - she still had a small amount control but urine kept leaking out in small dribbles at regular intervals. Robin yearned to just let go and enjoy the relief her pain was so bad. However, She decided to try and make this as mundane as a 27 year woman peeing herself could possible be. Little tiny streams she thought just hold on for every second….don’t give up. Don’t give them the satisfaction of a full loss of control but it was all getting too much.

‘You absolute bastards, please just let me, let me…….no,no…….’ Robin trailed off.

Robin was going light headed the weight in her bladder was unbearable and pushing for imminent release, she had continued to let go of a number of steady streams resulting the wet spot growing to the size of a teacup and then stretching down the inside of her left leg to her mid thigh. Robin had hoped these may have eased the pressure which was close to breaking point but it just got worse and worse. Then everything went quiet and Robin could just hear her own heart beating - it felt like an out of body experience. Who was she?….what was happening……. oh no she realised!!!!!! WARMTH, warmth spreading faster than ever around her crotch her bladder suddenly releasing fully without warning.

The room was silent all she could hear was her pounding heart and then for a mortifying 6 second burst a loud hiss of urine escaping her body and a huge uncontrolled rate. This noise itself was intimate for Robin, she always knew that whenever she really had to go in extreme desperation she would always make a loud hiss as she peed. She was always embarrassed hearing it and so always did her best to control a steady stream when around others, such her even husband Matthew had rarely heard this uncontrolled sound himself. Once the hiss subsided the sound was replaced with the gentle splattering of Robins urine hitting the floor with a puddle of wee growing rapidly.

Time seemed to be moving in slow motion. Robin seemed to have a hyper sense to everything that was happening imprinting this nightmare moment into her brain forever. She felt urine exploding out of her vagina, warmth flooding into her underwear and jeans, it was cascading down both of her legs like a wild waterfall there was also a solid stream dropping straight from her crotch onto the laminate floor of the office. She could also feel urine running up her backside due to the shear force and volume. Her feet were being warmed on the cold floor by a golden shower emanating from her most intimate of areas. The sound of all this was like a tap was left running at full blast somewhere. The actual wetting itself was strangely cathartic Robin felt - the feelings, the warmth and sound she didn’t mind and wasn’t as disgusted in herself as she imagined she would be.

However she could see the 2 lads stood strangely quiet almost surprised by what they were seeing - like they didn’t think a grown woman could wet herself this badly. They then started to smile and laugh about what they were seeing. The puddle was growing so quickly they had to take a step back - after 30 seconds Robins jet like stream died into a calmer steady stream. After another 20 seconds she felt the ability to be able to stop and she did stem the flow. Only a few seconds later though she felt a huge pain in her bladder again as a secondary urge overtook her, she had no strength to hold anymore and so a new steady stream gently released causing her jeans to glisten making it clear to all that Robin was peeing again. Robin came out of her trance like state and became more aware of her environment at this time. She was aware that the lads were taking photos of her.

‘Fuck off boys, what’s with the pictures is the live show not enough….pricks’ Robin raged finding her anger levels now rising. After about 30 seconds more the stream finally subsided followed by a couple of little squirts to finish off. She stood for a few seconds until the puddle settled.

‘Can I go clean up now’ Robin asked solemnly.

‘Good show, wow you really did have to go crazy bitch, nah no cleaning up but yah can sit down now, we still want strike’ said Nath

He dragged the black office chair out from behind the desk Robin slowly meandered to the chair making ripples in the puddle as she moved and then clear pee footprints once out of the puddle showing the clear path she walked.

The lads seemed to be chatting about something else now with Robins excruciating drenching seemingly now old news. Robin sat slowly in the chair with the wetness of urine on her bottom particularly uncomfortable. She then noticed it was only 5:45. 15 minutes until Matthew should finish work. She wondered what will happen next as she sat down totally drenched her her own urine.

To be continued.

