Adines Shower

Author: Themaster258

*000*2019-04-21 00:31

I'm back from the dead to bring you more terrible fiction and now I should really go to bed since I spent the whole night editing this.

The TV showed a family of six pinkish blobs sitting around a table. “You were right Adine, this would’ve been an absolute culture shock,” I said and laughed at the dragon actors idea of a typical human breakfast.

Adine turned to me with a worried look on her face. Or that’s what I believed it was, their facial expressions remained hard to read at times. “I believe they did their best with what little description we had,” she said and turned back to the TV. The last line of the show was a cheesy joke about hands, then the credits rolled.

Not even seconds after the first name rolled up on the screen Adine snatched the remote with her nimble foot and turned the TV off. I couldn’t help but notice her twitching wings and shifting on the bed sheets. Her injury must’ve been worse than I thought, but she tried to downplay it.

The last rays of red sunlight reflected off the flat screen. “It’s getting late,” I said, “They don’t like me being outside at night.” Adine’s head snapped around like an attacking snake. She pressed her lips together, a question lingering on her tongue and a short but noticeable tremor went through her whole body. “Are you okay? It’s your wing isn’t it?” I asked and pointed at the bandage. She shook her head. “Well,” she started and a red tint crept up her cheeks, “My detachable shower head broke a few days ago and it was already hard to reach certain places, but with my wing like this-” She went silent and left me to figure out the question on my own. “You want me to scrub your back?” I asked. She glanced at the window to avoid eye contact. “Only if you want to,” she half mumbled.

If she was a human and suggested getting in the shower together I would’ve been pretty sure that this was headed to something dirtier than getting clean. But she wasn’t, she was a dragon and maybe this wasn’t so intimate for a dragon, they were nude all day long after all. I didn’t want to ruin our relationship by being too forceful now.

While I stood and thought, Adine watched me and waited for my answer. Her tail flicked through the air much like a cat’s. She did this when she was excited, or when she was annoyed. Her tense face didn’t give me any clues either. “Of course I would,” I said. Her face turned to the faintest smile I ever saw on her as she gestured me to follow her to the bathroom.

Her bathroom was huge. It had a walk-in shower that reminded me more of a gym than a single dragon apartment. “Back in my world I could barely turn on the spot,” I said and stretched my arms out. Adine did the same and her wings touched the outer walls. “That’s why,” she said.

Adine turned to push a button on the wall but stopped a few inches away. She looked at me and her face grew red again. “I don’t think your clothes are meant to get wet are they? Humans use them to protect their skin with them right?” Now that she asked me to take my clothes off this was going one way, or I was a terrible emotion cryptographer. I removed my shirt and watched as Adine crouched a little lower to the ground with her legs angled and wings firmly pressed to her sides. This wasn’t something I had seen her do before. She was bobbing back and forth and her tail was impatiently patting the floor.

All of her reactions seemed a little off since we got back to her house. Usually, she was slouching around like a beanbag when we were together. Today she seemed agitated. I unbuttoned my pants and as I was about to slide them down her eyes widened and mouth stood open. My hands jerked to a halt and I pulled them back up. “Why are you wearing another pair of pants under your pants? Are they secret pants?” I felt my face growing hot. My underwear was yellow, much like her scales, which wasn’t a coincidence at all. “It’s hiding our important parts, if you know what I mean by that,” I said. “Oh,” she blushed and turned away.

I pulled down my pants but left my underwear in place. I’d rather be on the safe side for now. I slipped out of my socks and noticed the pleasant warmth of the floor tiles. “Underfloor heating. That is quite fancy,” I said.

Adine pushed the button and the shower head turned on. A wave of hot water doused us both. The stream of water hit the floor with a loud patter. Adine clenched her legs together at the sudden sound and the terribly rusted penny in my head dropped. My gaze fell towards the Japanese style toilet next to the giant shower. She could’ve just asked me to wait for a minute before following her. Instead, she chose to hide it from me for some arbitrary reason.

I ignored her fidgeting as that was clearly what she had intended.

She doused herself with water, but all I had eyes for right now was her attempts at hiding something very obvious. She had her back turned to me, probably so I couldn’t see her desperate face, but her tail and legs weren’t even trying to hide her predicament. I should leave her alone for a minute before she did something embarrassing. Before I could say or do anything she turned the stream off and pointed at a bowl containing a sponge and soap. I grabbed both and began scrubbing her trembling wings.

The silence was only broken by the squeaking of sponge against scales. “I wasn’t sure if you’d agree to do this,” Adine said without turning to face me. I stopped scrubbing. “And why is that?” Her tail slammed against my leg as it continued to swing uncontrollably through the shower. “I wouldn't ask this of just anybody.” I continued scrubbing her back as she continued to talk. “So I am special,” I said. I could feel her tense back muscles beneath the sponge. “I figured that we were a little closer than just friends,” her voice became higher pitched the more she said.

“I am glad to say that I feel much the same way about you,” I said and the sponge went further down towards her tail. “I wasn’t sure if this was as obvious to a human as it would be to another dragon.” She turned around and gave me a coy look. Now I was sure that a dragon could definitely give me the bedroom eyes. That was of course before her face twisted in desperation and she turned away. I didn’t understand why she did this to herself, didn’t her desperation take away from the intimacy? Did she really want to continue things like that?

I guided the sponge over the back of her thighs in small circles, traveling forwards to her stomach. A low grumble emanated from her chest as I reached her smooth lower belly. I pressed my body against her back to reach that far around her waist. She tried to turn around, but I gently pushed her back.

I didn’t know what I was doing but between her purring and desperate twitching I thought that I was doing something right. Even if this was just sensual scrubbing. I let my hand reach further down and my fingers touched a rock hard bulge on her lower stomach. I stopped in surprise as she flinched and narrowly avoided stepping on my bare feet with her clawed feet.

I thought about stopping right there, but a slow moan escaped Adines mouth. Was she enjoying this? With a single finger I traced the outline of her football sized swollen bladder. Adine trembled and purred the more pressure I put on it. She was definitely enjoying this. Her soft and playful moaning combined with her trembling against my body got me excited as well. I was poking her backside, even through my underwear.

Grabbing the sponge again I described gentle circles on her bladder. Then I pushed for the first time. We both stopped in surprise as a jet of hot liquid drummed against the shower floor. I just made her piss herself and I didn’t know how to feel about it. Adine clenched her legs together as she struggled to regain control. I took a step backwards as the warm puddle touched my toes. Then came the smell. I wouldn’t say the smell was pleasant at all, but right now it was as arousing a scent as I knew.

She turned to me, her face a mixture of embarrassment and pleasure. “You have strange tastes,” I said and cocked my eyebrows at her. Her face grew as red as a ripe tomato. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have done this, I know it’s weird and strange but-” I put my finger up to her mouth to silence her. I loved her and somehow this wasn’t the worst for me. In a way it was strangely arousing to see her squirm and moan as I touched her overfilled bladder. Still holding my finger to her mouth and without breaking eye contact my hand traveled south, past her bladder and even further. It hit the floor.

Adine started to giggle behind my silencing finger as my face turned to confusion. “You won’t find anything interesting while I’m sitting.”

“What a shame, but I already did,” I said and pushed down with my palm on her bladder. Adine winced and moaned as the pale yellow puddle beneath her grew in size. “Not fair,” she gasped.

I didn’t know what else on her body I could touch for an added effect, so I got her to turn around. I tried to push her on her back, but it wasn’t easy until she realized what I was trying to do. Then I saw it. Her private area normally did a great job of hiding in plain sight, but not when it was swollen and waiting like this. It was easy to see the bulge of her bladder poking out on her slender body like this too.

Adine watched with interest as I sat down on top of her lower belly, just below her bladder and above her private area. I slid backwards until I felt her pulsing privates below me. “I’m not actually sure what you are doing,” she said. I wasn’t either, so I responded by placing my hand on her bladder and pushing down. Her face contorted as she fought me for control. This time she won and did not lose it, much to my disappointment.

I pushed down further and further until the pressure became to much for her and a hot stream of urine hit my bottom. It was hot, hotter than the shower. My erection shot out of my underwear as the heat crept up through the fabric. None of this would go in any report ever. I was getting peed on by a dragon and I was starting to enjoy myself. Of course it was because of Adine that I enjoyed this and the cute face she made when she fought for control over her own bladder. “So that’s what humans are like. It’s a little different from us,” Adine said, looking straight at me. Even after all that happened, this was embarrassing so I did nothing but smile as relaxed as I could.

My hand went back to tease her bladder as this was so far the best place I had found on her body. The rest I was saving for later. Caressing her bladder I found that it wasn’t as rock hard as before.

I continued tracing it with my fingers but only got her to purr this time, she wasn’t at her absolute limit anymore. I turned myself around and slid back on her smooth scales. Merely sliding over her swollen privates made her leg twitch in excitement. She gasped for air as my body weight slid further upwards and over her bladder. I lowered my head until it could reach her privates.

The smell of soap mixed with hot dragon urine and other fluids was something that could only be described as intoxicating. I kissed her lips. She giggled softly. “This is much different than anything I expected,” she admitted. She hadn’t seen anything yet. I was set on delivering the best experience I could give her.

With my tongue I described small circles on what I hoped was the right place. Adine’s purring got louder with every new circle I described. “I should warn you,” she moaned and gasped for air. “You’ll get more than you hoped for if you continue right ther- AAH.” Her muscles clenched together in a single powerful spasm and a jet of urine hit me straight in the face like a high-pressure washer. I was sure that I swallowed some of it and I didn’t like the taste at all. Adine convulsed and twitched and more jets of urine shot out of her like a broken sprinkler. She let out a long and drawn out breath as her body stopped twitching and slumped down on the shower floor.

I pushed down on her privates to redirect the steady hot stream of urine that was splattering against my chest. Even with my hand pressed against it the pressure didn’t subside.

Knowing that the effort was futile I slid of her down one side and laid on my own back in a puddle that I knew wasn’t water. The only sound besides the gentle pattering of her stream against her scales were her ragged exhausted breaths. We both laid in her puddle, staring at the ceiling.

“Wow,” she said after her stream had finally died down and turned her head towards me. “How was that for round one?” I asked. Her tongue slid out of her mouth and played along her lips. “When my horoscope this morning told me that I’d be swimming in gold, I did not expect this. I mean I had hoped for something like this, but not so fast,” Adine said and turned away in shame.

“What would you have done if I wasn’t into this,” I asked. “Uhmm,” she started, startled by the question. “Playing it off as a mistake because I didn’t want to be rude by leaving you alone in my living room?” I chuckled, knowing that I would’ve accepted that without further explanation.

There was still one question that burned on my mind, even more now that I was starting to enjoy the thoughts about what we just did. “How did you figure out that you were into this?”

“I wet myself after a long and exhausting training session when I crashed into the sand and I got a little more excited than I should’ve. That led to more ‘experiments’.”

She turned to look at me. “You must think I’m pretty strange now right?”

“After what I just did?” I reached out to turn her head towards me. “I think you are amazing Adine and now I am now intrigued by your ‘experiments’.”

The wet puddle beneath us started to turn cold. I propped myself up and pushed the button for hot water. Adine turned herself back around and got up too. “How about a cleaner round two?” I asked. Adine nodded. “Then let me step out to the toilet real quick, even after all of that I’m not done.” I grabbed her wing as she turned around.

“We have a saying back at home,” I said and she cocked her head in confusion. My other hand rested against her chest and slowly slid down as I was talking. “There are those that pee in the shower and those that lie.” Her confused smile turned into something a little mischievous as my hand rested below her privates. A last slight tremble went through her body and I felt a hot stream flowing between my fingers. She leaned in closer and whispered in my ear. “You found all of my buttons awfully quick you know that?” Her tongue flicked against my ear. “Now allow me to find yours.”

*002*2019-04-22 15:04

Thank you.

