Bug Fables Omorashi

Author: ThatYellowSuit

*000*2022-09-18 23:53

Hey people of the most of the world long interwebs. I am here to fill (with pee) a void I have noticed when it comes to omo fiction. Now as anyone who's played the game can tell I have a Bug Fables profile picture. And I've been desperate (see what I did there) to read some, so I decided to make it! I don't know when ill be releasing but I hope to get it out soon.

*001*2022-09-19 00:38

Vi better bee holding!

For context this takes place right before chapter 3 starts, as Team Snakemouth begin to head into the desert to reach The Hive.

"So Vi, how do you feel about heading back to your old home?" Asked Kabbu.

"Well I guess I'm fine." Replied Vi with a hint of stiffness in her voice.

"Is something wrong with going back to your home Vi? Shouldn't you be happy to see your friends and family again?"

"Well you see, I don't really have friends and family anymore after I left..."

"ok." Replied Lief, not really caring.

"ok? JUST OK!? Vi has told us that she doesn't have a family anymore and all you have to say to that is ok!?" Yelled Kabbu, obviously annoyed at Lief.

Due to the sudden yelling by Kabbu, Vi was startled and pushed her legs together, which Lief took notice of.

"Hey Vi, you good? You seem...stiffer, than usual." Asked Lief.

Due to Lief's question Kabbu turned towards Vi,

"Oh? Are you good Vi? Do you feel fine? If you're sick I will make it my duty to protect you!" Said Kabbu his speech causing his shell to flutter like a cape in the wind.

"No Kabbu I'm...fine, yes just fine. I'm good yep! Don't need to bring it up anymore!" Lied Vi.

"Look Vi, based on the way you're talking you're very obviously not fine. If somethings bothering you, we can probably help." Stated Lief.

"Ok" sighed Vi, "I'll tell you. I kinda sorta, need to pee."

"Oh? Is that all? Well we can just head back to town and you can go there." Kabbu said, relieved it wasn't something worse.

"Well...that's the issue, I can't."

"Why not? If it's a shy bladder thing we can go somewhere else while you use the bathroom." Asked Kabbu

"Its-it's not a shy bladder thing. Due to bee's and wasp's differing body structure to other bugs the only toilets we can use are in The Hive and The Wasp Kingdom. That's one of the reasons bees don't leave The Hive to do anymore than single day trips." Explained Vi.

"Oh, well it's a good thing we're heading to The Hive anyway." Said Lief.

"Yes it's great, now could we walk a little faster?" Asked Vi, ready to get going.

Team Snakemouth then walked through the desert searching for the eternal root. Vi walking along a bit behind the rest of the group, taking deliberate steps in an effort to ease her bladder. After another ten or so minutes they reached the town.

"Oh can we please hurry up now?" Begged Vi with her hand between her legs.

"Oh! I didn't realize it had gotten that bad! Come Lief, lets get on the elevator." As Kabbu motioned to the elevator.

After an agonizingly long elevator ride, all the walking had obviously taken a toll on Vi, she rushed to the door to The Hive but before she could get in and have her sweet release, a guard stopped her.

"All visitors of The Hive must go through a quick scan." Stated the guard, with no regard for her current state.

After waiting what felt like minutes for the scan to be over Vi finally rushed into The Hive, she ran to the closest bathroom and...

"Occupied."

No, this could not be happening to her, she thought. She leaned against the door, doubled over hoping that they would come out before it happened. Minutes passed by, Vi, still there was basically crying at this point. Her bladder was so full, who little body just couldn't hold it.

"Please, don't let this happen." She whimpered.

And then it happened. All the urine came pouring out of her as though a pipe burst. She couldn't stop the flow and sank into her own puddle, still peeing the entire time. She sat there in her own wetness until the bathroom door opened.

"Hmph. I guess I was right, you are a child." Zasp scoffed as he came out of the bathroom. Making sure to step around Vi's puddle.

*002*2022-09-20 00:15

Mothiva's Grand Squirm!

For context this take place during chapter 2 in the Venus Festival section and follows Mothiva and Zasp.

"Great job on your show tonight Mothiva!" Said the owner, obviously happy about his big boost in revenue from whenever Mothiva performs.

"Thanks! And thanks for having me!" Mothiva replied through a fake smile.

It gets really tiring having to fake your personality like this constantly but it comes with the job. Now to have some me time Mothiva thought.

Mothiva then precedes to sneak around the backside of the Venus statue to meet Zasp for their plan.

"Oh Mothiva, your shows over already?" Asked Zasp

"Would I be here if it wasn't?"

"No."

"Yes, okay, so what's the plan?" Questioned Mothiva.

"So, basically we wait behind this set of bushes right? And then Team Fakemouth comes through and gets the stuff we need to get to Venus for us and we beat them up and take their stuff." Zasp explained.

"Seems pretty simple." Said Mothiva.

"That's the idea. Oh also I got you a Berry Juice as a gift, its sitting over there." Zasp said, and motioned to a rock with the Berry Juice on it.

"Thanks."

Mothiva walked over and drank the Berry Juice, downing it in about fifteen seconds. Man I didn't realize I was that thirsty, Mothiva thought.

Zasp and Mothiva jumped behind some bushes waiting for Team Snakemouth. Mothiva not taking notice of a slight feeling from her bladder.

After waiting about half an hour Team Snakemouth finished the ceremony and got past the Venus statue only to find the elevator broken. Mothiva began to listen in on their conversation.

"We came all this way for it just to be broken!? What did we go through that ceremony for nothing?" Vi grumbled.

"Now don't be rash, this is probably a test from Venus herself! Thank you Venus for the fun little puzzle that we now get to do!" Kabbu yelled up to the mountain.

"Can't Vi just fly up there?" Asked Lief in a disinterested voice.

"Yeah! I can! See you guys. I'm going up there!" Vi said as she began to fly away.

"No Vi. That would be cheating." Kabbu said, wanting to do a puzzle given by the gods themselves.

"Fine. I'll do the stupid puzzle." Vi grumbled while landing back on the ground.

They then walked down the path to find something to fix the elevator.

This hadn't been much of a distraction for Mothiva who was starting to take notice of a building pressure down there.

"Hey Mothiva!"

Mothiva jumped and pushed her legs together.

"Y-yes Zasp?"

"I set up some cameras to watch them while they get the parts so we know when they'll get back." Explained Zasp, proud of himself.

"Yes that seems good." Replied Mothiva "Very useful."

Is Berry Juice really that much of a diuretic? Mothiva thought. Well I don't have to drink anymore so I guess ill be-

"Oh also Mothiva a bought more Berry Juice so we could drink it together!" Zasp excitedly said.

Great, just great, Mothiva thought. It's not like I could say no, I'm going to regret this.

Zasp and Mothiva drank the Berry Juices together, Mothiva now with her legs crossed realized how big of a mistake she just made.

After an hour Team Snakemouth finally got back from completing the puzzle.

Zasp motioned to Mothiva to get ready to get out of the bushes. Mothiva was preparing her bladder for the jolt it was about to get.

"Not so fast!" Zasp yelled hopping out of the bushes. Mothiva then walked out stiffly.

"We will be the ones to get to Venus and collect the artifact!" Zasp continued to yell.

"Zasp? Why are you here? Aren't we supposed to be on the same team?" Asked Kabbu.

"N-no! Were the better team and we will prove it to the queen!" Mothiva said, trying to sound confident.

"Prepare for battle!" Zasp yelled.

The battle begins and Zasp is fighting Kabbu and Lief but Vi is going after Mothiva.

"Hey Mothiva! Catch!" Vi yells as she throws her Beemerang

"No please!" Mothiva pleads before being hit and digging her hands into her crotch.

"Mothiva?" Zasp looks over, "Are you okay?"

Zasp stops fighting and runs over to Mothiva.

"Zasp...I-I need to pee."

"Mothiva." Zasp begins holding her hand and starts walking with her.

"Hey what's going on Zasp?" Asks kabbu.

"Does Mothiva need to pee? Ha,what are you a baby?" Vi jeers.

"S-shut up!" Mothiva yells, digging her hands deeper in her crotch. "I'm fine!"

Mothiva turns around trying to get into a fighting stance with her hands still in her crotch.

"Oh this is absolutely hilarious! You know what should make it even funnier? If I forced you to pee yourself!" Vi readies her Beemerang.

"Don't burst a pipe!" Vi yells as she throws the Beemerang right into Mothiva's bladder.

So much force pushed into her bursting bladder causes her legs to buckle and her to fall to the ground.

"Stay in, please for the love of Venus stay in!"

She held back the floodgates for a little while longer but she needed to find somewhere to go quickly. Mothiva barely hobbled up and started shuffling to any small bit of privacy she could find.

But it was all too far away and the dam broke. All the pent up pee forced down the walls of her bladder and poured into a puddle on the ground. Her body may have been in ecstasy but her mind was in panic realizing what just happened.

"I-I'm finished." Mothiva collapsed into her own puddle as all the strength drained from her body.

Zasp comforted Mothiva as Team Snakemouth got bored and left to go find Venus.

*004*2024-03-28 06:32

Well folks, guess who's back, back again.


