Pee in a lecture

Author: TopCat31

*000*2023-07-10 23:23

Story for y'all, hope you enjoy

Emma breathed heavily as she took notes gently rubbing her thighs together feeling the dampness of her undies against her skin. Enjoying the sensation and the naughtiness of what she'd done.

20 MINUTES EARLIER

Grace and Emma were in their final year of uni, both had been sitting in an insanely boring business module lecture for just over 2 hours. Neither of them understood why they had to take the module, as they were on engineering courses, but they took notes and just quietly got on with the nonsense being set by the lecturer.

Emma was bored out of her mind, the only thing to occupy her mind was that she had to pee. She'd flipped the back of her skirt up so she wasn't sitting on it at the beginning of the lecture, mostly coz it felt mischievous to sit directly on her underwear touching the seat.

Casually she glanced over to Grace who was occupied taking notes, there was an empty seat between them so they got more room and they were sitting at the back of the half filled lecture theatre. Emma straightened up a little, tensed her core giving a little push on her bladder. She felt a small jet escape hitting her underwear creating a wet patch.

Carefully surveying the room ensured her no-one was looking or noticed what she'd just done allowing fear to give over to thrill. The feeling wasn't enough to occupy her mind for very long so she gave another little push, as before, a jet escaped and the damp sensation grew. She quickly tensed shut convinced she heard herself hiss.

Fear gripped Emma as she felt fluid pool around her crotch, she'd leaked too much. Her underwear had absorbed as much as it could and would now leave a puddle on the hard plastic chair, that was not what she wanted or intended. She checked Grace hadn't heard the hiss out the corner of her eye. Grace was still taking notes, she was clear, now not sure if there was a hiss at all.

The damp sensation between her legs felt good, Emma was wondering if she could avoid leaving a puddle. She couldn't remember what underwear she'd put on that morning but felt the leg bands hugging her bum so it wasn't a thong, they were full cut. Armed with that knowledge she rolled her hips forward pretending she's stretching, hoping that the excess pee would get absorbed by a fresh part of her underwear. That was 20 minutes ago and there was still about 20 minutes of the lecture to go. She was enjoying her damp knickers but her chair had become uncomfortable.

Her mind went to how her current circumstances arose. A few months before she'd gone out clubbing with friends, during the night she had an accident, she put that down to alcohol, in the morning she woke up in a wet bed. She realised that she'd enjoyed both feelings. Since then she'd routinely wet the bed deliberately and had started peeing in naughty places, predominantly sinks and her underwear.

Breaking her trail of thought, Grace had leaned over, whispers "I really hope she finishes soon, I'm bursting for a pee" Looking at her notes Emma breaths out sharply and smiles in amusement, but responds "me too". The girls knew there was a disabled toilet just around the corner that no-one used. The lecture hall was in a remote corner of the uni and at a dead end corridor, only other room being the toilet at the end.

Grace was wearing a stripey top and a pair of leggings, her knee was bouncing up and down slightly, she must have to go. Just then the lecturer puts up a slide full of text and tells the room to get it down then they can go. Soon people started leaving, Emma pretended to write, she wanted to be the last ones to leave in case of a puddle. Grace urged Emma to leave, knowing neither of them cared, Emma just told her "one more second".

The last students left the hall swiftly followed by the lecturer. Emma stood up when the door closed, she glanced at her chair but evidently not subtle enough as Grace pulled her arm looking at Emma's seat. There was a glistening patch were the plastic seat was wet. Grace said with some concern "Em, did you pee again?". Emma's heart was pounding but she opted for honesty, admitting "yeah, it's ok, could we use the disabled toilet next door and talk?" Grace nods understandingly and gets up following Emma out the door.

They get to the toilet door, Grace asks "mind if I go first... since?" Indicating to Emma's groin. They were alone in the corridor, Emma opened the door, the light blinked on, we'll share. It wasn't the first time they shared a bathroom so Grace went in closing and locking the door behind her without objection.

Grace dove for the toilet, somehow pulling her leggings and thong down as she moved. Emma laughed at her friends sudden burst of speed, slightly impressed by the dexterity and noted jesting "You must really have to go". Grace laughed stating "another 5 mins and there would have been a puddle on my chair too" hearing her stream hit the toilet Grace's tone turned concerned again "Em, you've been having a quite few accidents lately, is everything ok?"

Ignoring her friends concerned tone Emma drops her skirt revealing a pair of light blue, low cut, bikini knickers with penguins printed on, also sporting a large wet spot that went up the back slightly. Emma admired them remembering putting them on that morning, asking Grace "how wet are they" as she turned her bum towards her. Grace sat upright on the toilet, flow still going, her black leggings and yellow SpongeBob thong round her knees, quizzed "you peed on purpose?" Emma just gave a mischievous smile.

The sound of Grace's flow reminded Emma she needed to finish her pee. Grace watched as Emma moved over to the sink and positioned herself over it. Looking around, as if to check for people and exclaimed "you're gonna go in the sink?". Emma smiled, shrugged "why not I still gotta go" Grace further noting "through your knickers", smiling again Emma rebuffed "they're already wet" a trickle started between Emma's thighs, weighing down her knickers slightly as the wet patch darkened again.

Grace perplexed by the situation noted "you're enjoying this?" Emma said defensively "oh, like you've never peed yourself or in a sink" knowing full well the answer but adding "you enjoy being spanked" as if to deal a finale blow to an argument. Grace blushed at the memories of peeing herself and in sinks, then of being spanked"

Grace said "Em, I wasn't judging, just surprised and relieved you're ok" sensing she'd been abit quick on the draw Emma said apologetically "sorry, didn't know you were worried and I'm not judging you either" both girls smiled to amend from the exposed emotions.

Grace's stream had stopped so she up pulling up only her thong, stepped out of her leggings over to the sink. She'd deliberately chosen not to wipe knowing a few drips would appear on her thong, as her underwear absorbed the left over pee, causing some dark yellow specks to appear as she moved. Emma smiled at Grace's deliberate move and not pulling up her leggings allowing her to see, when they were younger they agreed to not wipe after peeing as a waste of paper, declaring that undies could deal with drops. It was funny to see they'd both kept the practice up.

Emma wiggled her hips to shake off the drops from her knickers and hopped off the sink, joking "feel like the kid who'd wet herself at school like this" as they washed their hands together. Grace looked at her laughing "you did!" nodding to her wet knickers. Emma's nose crumpled up in amusement "oh yeah" causing them both to laugh.

Pulling up her leggings and adjusting herself as Emma replaced her skirt and did the same, Grace asked "do you wanna go back to the room and change before shopping?" refering to the shopping trip they had planned after the lecture and Emma's wet state. Emma opened the door, checking the coast was clear before replying "nah we'll get me a thong in town" they giggled and chatted as they set off towards the car.

*002*2023-07-11 16:02

{{1 hour ago, Keita123 said:

Cute story!

}}

Thank you, never really sure if anyone likes my stories. If you like the characters, all my stories are based around them, so feel free to check out their other adventures 🙃

