Wet and Messy Wettings

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-06-26 20:58

I love wet and messy stuff, so I decided to make a story combining it with wetting.

Chapter 4 contains messing, but Chapters 1-3 do not. If messing turns you off, skip Chapter 4. (Which, so far, is the last chapter)

Wet and Messy Wettings

Chapter 1: Wetting in Mud

Sally was a very beautiful girl, age 23, with brown hair.

One day, after some hard rain, Sally went for a walk around town. She was wearing a black T-shirt and short, tight jean shorts, with white panties underneath. At the park, she saw a patch of dirt that was now very muddy. She smiled, walked over to the mud, and sat down in it, dirtying the seat of her shorts. She giggled at the wet, squishy feeling and wiggled her rear end around a bit in the mud. She absolutely loved getting wet and messy.

Soon, she had to pee. So she stood up, giggling light at what her shorts must look like, and then lay facedown in the mud, dirtying her front half. She wiggled around in this position for a bit, and then she peed through her shorts into the mud. The warm, wet feeling felt wonderful, and the naughtiness that, as far as anyone knew, assuming they were even around to witness this, she was just playing in the mud. No one knew she was peeing herself too.

Once she finished peeing, she sighed of relief and pleasure and lay there for a while before she got up and returned home, taking a bath in her messy outfit. Last week she had dreamed about doing this, and woke up in wet pajamas, much to her delight.

Chapter 2: Sploshing and Wetting

One night, Sally felt like getting messy again. She was wearing her same black T-shirt and jean shorts, which had cleaned nicely from last time. She put a cake with chocolate frosting on her chair, then sat on the cake, wiggling her butt vigorously around and dirtying the seat of her shorts. She drank a 2L bottle of soda, spilling some down her front, then covered herself in vanilla frosting, chocolate syrup, butterscotch pudding, and whip cream. She stood up, sprayed some whip cream down her shorts (but outside of her underwear), and sat back down on the cake, her tush making a squelching sound, much to her amusement.

Eventually, she decided it was time for bed. She cleaned up the mess, but not herself. She grabbed her sleeping bag, filled it with whip cream, and climbed into it, still in her messy state. She really enjoyed the feeling of this.

By now she really needed to pee. She had drank a 2L bottle of soda, after all. And she hadn't gone to the bathroom since an hour before her sploshing session. She prolonged her desperation for a bit, fidgeting around where she lay, partly to make the warm release all the more satisfying, partly because she liked the feeling of moving around inside her whip cream filled sleeping bag.

After about half an hour of holding it, even though she probably could have held it longer, she let go and peed right there. The soft hissing noise could be heard, and soon a pee smell reached her nostrils. She sighed of relief and giggled at what she was doing. Once she finished peeing, she lay there before she fell asleep.

When she woke up, she had to pee again. So, she let it all out right away, lay there in her own pee and the whip cream for a while, before getting out of her sleeping bag. She was covered in whip cream, and underneath that, frosting, pudding, and syrup, and her shorts were very soggy. She walked into her backyard, turned her sleeping bag inside out, rinsed it off with the hose, then rinsed herself off. She let the sun dry her before putting her sleeping bag in the wash.

Chapter 3: Wetting in the Swamp

One day, again wearing her usual outfit, Sally drank a big pot of coffee and a big soda, and rode her bike to a nearby swamp. The water here was dirty and smelled absolutely foul. But it wasn't toxic. It was harmless, just most people didn't want to get dirty or stink really bad. Sally wasn't most people.

She sat down in the swamp water, wiggled her butt around a bit, then got up and ran around, pretended to trip, and fell flat on her face. She got into a sitting position, her front half soaked, and then she stood up, pretended to slip, and fell on her bottom. She splashed around, pretending to be angry at getting covered in swamp water, but really she was splashing herself.

Then, she got on her side and lay in the swamp water, with her knees and arms bent. By now her drinks had gone through her and she really needed to pee. So, pretending like she was asleep and was wetting the bed, she released her stream into her swampy shorts, making the swamp water even dirtier. She lay in this position for a few minutes before she got up, got back on her bike, and rode to a pond that was not far from the swamp. She jumped into the pond and swam around, rinsing herself off. When she got out, she sniffed herself. She still stank of swamp water, but it would be harder for people to notice. She got back on her bike and rode back home.

As she rode by a girl, the girl sniffed. She could have sworn there was a foul smell in the air, but it seemed to be gone. She looked after Sally, then shook her head and walked away. Probably the wind blowing the fumes from the swamp her way for a brief second.

Once Sally was home, she got into the bathtub and started washing herself with soap, still in her wet, stinky outfit. She had to pee again, so she peed in the tub, turning the water yellow, giggled at this, and then washed herself some more.

Chapter 4: Messing in Mud

Sally was playing in the mud again, as usual wearing her black T-shirt and jean shorts. She was completely covered in mud, and fidgeting, for she had to go to the bathroom.

As she was fidgeting, she farted loudly. She giggled, finding farts to be absolutely hilarious, as well as enjoying the dirty feeling it gave her. But after a few more dirty wet farts, she realized she had to do more than just pee.

She considered her options. It would be a shame not to pee herself on a mud session. She always peed herself on mud sessions. It was part of her routine. But she had never messed herself before. She then wondered, why not? She loved getting wet and messy, and cleanup from a sploshing session inside was always a lot of work but she was willing to put up with it, so what was some poop in her shorts?

She made up her mind. Sitting in the mud with her legs spread, she blasted a power pee in her muddy shorts. As she did, she noisily filled her shorts with hyperscat. Once she was done, she sighed in relief and wiggled her butt around, feeling her mess squish under her. It was like having whip cream down her shorts, but naughtier. She sniffed the air, and could easily smell the mess in her shorts. This was rather fun. She let out a sloppy wet fart, sat there for another ten minutes, before she got up and headed home.

A man she walked by sniffed. "Did you just fart?"

Sally blushed. "No. I, uh, mistook some manure for mud. By the time I smelled it it was too late. I really need a bath."

The man shrugged and walked away. Everyone in town was used to seeing Sally covered in mud but no one knew she was kinkier than that.

She returned home, rinsed herself off with the hose in her backyard, and took a bath in an inflatable pool. She spent ten minutes washing her dirty rear end with soap. As she sat there, sparkly clean, she farted in the tub, and giggled at the bubbles.

