Ahsoaked (An Ahsoka Fanfic)

Author: Throw Away

*000*2017-10-24 18:08

"Skywalker, Tano; To Vjun, go, you must. Sense the darkness there, I do."

Yoda raised his eyebrows and peered at Anakin. They must have shared some unspoken connection, because when Anakin did speak, it was in a strange tone.

"I understand."

Ahsoka, on the other hand, was distractedly cleaning her lightsaber's hilt.

"Ready when you are!"

The two bowed to Yoda, and left the room in single file.

###

Anakin walked to his starfighter and began packing supplies, with Ahsoka following behind him.

"You ever been to Vjun?" she asked cheerily.

"Once. I hate the place. Lava, sand, and if that's not enough, sometimes it rains acid." Anakin grimaced and slammed shut the compartment that he had put his rations in. A subtle beeping emitted from his holowatch. Anakin held it out and watched the projection. Master Windu was talking. "Here are the plans: We've received anonymous information that the Separatists are building some sort of factory on Vjun. We think that they may be utilizing the lava to build heavily armored droids. Go there and see what you can find out. Be cautious, and may the Force be with you."

A map flickered up from the base of the emitter, and was reflected in the two Jedi's eyes.

"Well, we've still got an hour."

"Might take a while to get there. Ahsoka, make sure to stay hydrated. We don't want any problems."

"Alright, Master." He handed her a green canteen marked '700 mL.'

"I'm serious. You'll probably need about three of those so you don't dry out and shrivel up when you step out of the ship."

"I'd look like Rotta the Hutt."

"You already do."

"Very funny."

Ahsoka went to gather her supplies.

###

"Ahsoka, it's time to leave!"

"Hang on, I'm gonna take a quick bathroom break."

"If we don't leave in the next two minutes, that hyperspace lane might close. Besides, you can go when we get there, it won't take as long as I thought."

There was a short comms silence.

"Well, I guess."

"C'mon! We can't be late, Snips."

Ahsoka sprinted out from behind the doorway and performed a rather stunning flip into the passenger seat.

"You're piloting, right?"

Anakin laughed a little, then responded.

"I don't know if I trust you enough to fly a starfighter. 'Specially mine."

He held up his watch and requested access to the hangar doors, so that the ship could exit.

The two sailed off into the stars, and made the jump to hyperspace.

###

"Why didn't anyone equip with proper gear!? Why do I even put up with you useless lot?"

Count Dooku glared at the half-melted B-1 battle droid standing next to him. If Grievous were here, he thought, Grievous would have punched the droid. He settled for kicking it in the shin, since it was one of the few survivors. Bast Castle was an important place, but not where he wanted the factory. Dooku scanned over the map again, then concentrated his frustration and used it to find a safe spot for the factory, illuminating in orange the safest places on the planet. If it was any reassurance, he thought, the Jedi probably won't come to the Outer Rim.

###

Anakin landed the starfighter and looked at the wasteland. At least it wasn't raining. He sighed, then his head jerked the other direction, and he saw what the Force had guided him to: A pile of broken battle droids, in various states of matter.

"Look." he pointed them out to Ahsoka.

"We're getting out here. Remember, it is pretty hot here."

Ahsoka climbed out of the vehicle and realized just how mediocre and underwhelming that statement was. This planet was not hot. It was scorching. She dug her canteen out of the bag and took a long drink from it, then inhaled.

"You said there'd be a latrine, at least, here, right?"

"What? 'Course. Just go into one of the settlements. But right now, I think we should go and check out those droids."

One sat up, tried to wave, and hit itself in the head, and fell over, deactivated. Anakin lifted it back up, and pried open its back with his cybernetic hand. He yanked out the memory cell, then, for good measure, crushed the power cell and sprinkled the dust from it over the pile of skeletal, melted droids. After shoving the memory cell in his pocket, he ignited his lightsaber and watched the satisfying explosion from the pile.

"I'll have R2 analyze this to see where the droids are coming from. They're not the new ones, though."

They gave R2-D2, Anakin's astromech, the memory, and the two waited for a moment, at which point R2 projected his finds:

An image of a castle, of a tall rock formation, and of Count Dooku's rather ungainly ship.

"That is where the Separatists will be." Anakin pointed to the top of the rock formation.

"How do you know?"

"I can feel it. That is the Separatist base."

"Get back in the ship." Anakin ordered Ahsoka.

"Will do. Air conditioning."

###

Count Dooku was observing his B-1's as they set up (or tried to) a barricade in front of the base.

One of their squeaky, annoying voices piped up.

"I don't think that goes there. You were supposed to cut the wire."

Count Dooku reflected that he liked the OOM series' voices more, then sttod up and slashed through the barricade with his lightsaber.

"That," he uttered distastefully, "would have been useless."

The Count rolled his eyes and sat down, resigned to watching the droids assemble the final portion of the factory (The essential parts had been built four weeks ago).

I, he thought, am completely surrounded by the epitome of incompetence.

###

Anakin and Ahsoka arrived 10 kilometers away from the outpost. When Ahsoka had asked about this, Anakin mentioned that it would keep the ship off the radar.

"We've got a long walk, Snips."

"The only thing you should take is your pouch and your canteen."

"What about my lightsabers?"

Anakin just stared.

"Yes, then?"

The two of them set off, and a few minutes later, Ahsoka stopped walking.

"Yes?"

She started walking again.

"Nothing. Why don't we run? We can get there in about an hour if we do that."

"You're a pretty fast runner then, eh?"

Anakin was suddenly alarmed, and hissed at Ahsoka.

"GET DOWN."

Ahsoka mouthed "Why?" back at him.

Now whispering, he said "I must've entered the data wrong. We've only walked for twenty minutes and we're already here. That means they know."

Ahsoka sat in stunned silence and then frowned thoughtfully and crossed her legs.

"Well... We could try going in through there."

The two Jedi climbed up the rock wall to get a closer look at what Ahsoka had seen. She pointed to a hole that looked like it had been cut with a lightsaber. She poked her head in, and was greeted by a battle droid, which she promptly cut in half.

"C'mon!"

"I have some misgivings. I have a bad feeling about this."

"I have a good feeling."

"That is?"

"A feeling that is good."

"You can be kinda irritating sometimes, Snips."

"So can you."

Anakin decided to step through the hole.

###

"Sir, we've detected lifeforms in the north hallway."

Count Dooku thought for a second, then said "Send a patrol from both sides."

"Roger Roger."

###

Ahsoka and Anakin, were, in fact, not in the hallway. Instead, they were climbing through the ventilation ducts.

"Eurgh. It smells so bad in here. Whyy? Droids don't have body odor."

Anakin was passing over a squadron of battle droids (which is about four rows of five) and then his watch went off.

"Must have been the wind."

The battle droids, mused Ahsoka, think that the wind can beep. They must be less intelligent than Jar Jar.

Anakin dropped behind the droids, and with a clean swing of the blade, decapitated half of them, then leapt back, and deflected five blasts into several more. He grabbed one with the force and threw it into the ceiling, then, for the last one, he yanked away its blaster, and punched it in the face with his cybernetic hand. It slumped over, and sparked when it hit the floor. Ahsoka was wandering around the hallway, looking for doors. Anakin retracted his lightsaber and holstered it. The Jedi were now in the hallway itself. The terrifying melted droid walked around the corner, startling Anakin, who promptly stabbed it.

"That's odd. Normally, there're waves'n'waves of them."

"Well, I'm not complaining," joked Ahsoka.

For the first time in a while, Anakin smiled.

"Normally you do. But yeah, neither am I."

Ignoring Anakin's insult, she spoke:

"There's a door. it looks important."

Ahsoka bent over a little, then stood straight up.

Her eyes lit up "Oh! look, a bathroom!"

Then, from around the other corner, a swooping, batlike Count Dooku arrived, and stepped in front of the door.

"Oh? Looking for the ladies' room?"

Ahsoka, unable to think of a retort, narrowed her eyes and responded.

"Yes."

Dooku grinned and his eyes glinted red. Then he lowered his left hand, and the ceiling above the bathroom collapsed onto the floor.

"Oh well. Soon there'll only be droids and men left here anyway."

Ahsoka shifted her weight to the other foot.

Count Dooku lowered his right hand and ignited his curved blade.

He cut a hole in the ceiling and jumped away.

"Have fun!" he shouted, cackling maniacally.

Two squadrons of grey colored droids marched from the right side of the hallway.

Anakin ignited his lightsaber once more.

He swung at the first row: But his lightsaber collided with the first and bounced off. Swinging harder, the lightsaber embedded itself in the droid's side, but didn't cleave through.

Ahsoka was nervous and clearly uncomfortable. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, and clenched her hand by her side, then pulled out her lightsaber. As soon as she did this, the droids started firing. Anakin leapt back, having only destroyed one.

"I'm just going to use the other restroom."

"Ahsoka, you can't take a potty break in the middle of a battle."

"So, how many times have you wet your pants?" Asked Ahsoka, clearly annoyed.

"Fewer times than you."

"So you have?"

"Zero's less than one."

Anakin deflected two blasts, but they didn't seem to hinder the droid they hit.

"I haven't..oOh. At least not yet."

Ahsoka threw her lightsaber at the floor, cutting a hole beneath the droids.

Two fell through.

"Hand me a detonator."

Anakin moved it through the air with the force. The droids, as brainless as they were, fired at it.

It knocked about 10 over.

"Lemme try that again."

Ahsoka reached for the detonators, but stopped halfway and jammed her hand in her crotch.

"mMmMMm."

She pulled it out and grabbed a detonator.

Four more droids fell.

"We need to destroy this factory."

Ahsoka mumbled something about it.

She swung at a droid with sabers from both sides, slicing it in half.

A commando droid had, unbeknownst to either of them, crept up behind the two Jedi.

It grabbed Ahsoka's right hand, and twisted her wrist so that she dropped one of her lightsabers.

She dropped her shoto accidentally, because she had been thinking about the pressure on her bladder, and when startled by the droid, let it go to shove her hand between her legs. Anakin dropped an EMP and disabled the six remaining droids.

The commando droid turned and looked at Anakin.

"Hands up. Or we kill the girl."

Anakin holstered his lightsaber and shook his head. Two commando droids picked up Ahsoka's sabers.

The droids noticed the position of her hands.

"You too. Hands up."

Ahsoka pushed her legs together. Anakin was apparently enjoying watching her squirm, because he smiled at her. She grimaced.

The droids were escorting them to a prison cell.

"I REALLY need to pee."

"We will not let you leave this cell."

The MagnaCuffs (plasma things around Palpatine's hands in Ep.III, not the metal kind) activated, preventing Ahsoka from holding herself. Anakin glanced at her and said,

"I'm going to make this interesting. How long do you think you can hold it?"

"Maybe.." She crossed her legs very tightly.

"Five..OOoOh.." She uncrossed them and twisted her body to one side.

"minutes, at most." She shuffled her feet around.

"I'm gonna push on your bladder."

"With the Force? I'm kinda aggravated with you for..ahA.. even thinking of that."

"Alright, I won't."

"I seriously think I'm going to pee myself." Ahsoka squatted as low as she could with the cuffs.

Anakin looked rather intently at her.

"Not now, though."

Several of the grey colored guards showed up to relieve the commando droids. Anakin glanced at their feet, and noticed that they had no armor, and were mostly exposed wiring. Ahsoka looked at Anakin.

"How're we getting out? I really am gonna wet myself."

Apparently nervously sweaty, Ahsoka's left hand shorted out the MagnaCuff.

"Well, there's a start."

Anakin whispered. "Here. They forgot to take it." He gestured at his pocket with his nose.

She pulled Anakin's lightsaber to her with the force, and twisted around to slice the power coupling for her other MagnaCuff. She rubbed her wrists, and then pushed both hands into her crotch. The guards were apparently oblivious to all that was happening behind them. Ahsoka broke Anakin free, then bounced up and down, holding herself, then stepping back and forth, doing the 'potty dance.' Anakin coughed, which caught the attention of the guards, who saw Ahsoka. One attempted to blast her, but she jumped out of the way and fell on the floor. Anakin gazed down at her, and without intending to, looked up her skirt, and saw a small, coin-sized patch of yellow on her white panties.

Ahsoka, however, immediately jammed her hands in-between her legs, and whimpered. Her orange skin turned a shade of deep magenta and an almost clear yellow puddle spread from her crotch outwards. Ahsoka took her hands out from her legs and covered her face, having given up. She gasped, and let loose. Anakin could hear a soft tinkling noise from where Ahsoka was. The puddle was a centimeter in depth, and extended out into the hallway. Ahsoka's skirt and leggings were completely soaked. Anakin looked out of the cell. The droids' feet, having touched the urine, caused them to short circuit. Anakin cut through the cell's bars, ran down the hall and grabbed Ahsoka's lightsabers, slicing the commando droids in half. Ahsoka had stood up, and gazed with a sort of surreal but incomplete understanding of what had transpired.

"I just peed through my clothes. On the floor. I wet myself."

Two guards carrying a container of superheated gas walked by and slipped and shorted in Ahsoka's pee. The gas rose to the ceiling, and Ahsoka jumped on the floor. The explosion could probably have been heard several parsecs away. The two Jedi left in Anakin's starfighter as the factory and the rock formation crumbled into the lava behind them.

- - - - - - - - - - - -

