Krystal Can't Find A Spot To Pee (told to pee)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-12-11 05:09

I thought I'd do a longer story about Krystal, ending with Fox telling her to pee her flight suit, since I know some people here like those scenarios.

Krystal Can't Find A Spot to Pee

It was a couple weeks after the defeat of the aparoids. The Lylat System was relieved to be free of them. General Pepper and Peppy had fully recovered, and Star Wolf was on friendlier terms with Star Fox, though Wolf didn't want to admit it.

However, the Great Fox had been destroyed in order to get Star Fox into the aparoid homeworld core to defeat the queen. It was in the process of being rebuilt, but this would take some time, especially since Corneria was also rebuilding from the aparoid invasion, though both were coming along nicely. So, Pepper and Beltino set up a temporary headquarters for Star Fox until the new Great Fox was complete. Peppy would be able to summon Arwings and Landmasters in case of another enemy attack.

Unfortunately, that enemy attack came before the Great Fox was finished. A hostile force from another galaxy attacked Corneria.

"Why did they have to attack now?" said Slippy. "We haven't rebuilt the Great Fox yet!"

"It seems that they learned of the aparoids' attack on the Lylat System and are planning to take it over while we are still licking our wounds," said Pepper. "You must defeat them!"

So, the Star Fox team hopped in their Arwings and flew around Corneria, blasting the enemy ships until there were none left. Their commander came flying a flagship, but after a boss battle, Star Fox defeated him, blowing him up.

"They will surely strike again," said Pepper. "For now, check how other planets of the Lylat System are."

"I believe they arrived in some kind of flying fortress," said Beltino. "I will try to pinpoint their location. I will let you know when I find it."

"When you do, destroy it, and capture or destroy their leader," said Pepper. "This should end the invasion."

"Got it," said Fox. "Come on, team! Let's go!"

While Fox, Falco, and Slippy used the bathroom before they left, Krystal did not, even though she had a coffee and a big slushie today before the enemy invasion. She was not yet feeling the need to use the bathroom, and she hadn't experienced any sudden potty emergencies during the war with the aparoids so she wasn't thinking too much about that at the time, as well as being used to stopping at the Great Fox if she did have to pee mid mission. More than anything she was just excited to go on another mission with Fox.

So they flew their Arwings around the Lylat System. They quickly found that the enemy had taken over the base on Zoness. This was an on-foot only area, so Krystal got soaked in the rain. Normally she didn't mind, but she was starting to notice a need to pee. She probably could have peed while she was soaking wet and no one would have noticed, but she didn't think the situation was that desperate yet, and wanted to avoid peeing herself if possible. So once the enemies were cleared out, she returned to her Arwing and they resumed their flight.

Their next stop was on Titania, where Falco and Slippy battled enemies in Arwings while Fox and Krystal went on foot. The desert heat dried Krystal completely. Fox seemed to like the sight of Krystal in a wet flight suit even though he wouldn't say it, but the signs of this made her blush and giggle. And for the moment, being dry made Krystal feel like it was easier to hold it, even though if she did wet herself, it would not be so easily concealed anymore.

Once the enemies on Titania were dealt with and Fox got into a Landmaster and defeated the enemy commander, they returned to their Arwings. Their next stop was Fichina, where enemies were attacking the climate control center again, much to Falco and Slippy's annoyance, as the blizzard was a nightmare to deal with and they had just finished repairing the damage done to it. Krystal was glad she was in her Arwing this time because she thought that the cold would make it harder to hold it, even though her fur made it warmer for her than it would be for Falco and Slippy. Krystal was fidgeting slightly in her seat, and nearly lost it when enemies attacked her from behind, forcing Fox to take them out to save her. Eventually they defeated the enemy commander and saved the climate control center.

"Star Fox!" came Peppy's voice on radio. "Beltino has found the enemy base. I will sent the coordinates your way."

"All right, let's end this!" said Fox.

"Bring them on!" said Falco.

As they flew their Arwings towards the coordinates that Peppy gave, Krystal felt her need to pee increase. She wished she had used the bathroom before this trip. Come to think of it, she could have used the bathroom at the climate control center. Though it was starting to get urgent, she was sure she could hold it for a while.

After a long and painful flight for Krystal, they arrived at the enemy fortress at the edge of the Lylat System.

"Scanners are showing the main reactor is that way!" said Slippy. "If we blow it up, we can destroy that thing and end the invasion!"

Krystal felt a bit nervous at fighting such an important fight with a full bladder, but she hid her desperation and flew through the tunnel with Fox, Falco, and Slippy.

As they reached the room where the reactor was, a giant mecha appeared. It had an antenna on its head projecting a barrier around the reactor. "So, you are Team Star Fox, are you? said the pilot, a red dragonlike humanoid visible in the cockpit, who reminded Fox a bit of Drakor. "You who prevented me from taking over the Lylat System?"

"We're also the reason there is a Lylat System for you to attack!" said Falco.

"I am well aware of the aparoid invasion," said the enemy. "I am Lord Soso. Once I am rid of you, nothing will stop me from ruling the Lylat System!"

"If you get by us, you'll have to deal with Star Wolf next," said Fox.

"But you won't get that far!" said Falco.

They battled Lord Soso, shooting his mecha's weak points while dodging his attacks. Krystal focused on the fight as best she could, but she had to go to the bathroom really badly at this point. She was fidgeting a bit trying to avoid wetting her flight suit. But she tried to ignore her bathroom needs for the moment to focus on the fight at hand.

Eventually, Fox took down Soso with a bomb, and his mecha fell, smoke and electricity emitting from it as the barrier around the reactor vanished. Star Fox blasted the reactor until it began to explode. They flew as fast as they could back through the tunnel. They could hear the echoes of Soso cursing them from behind, but Krystal barely registered his words. She imagined that a bathroom was right on the other side of the tunnel, and got ahead of Fox. They escaped the fortress, and soon after, it blew up.

"That's that, then," said Fox.

"Excellent," said Pepper on radio. "Thank you for saving the Lylat System once again. Your reward will be transferred. Pepper out."

"Good work everyone," said Fox. "Now, let's go back to Corneria."

Krystal remembered how long the flight here had been. It had only been a moderate need to pee then, but now she really had to go.

As they flew by a planet, Krystal said "Fox, can we stop for a minute?"

"Why?" Fox asked.

"I have to go to the bathroom." Krystal blushed lightly, but she wasn't so easily embarrassed that this was a mortifying thing to say. Even if she wet herself it wouldn't be the end of the world, but she did want to make an effort to avoid it.

"You should have gone before we left!" said Falco.

"OK," said Fox. "We'll be waiting right here."

Krystal flew her Arwing down to the planet. She landed just outside a city and ran through the streets looking for a bathroom. She found a convenience store and ran into it, but the bathroom was out of order.

So she ran as fast as her legs would carry her to the mall. But today was very busy, so when she ran into the ladies' bathroom, all the stalls were full. She stood in front of the stalls, holding herself and pee dancing, but after five minutes, none of the occupants of the stalls seemed to want to come out. She didn't hear so much as a flush. With a groan, she ran out of the mall. She searched around the mall for another bathroom, but this seemed to be the only one.

So she ran out of the mall and towards another store, but after running around the store, it seemed there wasn't a bathroom. So she ran out of the store and into another one. She saw the bathroom signs and ran in the direction they pointed.

"Hey, don't run around here so fast!" said a security guard who was a lynx.

Krystal stopped in her tracks, holding herself and pee dancing. "I'm sorry, I just really need to use the restroom."

"Hey, you're Krystal of Star Fox," said the security guard. "I'd say run as fast as you can, unfortunately, the bathrooms are being cleaned right now and will take about ten minutes."

Krystal groaned and ran out the door. As she ran through the city, she could feel waves of pee sloshing around inside her. She found a cafe, and ran into it, to find Star Wolf drinking.

"Hey Krystal," said Wolf. "Looks like we missed the fun this time."

"Next time I'll do better than Falco!" said Leon.

"You look really cute needing to pee," said Panther.

Krystal blushed, well aware of how she was holding herself and fidgeting. "All I want is to use the bathroom and I'll be on my way back to Corneria."

"Don't let me hold you up," said Panther. "We wouldn't want you to wet yourself."

Krystal blushed again. She was so glad Star Wolf were more rivals than enemies now. She wondered whether Panther would have tried to make her wet herself. But she pushed that thought aside for now. She ran into the cafe bathroom. She opened the stall, but to her dismay, one toilet was gone. Another was filled with sand. Another, the toilet seat was glued shut. The fourth, the stall was missing its door. The fifth, there seemed a working toilet there. Krystal desperately removed her flight suit, and, not bothering to remove her panties until she was safely sitting down, sat on the toilet... only to fall butt-first onto the bathroom floor. This made her leak a little, dampening her underwear. She whimpered, then moved her hand through the toilet, realizing it was a hologram.

She put her flight suit back on, making sure to zip all the way, and ran to the cafe owner. "The toilets in the bathrooms aren't working!" she said.

The cafe owner, a yak, let out an annoyed sigh. "This must be the work of that prankster again. I knew I caught a glimpse of him sneaking about, now I know I wasn't imagining it. Now we have to fix the bathrooms AGAIN!"

"Describe this prankster to me," said Wolf. "I'll get him for you, for free drinks here for a year."

"Oh, that would be much appreciated!" said the owner. "But take him alive."

"Very well," said Wolf. "But we'll give him something to think about."

"Especially what he put the lovely Krystal through," said Panther.

Krystal realized she wasn't going to get any relief here. "You have my thanks for avenging the possible future wetting of my flight suit," said Krystal, before running out of the cafe.

She had failed to find a bathroom at every turn. So, her only chance was to find relief outside of the city. She ran back to her Arwing, and then past it to the field outside. There were no forests nearby or anything, nor any trees, but surely there was a bush to go behind somewhere. As she ran, she could feel the pressure inside her slowly increasing even more. If she didn't find a bush to go behind soon, she might not make it.

Eventually, she found a big bush near a rock wall. This would do. She ran behind the bush, already feeling better even though she still had to pee really badly. Just as she was unzipping her flight suit, she heard some weird noises behind her. She turned around to see that there was a tunnel in the bush. There were glowing crystals lighting up the tunnel, and there were some creatures inside. They weren't attacking her, or showing any signs of aggression, but they were staring at her.

Krystal sighed in dismay. This bush was not an option. So she zipped her flight suit back up again, ran back to her Arwing, and rejoined Star Fox in space.

"That took a while," said Fox. "Are you all right?"

"I still have to go to the bathroom," said Krystal. "I couldn't find any bathrooms anywhere."

"Oh. Well, let's head back then." They flew back towards Cornernia. As they flew, Fox asked "So, what happened?"

"I'll tell you about it later, and I'm sure we'll all have a nice laugh, but I can't focus on remembering it right now. I really have to go." She fidgeted in her seat.

"Do you think you can hold it back to Corneria?" Fox asked.

"I... I don't think so..."

"Then, you can just go right here."

Krystal blushed. "Are you sure?"

"Yeah. We won't judge you. In fact... No, never mind. Just pee right here. If you can't make it back to Corneria, why suffer?"

Krystal hesitated, but she knew she wasn't going to make it back to Corneria, and was unlikely to find relief on another planet. So, she stopped fidgeting, spread her legs, and peed. She sighed of immense relief as she wet her flight suit, her crotch and rear end becoming soaked as she flooded the seat of her Arwing. She blushed, feeling a bit embarrassed that she was peeing herself, let alone deliberately, but she couldn't deny how wonderful the release felt. And it was kind of funny. And the warm wetness didn't feel terrible. In the end it was just another time getting her flight suit wet, even if it wasn't with water, mud, or swamp water this time.

Falco couldn't help but chuckle slightly as he heard the sound of Krystal peeing over their radio, a loud hissing noise and the sound of her pee dripping onto the cockpit floor in torrents. Krystal blushed, but knew that Falco didn't mean anything by it, even he would only tease in a lighthearted fashion. And she had a feeling Fox would find her cute in her peed in flight suit just as much as, if not more than, if she was soaked all over. Maybe that was part of why he told her to pee. She hoped so. Of course she knew that first and foremost he wanted to spare her the suffering that would inevitably end in a wetting anyway, and she was grateful. "Ahhhh, that's better," she said once she finished peeing. Her crotch, rear end, and seat were soaked but she felt such a huge sense of relief.

"We're gonna need a major Arwing cleanup!" said Slippy.

"Are you all right, Krystal?" Fox asked.

"Yes, I'm doing much better," said Krystal. "I need to change my flight suit and I need a bath, but I don't have to go anymore, and I'm sure we'll all laugh about this for years to come." She giggled a bit. With all the stuff they faced in the past, from Scales to Andross to the aparoids to Soso, a pee in her flight suit was just another day in the life of Star Fox. The smelly swamp water she had been drenched in on a mission before the aparoids had been a lot more unpleasant than this. Even though the inside of her Arwing smelled like pee, and there was no doubt that her flight suit and fur would smell like pee as well until she washed both her suit and herself.

Of course she had to stay in her wet flight suit and smell her own urine for the entire flight back to Corneria. They landed at their temporary base, and walked to their room. Peppy noticed Krystal's wet flight suit but said nothing.

Of course, Falco did. "Krystal wet her pants."

"Oh," said Peppy. "Are you all right?"

"Yes, it's not a big deal. I just need to wash up now," said Krystal with only a light blush.

"Would you like to wash up in my room?" Fox asked, blushing profusely and trying not to look at the wet spot.

Krystal blushed deeper. "I'd love to."

So they walked to Fox's room, and Fox filled the tub with warm soapy water, then playfully threw Krystal in, still in her wet flight suit.

"Hey!" Krystal said in a very playful way with a big smile. She splashed Fox playfully, before Fox washed her all over. Krystal really enjoyed this.

"You're sure you don't feel too embarrassed?" Fox asked.

"I'm sure," said Krystal. "It didn't feel as unpleasant as you'd think, and it seems pretty small compared to a lot of the stuff we faced, and I think it's pretty funny. And..." She blushed a little. "The fact that you told me to, made it a little exciting."

"I'm glad I could help," said Fox. "And that it wasn't too distressing for you." He then began washing her rear end, which made her giggle some more.

Soon Krystal was clean. As they waited for their new Great Fox, all of Star Fox, including Krystal, would laugh about her wet experience from time to time. In a way, Krystal almost felt it brought them even closer, as well as making her less nervous about potential future wettings, although she didn't deliberately put herself in that situation, she would always laugh it off if she wet herself again. R.O.B. cleaned her Arwing, though he couldn't get the pee smell out until the Great Fox was finished, but she didn't mind, it served as a funny reminder to the event.

