My trip going back to Indiana to colorado 1st Person view

Author: Thewetboi

*000*2023-01-08 13:23

You have to forgive me because I am a bad writer! and I'm talking in 1st protective and sorry its long and boring

Hello my name is Lily Johnson! I just had a family reunion in Indiana and I can't WAIT to get back home to Colorado but before I go I have to make sure I have everything like clothes, toothbrush and toothpaste and etc. I also have to make sure that i have extra clothes. But before I leave to Colorado we toured downtown Indiana we saw a huge unique statue and then we all got hungry and Decided to eat at a bar/restruant then we all went back to the park garage to go to the cars there were two cars a red one and a blue one. The red car took the rest of the family to the airport I started to go home and 2 hours I needed to go to the bathroom I tried to hold it but the gas station was on the other side of the highway so I had to cross a bridge to get to the gas station then there was a red light!

So I had to wait even longer at this point I was squirming and leaking. I finally got to the gas station but it was too late because by the time I pulled into a parking space I peed myself In my car. I was kinda embarrassed about this because I was worried some one would notice. So. I put my pants and underwear in my purse and ran to the bathroom to change. That was my 1st Accident on the way back. The gas station had some cinnamon rolls. So I bought some and got in the car and started to eat a little.

I saved the rest for later and started to go home once more. The 1st hour i stopped at this town call Eaton to get gas. And continue to go back home. during 11+ miles I saw this town called Casey Illinois didn't not stop though. And i continue to drive and we finally made it to Kansas Mississippi. It was getting darker i saw the town all lit up. I even saw a casino called all American star I really wanted to stop but I told myself no and continue going I also saw this budget inn burnt because of a fire a long time ago.

And heck i even saw an Airport. After 2 hours it was raining really bad and I didn't want to crash into another car or flip over or something. So I stopped at a best western slept for the night got everything that I took out of the car put it back into the car. And got gas and started to go home I kinda got lost but I found my way back to the highway and then I stopped at a the toll booth payed the toll thing. The problem with the toll road specifically this one there's no rest stop no service...

So no bathroom I had to hold it and I didn't want to pee my pants and I couldn't have just pulled over at first it was ok I had to go 50+ miles for the next rest stop. so I started to think of something that was not anything water so I would not have wet myself I got closer and closer to the rest stop to use the bathroom and that was kinda was making think about water and I thought "come on come on please make it... Don't pee yourself" we were 1 minute away and I started to squirm and start leaking... I parked the car and started to run to the bathroom and i sat down and started to go...

I guees i was in such a rush to go to the bathroom that I forgot to pull down my underwear! I was so embarrassed that I forgot to take off my underwear. But it felt good so I pulled my shorts back up with my wet underwear still on! I was kinda feeling horny. I drove for 3 hours and I got hungry and my car needed gas so i stopped at a gas station filled up my car then i parked it in the parking lot. I ate at the dairy Queen chill & grill that was in the gas station I had a cheeseburger and fries and a sprite. so i got in the car and left. I check and i was 14 miles away from Colorado.

So I continue driving and driving and driving I saw a sign saying no rest stop or service for 50 miles I really didn't pay much attention to it because at the time I didn't need to pee so I Continue driving and driving and driving and I started needing to pee so I don't pay much attention to it then I really really need to go badly i continue driving and I started to squirm so I continue driving and then I started to squirm really bad and leaking. lucky they is a shells gas station up ahead so I took the exit I started to squirm really bad and leak really bad lucky

.

I parked the car and started to rush to the bathroom but before I sat down on the toilet I bursted and peed on the floor!

