Rainbow Dash and Applejack's Bathroom Game (EqG)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2026-02-11 08:12

The Equestria Girls were at the fair one summer after graduating from Canterlot High. Going through a funhouse, Pinkie had to go to the bathroom, but she made it, exiting the bathroom with her skirt and panties dry.

"You know what would be really funny?" Pinkie said. "If we made a game where someone would go through several rooms of challenges and obstacles while really needing to pee, with a bathroom at the end?"

"That sounds fun," said Twilight. "It'll test bladder capacity, and we could throw in some questions and puzzles as well."

"How about you make it two separate paths, and whoever gets there first gets to use the bathroom?" Rainbow Dash suggested, before turning towards Applejack, silently challenging her.

"You're on!" said Applejack.

Fluttershy and Rarity blushed and giggled at the prospect of Rainbow and Applejack engaging in such a contest.

...

Some time later, Twilight and Pinkie had set everything up, and called the other girls over.

Rainbow Dash was wearing her second main outfit, a white T-shirt, a blue vest with T-shirt sleeves, and tight black athletic pants with rainbow lightning bolts. Applejack was wearing a white and green T-shirt and tight jeans.

"I hope you brought an extra pair of jeans," said Rainbow Dash. "Otherwise you'll have to stay in wet pants all day!"

"You won't be so cocky when you wet your pants," said Applejack.

"First things first," said Twilight. "You must drink an equal amount of cider. Then wait until you feel you really have to go. Then, Rainbow, you take the left path, Applejack, you take the right path, and go through every obstacle, quiz, or puzzle that stands in your way. Whoever gets to the bathroom first stays dry."

"Aaaaand, whoever loses gets a cruel and unusual punishment!" said Pinkie with a mischievous grin.

Rainbow Dash and Applejack each drank six bottles of cider. They waited at the entrance to the area, which had cameras in it and a screen for the other girls to watch.

Pretty soon, Rainbow and Applejack felt the urge to pee. They waited until it started to feel intense.

"I gotta go bad!" said Rainbow.

"I gotta piss somethin' fierce!" said Applejack.

"Then enter," said Twilight. "Good luck! And no geodes!"

Rainbow and Applejack entered the obstacle course, Rainbow through the left door and Applejack through the right door.

First there was a long hall full of soft hammers swinging back and forth, similar to pendulum blades. These wouldn't hurt anyone, but would slow them down if they weren't able to dodge them. Rainbow and Applejack made their way through, dodging the hammers as best they could. Rainbow was more agile and dodged them faster. Near the end, Applejack was hit by a hammer and fell on her butt. She was able to hold it, got back up, and continued on her way.

The next rooms contained a touch screen with a big jigsaw puzzle, of a group photo of the girls together.

"You have to solve this puzzle to go through the door," said Twilight's voice.

Rainbow and Applejack began dragging the puzzle pieces from the side to the center. They started with the corner pieces, then the outside ones. It was hard to focus on the puzzle when they had to pee really badly, and they also had to focus on holding it.

Applejack completed the puzzle first. Once the puzzle was complete, the lock on the door unlocked, and Applejack ran through the door. The next room had spinning platforms, and rising and lowering platforms. Below was a soft area, with a ladder leading back up to the entrance to this room, but no ladder leading up to the other room, meaning that they would have to jump across the platforms to reach the door. Applejack began jumping across the platforms. She was athletic enough that this would normally be easy, but she also had to go to the bathroom really badly so she had to hold it while jumping across.

"Come on, Applejack, you can do this!" said Rarity. Though she wouldn't exactly mind if Applejack lost.

Rainbow finished her puzzle and ran through the door. She began jumping across the platforms, catching up to Applejack. She felt the pee sloshing around inside her as she made her way to the other side.

"Way to go," said Fluttershy. Part of her wanted Rainbow to win, but part of her wanted her to lose.

They entered the next room at the same time. "You must answer ten multiple choice questions on animals to proceed," said Twilight's voice.

"Fluttershy must have had a hand in this," said Rainbow. She viewed the first question.

What type of rabbit is Sylvilagus Aquaticus?

1) Water Rabbit

2) Swamp Rabbit

3) River Rabbit

4) Rain Rabbit

Rainbow was sure she remembered Fluttershy speaking of swamp rabbits before so she hit B. The second question came up. "Yes!"

Applejack hit "Water Rabbit". A big X came across the screen with a buzz noise. "Oh for Pete's sake!"

"Now you must sit on that sack of ice cubes for a minute," came Twilight's voice. "Only then will you be able to answer again."

Applejack saw a thin bag of ice cubes on top of a pressure plate. She grimaced and sat down on it. It was so cold on her butt, and slightly wet, making it harder for her to hold it. She sat and fidgeted for a minute before she stood up and hit Swamp Rabbit. She then proceeded to the next question, trying to ignore her full bladder.

Rainbow's next question, meanwhile, was:

What is the average lifespan of flying squirrels in the wild?

1) 4 years

2) 5 years

3) 6 years

4) 7 years

Rainbow hit D. The "Wrong!" buzzer came on, and Twilight's voice was heard saying "Now you must sit on that sack of ice cubes for a minute. Only then will you be able to answer again." Rainbow saw the bag of ice cubes. She stood on top of it, but it made a buzzing sound. Twilight's voice was heard again. "I calculated this so that only sitting on it will register correctly."

Rainbow sighed in resignation and sat on the ice cubes. The coldness and slight wetness on her rear end made it harder for her to hold it, and she really needed to pee. So she fidgeted for the minute until the screen lit up again. Rainbow hit C and advanced to the third question.

A few of the questions they made it through first try, but they didn't know most of these and had to guess, and found it harder to think of the correct answer with how badly they needed to pee, and for most of the questions they got it wrong at least once, sometimes twice, sometimes even three times, and had to sit on the ice cubes many times. By the time they were at the tenth question, the ice cubes had mostly melted so it was less cold but more wet. The other girls giggled at the sight of their wet butts.

Rainbow made it to the next room first. It had a log-shaped platform that was rotating, above a similar pit to last time. What was worse, there was waterfalls on either side of the room. They were falling through grates on the sides, likely to go back up and continue the cycle. Rainbow let out a little whimper, and ran across the platform. Normally this would be no problem, but she could not ignore her full bladder. As she was halfway across, the log began to spin faster. Just as she reached the end, she fell off, landing on her butt. At least it was a soft landing. She groaned, stood up, and ran to the ladder near the entrance, feeling the pee sloshing inside her.

Applejack answered the tenth question and advanced into the log room. She tried to cross, but she fell off as well, and ran back to the ladder, also feeling the waves of pee sloshing around.

It took a few tries but eventually Rainbow crossed into the next room. Here, there was a rock climbing area, with a soft mat below. Rainbow climbed as fast as she can, cringing as one area required her to spread her legs, and she nearly leaked right there. But she made it to the top and through the door.

The next room had a fountain in the center making very loud water noises, with a glass cylinder around it with holes in it so the sounds were very noticeable but Rainbow couldn't take a dip in the fountain to hide any wetness. At the other end of the room was a bathroom door. Right next to the fountain was a screen with several math questions on it. Twilight's voice said "Answer 20 questions in 10 minutes and you can use the bathroom. If you fail this challenge, you lose." Rainbow gulped and began trying to figure the first question out. At least she didn't have to sit on ice cubes if she was wrong this time.

Applejack reached the rock climbing room, also nearly leaking at that spot where she had to spread her legs, and reached the fountain room, shuddering at the sound, before walking up to the screen near it and she began trying to answer the questions. They weren't super complex, but were challenging enough that focusing on them with an overflowing bladder was hard. The bathroom door was right there, so she could tell how close the relief was. But not only did she have to worry about not answering in time, but Rainbow getting there first.

Rainbow began answering the questions, but quite a few times she kept getting it wrong. "Oh, come on! I REALLY have to go!" She held herself with one hand while trying to figure out the questions. As the minutes went on, Rainbow kept getting more wrong answers per question. Just as she was trying to figure out Question 14, the screen went blank.

"Time's up!" came Pinkie's voice. In front of the bathroom door, a pink onesie with diaper symbols all over it fell, hanging from a rope. "As your penalty for losing, you must put the Humiliation Onesie on for the rest of the day!"

"No way!" said Rainbow.

"You can only leave this room after you put it on," said Pinkie's voice, as if anticipating what Rainbow would say. Rainbow groaned and put the onesie on over her T-shirt and pants. Outside, Pinkie pressed a button, and another door in the room opened. Rainbow rushed outside and ran over to the girls. "I really really REALLY gotta go!" she said. She tried to remove her onesie, but its zipper wouldn't budge.

"You can't take it off, silly!" said Pinkie. "That zipper is designed to stay in place until I turn it off!"

"I helped make the zipper," said Twilight.

Rainbow moaned. This was it. She was not getting her relief, at least not while staying dry. She sat down on the ground and peed. Her pants became soaked, and a wet spot spread through the crotch and butt of her onesie. Everyone giggled, especially Fluttershy, who was blushing. Rainbow blushed lightly, but sighed of immense relief. It felt so good to let it all out after holding it for so long, but she was disappointed at having lost the contest. Still, she got here faster than Applejack.

Meanwhile, Applejack ran out of time at Question 16. She received her Humiliation Onesie, identical to Rainbow's, and reluctantly put it on over her T-shirt and jeans. Pinkie opened the door for her, and she ran over to them. She saw Rainbow's wet state and chuckled. "Guess you couldn't hold it, could ya?" She tried to unzip her onesie, but it wouldn't come off.

"You try holding it when you're stuck in a onesie with a zipper that stays shut until Pinkie turns it off," said Rainbow.

"What the hay?" said Applejack. "But I'm about to burst!" She held herself with both hands, feeling herself leak a few times.

"You'll just have to do it in your onesie," said Twilight.

Applejack groaned. She was too stubborn to just let go, and tried to hold it, but it was no use. The trickles became a steady stream that soaked her jeans and wet her onesie. When she realized that she was wetting herself full force, she stopped holding herself as the wetness flowed down her legs.

Rarity blushed and giggled, enjoying the show.

"Haha, you wet yourself!" said Rainbow.

"Least I held it longer than you," said Applejack.

"Hehe, you got a point there. But I got to the end faster than you!"

"At the end of the day, you're both wet, and must stay wet until tomorrow morning," said Twilight.

"Let's throw a Wet Onesie Party!" said Pinkie Pie.

Rainbow and Applejack groaned, blushing lightly, but also chuckled slightly, for they did still find the whole thing to be fun, and there was some amusement in both of them having an accident.

...

So, they spend the rest of the day having fun at Pinkie's house, Rainbow and Applejack still in their wet onesies.

"Hey Applejack, how about we drink a dozen cans of soda and see who can hold it longest?" asked Rainbow.

"You're on!" said Applejack. "I held it longer than you last time!"

So they drank the sodas and sat on a mattress with protection on it. They sat and fidgeted for a while, until Applejack couldn't hold it any longer and blasted a power pee in her jeans and onesie.

"Yes! I win!" said Rainbow. She forgot to try to hold it, and felt her crotch and butt grow warm and wet again. "Oops? Hehe..."

"There was no way you would avoid that," said Sunset. "No way were you gonna hold until tomorrow morning."

Applejack and Rainbow Dash laughed, and their streams became stronger.

...

The following morning, Rainbow and Applejack woke up inside their sleeping bags. Their wet onesies reminded them of the previous day right away, and they blushed but chuckled lightly.

"Morning Applejack," said Rainbow.

"Mornin', Rainbow," said Applejack.

"I really have to pee."

"Me too."

"Wanna see who can hold the longest?"

"Nah, let's just get it over with this time." Applejack sighed of relief as a hissing noise emanated from her sleeping bag.

"Oh, all right," said Rainbow, and she peed herself again, wetting her sleeping bag.

"Good morning!" said Pinkie. "Did you go to the bathroom this morning?"

"We just did," said Applejack.

"Then, you can go free!" said Pinkie. She pressed a button, and the zippers made clicking noises. Rainbow and Applejack quickly removed their wet onesies, revealing their wet, stinky pants underneath. Fluttershy and Rarity blushed and giggled.

"Wet jeans is a good look for you, Applejack," said Rarity.

"I love you either way, Dashie, but you look really cute in wet pants," said Fluttershy.

Everyone had a good laugh, then Rainbow and Applejack ran to the bathroom to shower in their already-wet pants. And they would soon get messy again with mud in their next competition.

