The Wet Sickness - Page 2

Author: tutti.frutti

*026*2018-11-17 20:30

„I don’t think there had ever been worldwide increase in demand for one type of product like there is now. And it is diapers.“ – Marissa Maine, financial manager

V.

Deanna turned behind the corner. Maybe for the first time in her life she experienced the tunnel vision. Said tunnel started at her eyes and ended on the sign „Ladies“ on the other side of the corridor.

Was is the just-finished interview? Was she affected by the mysterious illness as well? Or was is just too much coffee? No matter the cause, she was few steps away from drenching her panties.

Deanna - the young and successful reporter - was so stressed she even tried to press her hand into her crotch, but her short tight skirt denied that. If the bathroom is occupied, her career is over, that she knew for sure. The humiliation of public wetting in studio building would be too much to bear.

It was free – thank god. Deanna rushed in, managed to lock behind her, yanked down her panties and sat down on the toilet. Stream of warm urine hit the bowl and toilet water in that moment.

She inspected her panties and she felt a hundred-pound rock in her stomach when she looked down there. Her underwear was wet. Very wet.

She finished peeing and noticed there was much less pee then expected from the level of her rapid desperation. It was exactly like the two doctors in the interview said.

Oh god what is she going to do? She nearly burst into tears. River of her thoughts was interrupted by soft knocking on the door.

„Just a moment,“ she replied as she returned to present moment. Her mind considered what to do with her drenched panties. It was logical to take it down and go to her office without panties. It was just few corners away.

But where would she put it? She had no purse with her or anything. And she cannot walk around with piss drenched panties in her hand. With that thought she pulled her panties back up and immediately felt the cold fabric stick to her shaven pussy.

She flushed and opened the door. When she looked at the person who was knocking she gasped. It was Holly Fimmel, the doctor from her interview. The one Deanna considered very attractive, smart, and...

„Are you okay?“ Holly Fimmel asked.

„Yes,“ Deann blurted while being totally red-faced.

„Are you sure? You look like you have seen a ghost,“ doctor Fimmel said in a joking tone of voice.

„Yeah, totally fine,“ Deanna tried to stay as calm as possible. But it was very hard. As hard as it can get when you have peed panties under your skirt and you feel ashamed as hell for it.

„I saw you hurry in there and I was worried for you,“ Holly Fimmel continued.

„W-what do you mean?“ Deanna asked.

„Well considering the topic of our interview we both know you count as a member of the group of young women that can potentially be affected by it,“ Holly continued calmly.

„Well, the same way you do,“ Deanna replied with a smirk. „I guess we must be nearly the same age I am.“

For the first time Deanna noticed Holly Fimmel was at least a little caught off-guard.

„That’s right. I count to that group as well,“ she replied. And as Deanna did not know how to continue, doctor Fimmel said –

„And so I need to deal with the results of it.“

And she said it with smile on her face, then walked into the bathroom, closed and locked the door behind her.

Deanna was left alone in the corridor. One part of her wanted to think about what doctor Fimmel just said. What the hell did she mean?

But then she returned to her soaked panties that made her crotch feel cold. And she quickly took off in the direction of her private office. She was very, vey confused.

Tell me people, which of the three given sub-stories you like the most and why?

