Girl desperate in a lift - maybe a real sighting

Author: Tibarary

*000*2017-11-06 12:15

Because some platforms for good pee/desperation (stories) were eliminated or inactive in the last years I think it is important to preserve such content on other sides too.

One of the hottest stories I have in my collection is the following, posted as a true experience, which I think it is.

But because it is not my story and I wasn’t there, I post this under the fiction ones.

If the real author of this fantastic sighting is here too, he can confirm the story (and I hope he isn't angry with me for share his story here.)

The story is about pee desperation, embarrassment and wetting.

____

The doors slid open and we made our way into the lift.

"What floor?" the older man asked.

"14 please" I replied

"Number 10" said the young girl.

The man pressed the buttons on the panel to the side of the door, and within a few seconds the doors closed, and the lift began to ascend.

Suddenly, we heard what sounding like a loud grinding noise, and for a few seconds were plunged into complete darkness as the lift came to an abrupt halt. Immediately the dim glow of the emergency light flickered on and we realised that the lift had become stuck between floors.

"Oh great!" said the young guy sounding really annoyed "That's all we need"

"Don't worry son", said the older man, "This happens quite frequently around here, and they usually get us out within a few minutes"

The man opened a small compartment in the wall of the lift, and pressed the button marked emergency intercom.

After a few seconds a loud crackle came from the speaker,

"Hello building security" said a rather cheerful sounding voice on the other end.

"Hello there" said the old man "For some reason the lift has stopped moving, and we appear to have become trapped between floors"

" Ok" said the voice on the other end, "There's no need to panic you're all perfectly safe. We'll have an engineer over within the next fifteen minutes to get you out".

For the next twenty minutes or so everyone just stood waiting quietly for the lift to start moving again.

During this time I had noticed that the young girl seemed to have become quite nervous about the situation, and at the time I had put this down to the fact that she may indeed suffer from Claustrophobia.

Su ddenly a loud buzz came from the speaker, which made everyone jump slightly.

"Jesus Christ, What a fright" said the young girl, as the older man reached over and pressed the button on the intercom".

"Hello" he said,

"Hello there", said the same voice we had spoken to earlier.

"Are you ok in there?"

"Yes" said the old man.

"Good, well we've identified the reason for you becoming stuck. It seems that the power has been cut to the whole building, and the emergency generators, which are supposed to be a backup for the lifts have failed to come on"

"We're not exactly sure at the moment as to the reason why, but I'll try to find out and buzz you back in a few minutes".

1 0 minutes had passed and in that time I'd twice heard the young girl ask the guy she was with how long he thought it would be before someone would be able to get them out.

"It's ok love", said the older man realising that the young girl was starting to look worried, "This happens all the time, we're perfectly safe it's just a case of waiting it out"

Just then another buzz came from the speaker, and the old man once again pressed the button to speak to the voice on the other end.

"Hello", said the voice from the speaker,

"Well we've finally managed to find out the reason for the power cut, and I'm afraid it's going to take us a bit longer than at first thought to get you out".

"It appears that some construction workers who are digging up the road at the rear of the building, have managed to sever one of the main electricity supply cables serving this block. We've been in touch with the electricity company, and they're having to send someone out to assess the damage before they can safely restore the power".

"Do you have any idea how long that will take?" asked the old man.

"I know this isn't what you want to here", replied the voice from the speaker, "But as this is a Sunday they don't have the same amount of staff working at the weekend, and therefore I'm afraid it could take around an hour before they get here"

Immediately upon hearing this the young girl turned to the guy with her and announced anxiously,

"Oh Christ Craig, It had better not be an hour before they get us out, I'm needing to go to the loo"

At this point in the story I feel I must point out to you, that hearing this girl say those words was like music to my ears.

Here I was stuck in a lift in the presence of a very attractive young girl who had just admitted openly that she had to pee, and we had only minutes before received the news that it was probably going to be at least an hour before they would be able to get us out.

I glanced over and could see that Lisa was watching me closely.

With her knowing of my interest in such things I figured out that she must have guessed by the slight smile on my face, that I wasn't exactly upset by the news that we were going to stuck here for a while longer.

Over the next 15 minutes the young girl began to chat to Lisa, and introduced herself as Debbie. She had commented to Lisa that she hadn't noticed us around the building before, and asked if we had just moved there. Lisa explained to her that her sister Claire had bought one of the flats in the building a few weeks back, and we were just over visiting for the day.

Debbie was leaning against the back wall of the lift, and ever so often I had noticed that occasionally she would bend forward ever so slightly and at the same time press her knees tightly together. My mind was working overtime, and for the past ten minutes all I had been thinking about was the fact that this young girl needed to pee.

My penis was becoming hard from the thought of her standing there holding it, and although I had a desire to squeeze myself, I was conscious of the fact that Lisa was standing less than two feet from me, and I was trying my best to remain as cool as possible.

Debbie continued to talk to Lisa, and was telling her that Craig and her had gotten married a year earlier, and had lived in the building since then.

Another 30 minutes had passed and by this time Debbie seemed to have gone from at first standing with her knees pressed tightly together, to every so often shifting from one foot to the other, and occasionally crossing one leg over the other.

"God I wished I'd gone to the loo before we left the pub", Debbie turned and said to Lisa out of the blue, in a frustrated sounding tone.

"Craig and I went down for some lunch earlier, and ended up staying a while longer so he could watch the football", she continued.

" The pub itself is respectable enough, although the state of ladies room sometimes leaves a lot to be desired, so I just decided to hang on till we got home" Debbie said, sounding like she was starting to regret her decision.

"I'm sure they'll have us out in no time", Lisa said sympathetically.

I remember thinking at that precise moment that I wasn't really bothered as to how long we were going to be stuck for. Debbie had just casually informed us that she and Craig had spent the previous couple of hours drinking in the local pub, and I wondered just how long it would take before her need to pee became much more urgent.

In the meantime I had struck up a conversation with the young lad, and was talking with him about life in general, and about what it was like living in that part of the city. While at the same time keeping one eye on Debbie without trying to make it too obvious to Lisa I was watching her.

Craig, the young girl's husband seemed to be genuinely uninterested in the fact that it was fast approaching an hour since Debbie had announced that she needed to pee, and I was really surprised that not once in the last hour had he asked her if she was ok.

For the last 15 minutes, I had been watching Debbie more closely and she definitely looked as though she was becoming much more uncomfortable from holding in the pee. She was once again leaning against the back wall of the lift, with her knees pressed together, and every so often would grimace slightly.

To be honest at this particular moment I wanted more than anything else, to ask Debbie if she was feeling ok. I knew however that if I did, Lisa would guess the reason for me asking, and certainly wouldn't be too pleased with me, so I decided on second thoughts I'd better not.

Debbie glanced at her watch and turned to speak to the older man standing near the door.

"This is bloody ridiculous," she said, sounding well pissed off with the situation.

"Th at's nearly an hour we've been stuck in here, can you please find out if they're any closer to getting us out".

The old man once again pressed the button on the intercom, and a second or two later a voice on the other end answered.

"Hello again" said, the old man "Are you any closer to getting us out of this dam lift?" he asked firmly.

"Unfort unately Sir we're still awaiting the engineer's to arrive from the Electricity Company, and there's absolutely nothing we can do until they get here ".

"We ll can you please try and chase them up" replied the old man "There's people in here needing to use a toilet!"

"I can sympathize with your situation, and promise we'll have you out as soon as we can, but I'm afraid you're going to have to bear with us for a little while longer".

"I'm sorry love", said the older man turning to Debbie, and shrugging his shoulders.

Debbi e sighed loudly, and sort of slumped back against the wall, of the lift while making a comment about people these days not giving a dam.

She had now placed one hand on top of the other, and was standing with both hands resting on the lower part of her tummy. I knew from her facial expressions that she was reaching the point where as well as feeling full, your bladder starts to hurt from the effort of continually forcing the pee to stay in.

"Are you're ok" Lisa asked Debbie quietly.

Debbie just nodded her head and curled up her bottom lip, as if trying to convince herself that she was.

At this point in the proceedings, I was also starting to feel much more uncomfortable, albeit for a different reason than Debbie. I was fast reaching a heightened state of sexual arousal from watching her standing squirming in the corner of the lift, and my penis was pressing hard against the front of my briefs.

For a few minutes I took a break from continually watching her, and stood there looking slowly around the floor of the lift. The lift itself was only about eight feet square and the thought suddenly crossed my mind that if Debbie did reach the point where she started to lose control. In such a confined space there was going to be no getting away from it.

For the next 10 minutes everyone stood around quietly without making much in the way of conversation.

For the last while the main focus of attention, and the topic of conversation had centred round Debbie complaining that she was desperate for the toilet, and I wondered if the other individuals in the lift were starting to find the situation a little embarrassing.

I however wasn't the least bit embarrassed by it all. Debbie was wearing a pale blue two-piece suit with a skirt that finished about two inches above the knee, and to be honest I was having extreme difficulty in resisting the urge to squeeze myself.

She seemed now to be struggling to stand still in the same position for more than a few minutes, and it was blatantly obvious that she was absolutely bursting to pee.

"For fuck sake" said Debbie suddenly out of the blue, sounding as though she had just about had enough of things.

"This is getting beyond the joke, when are they going to get us the fuck out of here?"

Although Debbie had already earlier expressed her annoyance at finding herself in this situation, up until now she had managed to maintain her cool. I began wondering if her sudden change in mood was a sign that she was starting to leak small amounts of pee into her knickers.

" Hey Debbie!" Craig, exclaimed, "calm down, there's no point in taking you're frustration out on other people"

"Chri st Craig, if we'd have left the pub when I'd suggested, instead of staying to watch some silly football match, then we wouldn't be in this fucking stupid situation", Debbie said angrily as if now blaming him for what had happened.

"Look", said Craig, " I certainly didn't force you to continue drinking so don't get angry with me about it. Christ you're nineteen, not nine, at least try for once and act your age"

"Fuck off Craig!" Debbie shouted back, "I just wish it was you who had to go, and then we'd see just how fucking calm you'd be about it."

By now it was becoming clear that Debbie was starting to reach the point where you begin to become seriously concerned at your ability to continue holding it. I thought back to the times in the past where I'd been in similar situations, and remembered that when first needing to go, I'd started out fairly confident that I'd be able to hold it in until I got to a toilet. As time passed and the level of discomfort continued to increase substantially, then this belief slowly turned into a realisation that very soon I just might actually start wetting myself.

The minutes ticked slowly by, and Debbie was standing with her eyes closed and was nervously biting on her lower lip, and looked to be in severe discomfort I genuinely thought that she was on the verge of tears.

I had noticed that she had discreetly moved one hand down from resting on her tummy, and although not openly holding herself, every once in a while she would occasionally gently press on the front of her skirt causing it to ride up and expose even more of her thighs.

She looked to be really suffering, and although I was enjoying watching her desperation, part of me did feel really guilty at deriving pleasure from seeing her in this predicament.

For the next few minutes Debbie stood there and very slowly the tears started to run down her cheeks.

Lisa reached into her handbag and turned to offer her a tissue,

"I'm really sorry", Debbie gasped turning to talk to Lisa with a look of panic on her face, "I just can't take this much longer, my tummy feels like its on fire"

"Oh God", continued Debbie sounding really short of breath, I honestly feel as if I'm going to wet myself any minute".

No more than fve minutes had passed since her making that statement, and in the quietness of the lift I suddenly heard what sounded like raindrops splashing onto the floor of the lift.

I quickly glanced down at the floor underneath where Debbie was standing and noticed a few droplets of pee had begun to appear on the metal floor of the lift.

My eyes were out on stalks. Debbie had one hand jammed hard against the front of her skirt, and was sucking in deep breaths of air though her teeth.

I knew that her actions were the last steps in a frantic attempt to stop any more pee from escaping.

It was obvious that she was fast losing the battle, and for the next few minutes Debbie stood there frozen to the spot while the pee continued to run down the inside of her legs.

My penis was rock hard, and my pulse was racing from watching this girl standing in front of me slowly wetting her knickers. I honestly felt as though I was going to start to cum in my pants any second.

I hadn't seen a girl wet herself for years and I couldn't believe the effect it was having on me.

Debbie must have stood there peeing for well over a minute, with the pee flowing in small rivers across the floor of the lift and in the small space I could smell its warm erotic odor.

Debbie was extremely upset by what was happening and was now standing in the corner of the lift rubbing her eyes and sobbing quietly.

Craig was doing his best to try and console Debbie, while Lisa was telling her that it couldn't be helped, and it wasn't the end of the world.

It took at least another forty minutes before the power was restored and we were able to get free from the lift.

After spending a few hours over at Claire and John's house, Lisa and me made our way home. Later that night Lisa had said to me that she had felt really sorry for the girl in the lift, and added that she would have died of embarrassment if anything like that had ever happened to her.

I had personally found the sight of Debbie desperate to pee, and eventually wetting herself to be one of the most erotic things I've ever had the chance to witness.

*005*2017-11-09 15:32

Thanks for your statements! Here is another one for you to enjoy.

###

I'll go back to something that happened to me in high school.

Four friends and I went to see a movie. Now I always hate missing a part of a movie so when I'm at the theatre I never get up no matter how bad I gotta go. The friends I went with were Kristen, Sara, and her bf. Kristen and Sara were tiny. Kristen played soccer and track so she was in amazing shape, the cutest little round bum and she always wore the tightest jeans whenever she was out. The strange thing was I never noticed a panty line on her, when I finally asked her about this (cause I was sick of guys making fun of me for that) she told me that she just got panties that were a size too small for her and she pulled them up so that the butt part went in between her bum. This was her wording not mine.

She said she liked the feeling of something pressing against her butt hole. (Something that I wondered about when I got older) From the time I knew her in 5th grade she had big boobs for her age. By the time she was in High School she was a c cup. Something I got more jealous about as the years went on. Sara was remarkably similar to Kristen just a little thinner. She was a little shorter but unbelievably even bustier (is that even a word) she was a D cup. And her boyfriend was there, who neither Kristen nor me liked, so many times we told Sara to dump him, incredibly they were still dating in college. Wow, now that I've gone off on a total rant about who was there let me get to the part that everyone wants to hear.

We were eating popcorn and had a big soda each...stupidly I chugged through mine while everyone else was careful about how much they drank. By the end of the movie I had to go quite badly, enough to make me hesitate in getting up. When I did, I got up slowly so that my bladder could adjust to the new pressure from my skirt and panties. When I was sitting I had had my fingers holding the waist of my skirt and panties away from me. But I wasn't too worried because I knew even though it felt like I'd wet myself in a few minutes, I was only 20 feet from the bathroom and there weren't many people there so there'd be no line.

However as we walked past the bathroom I noticed no one was stopping. At the time I wouldn't even hint I had to go, I was just hoping someone else would go. But they didn't, and I didn't want to hold every one up so after a longing look at the bathroom and a quick press on my crotch I kept walking with everyone else. We all piled into Sara's mom's car and took off for her house. I was pressed in the back with Sara and her bf. At least I was able to hold myself without anyone noticing under my skirt because we were so crowded. But every bump, every time the brake was hit I though for sure I was gonna lose it.

I couldn't cross my legs so it was just my will and my hand keeping back more than 1 liter of Pepsi (or what ever a large soda is, I never paid attention). I almost broke down and asked her mom to stop at a bathroom but I was too embarrassed so I just bit my lip and prayed I could make it to her house. The worst part was when were on her street. I was so close to the bathroom but she had to slow down for the speed bumps, it was taking forever!! I just kept telling myself I could last a few more seconds.

Then finally we were there. I waited to be the last to get out of the car so no one would notice me hunched over for a second as I gathered my strength to walk to the bathroom. Every step was torture. It felt like gallons of pee waiting to rush out and the only thing to keep it back was my quivering peephole. We had all decided to go swimming when we got there. And I figured I'd just go in the bathroom to change and pee, but OMG Derek went in there and I changed with Kristen and Sara in her room. I was absolutely seconds away from wetting myself. And there was no way I could hold myself being naked with everyone without looking weird. Not to mention that we always sat around and talked while we changed, so I would not be able to leave for who knows how long without attracting attention.

My mind was racing with where I could pee without making a scene. Finally I managed a weak excuse that I wanted a drink, they laughed surprised that I was still thirsty after all I drank, Kristen said I must be a camel since I hadn't peed with all I drank. I just smiled a little, if they only knew!!! I went into her mom's room cause there was a bathroom there and just pushed the door open as I lost control. I jammed my hand into my pee hole trying to stop from leaking on the floor, I did it but at the cost of wetting my panties and skirt thoroughly. I just sat on the toilet, my skirt and panties still on, and worse yet I was sitting on my skirt! It got soaked.

I started crying knowing there was no way I could stop the torrent of pee that was gushing through my skirt. I just wanted to die. Finally when I finished I was shaking from the shock of what just happened. Then I opened my eyes and saw it was worse than I thought...some of the pee had used my skirt like a water slide and a lot of it had gone all over the floor. Then a knock at the door, it was Sara's mom wondering if I was ok. I froze...did she hear me? I said I was fine, just getting changed.

OMG if she knew what her bathroom looked like, her daughter's friend soaked with her own pee from the waist down and an ever-expanding puddle of pee on her floor. Then I saw it was getting close to the door jam...I fell to the floor trying to push it back with my hands, but no luck. Desperate not to be found out I grabbed the small hand towel that was near me. It was soaked instantly. Then Sara's mom opened the door a little to see if I was ok, I had been making a lot of noise I guess.

When she saw me I felt so horrible and humiliated, I said to her that I had accidentally kept the faucet on too long and it went all over the floor, (I know...stupid statement but at the time it seemed plausible) she was such a nice mom she just laughed and said it was ok. She knew what really happened, how could she not, with my skirt being sopping wet. But she was so nice, she humoured me and told me she would take my skirt and whatever else was wet and dry it while I was in the pool. With that crisis gone I realized I had said I was getting changed, but my swimsuit was still in Sara's room (everyone always kept a spare there).

So I had to either walk through the house dripping or naked. Even at that time I loved being naked, but certainly not around anyone and I was self conscience enough around Kristen and Sara, after what just happened it was all I could do not to start crying uncontrollably. Again I got lucky because Sara's mom so understood about this. She told me to stay where I was and she got my swimsuit for me. In a few minutes I was in the pool, trying to forget about what happened. Of course before to long I had to pee again (all that soda and a tired bladder) but I was in the pool.

*008*2018-01-29 10:45

Another old story from my archive, enjoy!

It has been on a very few occasions when I’ve had anything that I felt would be worthy of posting.

I guess what prompted me to put pen to paper today so to speak, was something that happened a couple of weeks ago. Something I felt I just had to share.

For the past seven years I’ve worked as a procurement manager for a large engineering company based in central Scotland.

Although a lot of my work is office based. I also spend a fair bit of time out on the road visiting both our existing suppliers, and any new companies who I feel may have the potential of providing us with a more competitive product, or a better level of service than that which we are currently receiving.

Two weeks ago I had arranged a three-day trip to the West Midlands, an area where a lot of our current UK suppliers are based. I had also recently come across a couple of new companies, who I thought might be able to help us out with the type of work that we usually look to sub contract. So I felt this would be a good opportunity to perhaps go and check them out.

For the last six months or so I had complained on several occasions to my boss about the ever increasing workload in my department, and as a result a couple of months back he finally agreed to me getting an assistant to help me.

After interviewing a number of potential candidates, I settled in the end for a young girl who had not long left college, and was looking for her first real job.

Although very quiet, and a little bit shy at first. Gillian soon came out of her shell and has since been a great asset to the company.

She is very good at helping me keep control of the paperwork side of things, and I was pleased that in the end, I’d found someone who I felt I would eventually be able to train up on all the other aspects of the job.

For the time being though her job mostly involves communicating with our suppliers on a daily basis to ensure that the deliveries of goods coming into the plant are inline with the production requirements.

Gillian has a very pleasant telephone manner and as a result has built up a good relationship with many of the companies we deal with. With this in mind I began to think that it may well be worth her accompanying me on my latest business trip, as this would give her the chance to meet face to face some of the people she spoke to on a regular basis. So after giving the matter some thought, I decided to mention it to my boss.

I certainly felt that it would be beneficial for her to learn a bit more about the techincal side of the business, and perhaps a good way to start off would be for her to see how some of the items we purchased were actually manufactured.

I was delighted when Alan (my boss) said that he had no objections to me taking Gillian along, and I was even more pleased in the end that Gillian also seemed really keen on the idea.

The plan was that we would spend the Monday morning in the office and then leave just after lunch, so as to arrive in the West Midlands sometime in the early evening. Our first appointment wasn’t until 9.30am on the Tuesday morning, so this meant that we would hopefully be able to have a nice relaxing drive down without really having to rush.

I arrived at the office early on the Monday morning as I wanted to get a few things finished off before leaving, and was quite surprised to see that Gillian was already at work.

“Morning” she said in a cheerful voice, and smiled as I sat down at my desk.

She was dressed in a white blouse with short sleeves, and a navy blue skirt which finished a couple of inches above the knee, and I remembered thinking to myself at the time that she looked very smart indeed.

“You’re early!” I said

“Oh yes” came the reply

“I’m really looking forward to the couple of days out of the office” continued Gillian; “it will be nice to meet up with some of the people I’ve been speaking to on the phone over the last few months”.

“Yeah definitely” I said ‘it’s good to get out and meet people, I hate being stuck behind a desk all day every day, and besides that it’s always interesting to see how other companies work”.

Despite us both being in work early, the morning seemed to fly past and I was surprised when glancing at my watch to see that it was 11.52am.

“You about ready for some lunch?” I asked Gillian

“Yes”, she replied “I could be doing with a sandwich or something”

“Tell you what” I said, “Why don’t we grab a bar lunch together before we head down south? After all we’re going to be on the road for a good few hours. So better to have something substantial before we set off.

Gillian looked a little bit surprised at me suggesting I take her out for lunch. Probably because that despite the fact that we got on really well together, it wasn’t something I’d ever offered to do before. The truth was though, that I had indeed thought about asking her to go out to lunch on a few occasions prior to this. But Gillian already had a long term boyfriend. So I didn’t want to cause her any hassle by putting her in an awkward position.

“Ok then”, she replied “Sounds good to me”

“Fine” I said, “Lets get a move on then”.

We left the office and drove the short distance to a small hotel located not too far from the factory, where we enjoyed a very nice meal together.

After finishing our meal, we set off to begin the long drive south. I didn’t really want to have to make too many stops along the way, so I pulled into a filling station just before we left the town centre to fill up the car with fuel.

Whilst I was standing in the queue to pay for the fuel, Gillian came into the kiosk, went up to where the coolers were located, and returned a second later with a bottle of apple juice, and a couple of packets of sweets.

“You want anything to eat or drink for the journey?” she asked.

“No thanks” I said “I’m fine I’ve already got some mints in the car”

The journey from our factory to the area we were going to visit was one I had taken a number of times before. So I knew that depending on the traffic, we should arrive at our destination sometime around 6.00pm.

Although it was a fairly long journey, and therefore at times could be a bit monotonous, I wasn’t too bothered about that today. I enjoyed Gillian’s company and it made a nice change for me to have someone else in the car to chat to. I figured that it would also perhaps give me the chance to get to know her a little better outside of the office environment.

We had been on the road for a good few hours when the thought crossed my mind, that perhaps I should suggest stopping off somewhere for a coffee. I normally wasn’t one for taking many breaks when out on the road, as I always tended to be in a hurry to get where I was going. But I wasn’t sure if Gillian would be happy for me to just continue driving.

To be honest, there was another reason why I also wasn’t particularly keen on stopping either. Most of the times when I’d done so in the past. I ended up finding out that the 20 or so minutes I’d spent sitting drinking coffee in a motorway service area. Usually meant I tended to get caught up in the rush hour traffic a little further down the road.

Although up until now the traffic hadn’t been all that busy. The stretch of the M6 which runs between Manchester and Birmingham is notoriously bad for major traffic jams, and if you are unlucky enough to get caught up in it at the wrong time of day. It can easily add another hour or more onto your journey.

Based on this I ended up deciding to press on, figuring that Gillian would say if she wanted to stop.

We continued on for another few miles and just as I had predicted earlier, the traffic did indeed begin to get much busier the further south we travelled.

Gillian had been really good company all afternoon and I was enjoying having her with me on the journey. The time seemed to be passing quite quickly and I was surprised to see on glancing at the clock that it was now getting on for around 3.45pm. We had made good time up until now, and provided that we didn’t run into any delays. I figured that we would reach our hotel in about an hour and a half.

A few miles further down the road we approached a large sign that read “next services 18 miles”.

“Do you think we could stop off for a few minutes?” said Gillian, pointing to the sign “I could do with using the loo!”

“Sure no problem”, I said

“Now you mention it” I sad “I guess it’s probably about time we had a break. I could be doing with a coffee and a rest from the driving for a while anyway”

“Yeah, I didn’t realise actually just how far away it is from where we live” said Gillian “I guess geography isn’t one my strong points”.

We had driven about another four of five miles since passing the sign informing us of the distance to the services. When I began to notice that our speed was beginning to steadily decrease as more and more traffic joined the motorway from the surrounding slip roads

I knew that from previous experience that this could potentially mean that fairly soon it was just possible that we were going to find ourselves stuck in a long line of slow moving traffic. This had happened to me previously on a couple of occasions whilst travelling on this stretch of road. Although I certainly was hoping though that it wasn’t going to be the case today. As I am not the worlds most patient driver at times.

We were lucky if we had travelled another couple of miles, when slowly the traffic in front of began to slow right down to a crawl, and eventually came to a grinding halt.

“Oh Shit”, I said in a frustrated tone “I was afraid this might happen”

“I wonder what the problem is?” Gillian asked

“Oh it happens all the bloody time around here!” I said, “It’s just down to the sheer volume of traffic all trying to head in the same direction at the same time”.

“It’s about high time the government did something about the lack of money being spent on the roads these days”. I continued as Gillian just sort of nodded her head in agreement.

It was one of those situations where you find yourself inching forward in first gear a few feet at a time, and then stopping every few minutes for no apparent reason.

“Oh well” I said sighing loudly, “I guess we’re going to be stuck for a while”.

I put down the window and stuck my head out in an attempt to see if there were any temporary signs warning us of impending roadworks, but all that was visible up ahead was three lanes of very slowing moving traffic.

Over the course of the next 45 minutes the traffic continued to inch forward at a snails pace, and I began to notice that Gillian had become much less talkative than before. In fact she hadn’t really said a word during the last half-hour.

“You ok there” I asked

“Yeah fine” replied Gillian quietly.

All afternoon Gillian had been in a very happy go lucky sort of mood, and the sudden change in her tone of voice led me think that something was up.

I had not long since been asking her a few questions regarding her current relationship, and I kind of wondered if perhaps maybe she was feeling a bit miffed with me for being so inquisitive.

“I haven’t said something to offend you have I?”

“Sorry?” replied Gillian looking a little puzzled.

“I’m just saying I hope I haven’t caused any offence by asking you something I shouldn’t have”.

“No of course not” replied Gillian “What makes you say that?”

“It’s just that you’ve been awfully quiet for a while” I replied.

“Oh no it’s not that” said Gillian hesitating slightly

“It’s just that well to be honest I’ve been sort of dying to go to the loo for ages and it’s making me feel really uncomfortable”.

“Ah I see”, I said. Not really knowing quite what to say to her.

“I guess being stuck in this bloody traffic won’t be helping matters either,” I said sympathetically.

“Err no not really” said Gillian

“Hopefully things will start to clear up a bit fairly soon” I said, trying to be positive.

“It’s just a bit of nuisance that’s all” continued Gillian “I guess I’m just having a little difficulty in focusing my thoughts on much else at the moment”.

I glanced at my watch I quickly realised that it had in fact been nearly an hour since Gillian had first said about wanting a loo.

I knew how shy she had been in the first few weeks after starting work with our company, and I certainly didn’t want to embarrass her. So I avoided any further references regarding her needing to pee.

I knew that we were still at least eight or maybe even nine miles away from the services, and it was obvious that we were currently going nowhere fast. You didn’t have to be Einstein to work out that If things didn’t start to pick up fairly soon, it was going to take us a while to get there.

For years now, I’d been aware of my interest in this sort of thing, and I always enjoyed seeing people in situations where they badly wanted to pee but couldn’t.

Right now however I really was beginning to wish that Gillian, hadn’t been so honest with me about the fact that she badly needed to go to loo.

As it was now the case that she wasn’t the only one who was having difficulty in focussing her thoughts on anything else. I also couldn’t get the thought of her sitting there and bursting to pee out of my head.

I found myself beginning to watch her more closely and it soon became obvious from her body language that she was indeed anything but comfortable sitting in the car.

She had her legs pressed tightly together, and every so often would occasionally shift position in her seat. This causing her already short skirt to ride up further, exposing even more of her thighs.

By now I had to admit that I was beginning to feel slightly turned on from watching her, and as a result all sorts of thoughts were going through my head at this time.

How long had she actually needed to go and more importantly just how bad was it getting.

I mean ok it had been an hour or so since she’d first mentioned about stopping, but had she been holding on for any length of time before that?

I had no real way of knowing, and I certainly wasn’t about to ask her.

Sure we had been on the road for a fair few hours, and yes I suppose if I was being honest, I had felt the occasional twinge in my bladder over the last few miles. But I wasn’t anywhere even close to reaching the point where it starts to become urgent.

Then again however, thinking about it a little more, I hadn’t consumed nearly as much liquid in the previous few hours as Gillian.

I remembered that when back in the office she tended to drink a fair amount of coffee, especially in the mornings. Add to that the large glass of wine that I had bought her at lunchtime. Then the apple juice that she had been sipping during the journey, then yes I guessed that it was certainly possible that she could be feeling quite desperate, if not yet absolutely bursting.

Another ten minutes had passed and we were lucky if we had moved a few hundred yards.

By now I began chatting to her about if she had anything planned for the summer holidays, in an attempt to try and help take both our minds off the situation in hand.

As we sat there talking it was becoming clear that she was finding it much more difficult to hide her increasing desperation. Every so often she would sort of curl up her bottom lip, and grimace slightly as another wave of desperation would come over her.

The car was now sitting level with a sign that told us we had 3 miles to go until we reached the services.

“Oooooh” exclaimed Gillian suddenly sucking in a gulp of air through her teeth and biting her bottom lip.

“You ok” I asked her gently “You look to suffering a bit”

“Oh Christ”, said Gillian trying to catch her breath

“How much longer do you think it’s going to take us to get off this bloody motorway”

“I’m not sure” I said looking at my watch “At this rate worse case scenario, I’d say you’re looking at another half an hour or so”

“Oh God it hurts” exclaimed Gillian “I really can’t take this much longer”.

By now any feeling of enjoyment I had got from watching Gillian wriggling around on the seat beside me. Had all but disappeared, and had been replaced by a feeling of totally sympathy.

She was as she had put it a few minutes earlier “not going to last much longer” and from the look on her face it would have been obvious to a blind man that she was in severe discomfort.

For years I had wanted so much to be able to witness at close quarters a girl in this sort of predicament. And yet just now I was amazed to find that instead of finding it highly arousing, as I had previously expected it would be. I was actually finding the whole event totally embarrassing.

I really didn’t know how to handle it. Gillian was becoming increasingly distressed by the hopelessness of the situation, and I couldn’t think for the life of me what I could do to help her. Apart from continuing to offer her a few words of moral support.

All I wanted now was for her to be able to hold on just that little bit longer and to get to the toilet before it was too late. I certainly didn’t want for one second for her to start wetting her knickers. Although if we didn’t reach the services very soon, what other possible outcome could there be. Gillian was now virtually unable to sit still for more than a couple of minutes, and looked to me to be on the verge of tears.

We were stuck in the inside lane of the motorway with traffic on all sides, which meant that there was just nowhere she could go outside without being seen.

After what seemed like an eternity but what was actually only another 10 minutes, the long line of traffic in front of us very slowly began to pick up speed, and within a couple of minutes we began to move freely.

It only took us about another four or five minutes to reach the exit ramp, and a few minutes later we arrived at the service station.

Gillian was already undoing her seatbelt as we made our way round towards the front of the building, and immediately leapt from the car the instant we stopped outside the entrance.

I locked the car and headed up into the foyer to see Gillian disappearing into the ladies room, and returning a few minutes later looking very relieved.

“Feeling better?” I asked.

“God you’re not joking!” said Gillian “I really thought for a minute back there I wasn’t going to make it”.

“I know you did”, I said smiling, “Anyhow, let’s go grab that coffee”.

We spent the next 20 minutes or so enjoying a coffee and a well deserved rest before continuing with on the last leg of our journey.

The next couple of days turned out to in the end to be very successful, and by the time we left on the Thursday morning to head back home, Gillian seemed to have got over the embarrassment and had enjoyed the trip. The one thing I made sure of on the return journey was that we stopped for a break a couple of times on the way home.

Thinking back on it today, as I have done a number of times this last couple of weeks. I guess I would have say that this is without doubt the best sighting I’ve had to date of a woman in dire need of a loo.

I would have to be honest though and say that even though it was a highly embarrassing event. It was also enjoyable in a strange kind of way.

*011*2018-02-08 15:43

Another one from somewhere on the internet

When I was 18, my brother and I went on holiday to Morocco. It was a week's adventure in four wheel drive vehicles starting and finishing in Marrakesh. We were going to be camping in the desert and we were really looking forward to the whole trip. We had already been camping as guides and scouts so this did not present a problem. We received notification of the other members of the party, a couple of weeks before hand and I was rather dismayed to find out that there were six guys on the trip and only two girls. Me and another girl, named Alison. I knew that this this would make toilet arrangements slightly awkward, so I must admit I worried about this.

We had two really exciting days in Marrakesh and then the adventure started with a long five hour journey to the Todra Gorge. Now although my brother and I went on holiday together, we really didn't get on, so I was going to share a tent with Alison. My brother also rode in different vehicles as did Alison and I. I have to say that we both enjoyed the male attention but I had worried that this was going to make it slightly embarrassing if I needed to go to the loo. I sat in the back seat, in the middle of the Toyata Landcruiser with a good view, with two other guys, including the tour leader, to either side.

Now the first two hours were fine and we eventually stopped for lunch in a small restuarant. We had also stopped at a petrol station and I took the precaution of using a rather disgusting loo. I was wearing a yellow teashirt and a pair of tan coloured cotton shorts.

After lunch I 'made sure', one more time for the afternoon drive as far as the Todra Gorge. Shortly after Ouarzazate we turned off and the roads were less good and getting bumpy. I discovered that the bumps were having a rather disconcerting effect on my bladder, making me feel the need to wee everytime this rather heavily sprung four wheel drive vehicle went into a pot hole. After about two hours we stopped for a break. A couple of the boys including my brother (thankyou very much!!) ran off for a standing wee but there was nowhere to hide and I certainly wasn't going to pull my shorts down and squat in the open with everybody looking. I asked Alison if she needed the loo but she said she was OK.

We set off again.The road was getting bumpier and my need was getting more urgent. I was willing there to be a petrol station or somewhere large enough for there to be public loo or just anywhere really, that I could go. I was terrified that I might just lose control and wet myself sitting between two guys, I didn't really know.I didn't say anything and was sitting upright, biting my bottom lip with my thighs squeezed as tightly together as possible.

Eventually I was courageous enough to overcome my shyness about asking for the loo and whispered to the leader if he could please ask the driver to stop at the next petrol station. After another twenty minutes of agony, we stopped. I was really bursting at this stage, the bumps were doing me no good at all and I was on the verge of wetting my pants.

We pulled in to get petrol. It was a busy little place with a number of little factories, all full of men. The leader had gone to look for a loo and I had got out of the vehicle and was standing, looking everywhere for somewhere to go. I had my legs crossed and I could really feel that my wee right at the last point of leaking into my knickers. You know that stage when without warning, it could come at any moment and there is nothing you can do to stop it. The leader came back and said "I'm sorry Holly, there are no loos at this station, there is another one after about half hours drive from here".

I got back into the vehicle, I was so dissapointed. I just said "Oooh, I REALLY need the loo". I sat in the middle, my knees bouncing together really fast, my hands clenched together pushed down between my legs. We set off again the road was getting bumpier. I begin to feel tears dwelling up in my eyes, I could visualise myself going in my tan shorts and then I realised how obvious it would be. So I held on again, ever so more tightly.In fact, I could have already started to leak and I wouldn't have known. All of a sudden we went over a huge bump that made us all lift off our seats. I let my hands go loose from between my legs. I thought I felt my wee start to leak, then the driver used the windscreen squirter. I saw the jet of water.

This was the last straw. I just shouted at the top of my voice... STOPPP!!!!!... The driver stopped, the Leader said "Let Holly out quickly or she'll wet herself". I barely managed a few metres from the vehicle, I just yanked down my shorts, exposing my white panties and bum to everybody including the staggered local driver and weed and weed and weed. I wanted it to stop because I was embarrassed but it wouldn't. As I looked down, I could see that the gusset of my panties was very wet and yellow. I had really just made it in time or it would have been disaster!!. Imagine the shame of wetting myself in between two guys, I didn't know in the back of a vehicle!.

As I get got back into the Landcruiser, the leader simply said, "Feeling better Holly?. I said, "Fine.. thankyou". Nothing more was said.

*015*2018-03-06 08:38

{{On 17.2.2018 at 1:43 PM, tevoka said:

Thank you for preserving and sharing these. However, it would be nice if we knew where they came from so we can properly attribute them. Do you remember anything about where you found them?

Please keep the stories coming.

}}

The stories are from different sources as I can remember, I collect stories since many years. A few of them were from experience project (before it changed), others from old and now eleminated forums.

Here is another one:

Helen crossed her legs under the table, aware of a growing pressure in her bladder. It had been a long day at the conference for everyone, and everyone would be happy when the final questions were completed. Helen knew that she’d be heading for the ladies as soon as everything finished…she wasn’t desperate yet, but she’d been thirsty all afternoon, and the bottle of mineral water in front of her was almost empty. She knew that the water would be working through her slim, 21 year old body, and felt herself give her legs a little squeeze together as another few drops entered her bladder…

The conference questions were drifting aimlessly, and Helen’s mind started to wander also. She could feel the pressure growing on her bladder, but didn’t want to leave until everyone else did. She was quite a shy girl, and didn’t want to draw attention to herself. Her thoughts drifted to some of the problems her bladder had caused her before…she hoped that today wouldn’t be another “accident” to add to those before.

Her mind went back to a day at college…she had been doing some extra work over lunch time (always a dedicated student), and had lost track of time in the library. She had checked the clock, and realised she was supposed to be getting ready for a hockey game. She had packed up and dashed to the sports field, just making it in time to get changed. Quickly, she had put her kit on and headed for the hockey field…

Within 10 minutes of the game starting, Helen remembered regretting working too long…she hadn’t had time for a quick pee before heading for the game. It was a cold day, and she had felt her small bladder filling very quickly. There had been no chance of going back to the changing rooms, so she had just had to get on with the game and hold her pee in. But her little bladder hadn’t been able to cope with the cold, and the running to chase the ball, and Helen remembered the first few drops leaking into her gym-short covered panties.

She’d stopped running, and got control back…but the leaks and dribbles continued for the rest of the match. By the time the game finished, she remembered feeling some trickles running down her legs, through her soaked panties and shorts, as she dashed back to the changing rooms. She’d run straight to the toilet, and peed out everything she had left. Helen remembered that her little white panties had been soaked through and that she had no spare ones, so had to spend the rest of the day in just her jeans…she’d have died with embarrassment if she thought anyone else had known…

“And that concludes today. Thank you to everyone for attending”

Helen’s attention snapped back to the present; the conference was over for the day. She uncrossed her legs to stand up, and winced a little as her bladder twinged. Her control had got better recently, but her bladder often gave her little notice before it needed emptying. She was feeling that mineral water now for sure, and knew that a visit to the ladies was becoming a priority. She gathered her stuff up and headed for the exit, confident that she had enough time to get to the toilet she had used earlier.

“Now, where was that toilet?” thought Helen to herself. She was sure she had turned right out of the hall earlier, so did the same and headed down a corridor. The signs were hopeless in this building, but she was certain she knew where the loo was. She hoped she was right, because she really could feel her bladder now. Helen was regretting drinking all that water a little now, but still sure she would find relief in time.

“Hmmm, this seems to be taking a little longer than I remember”, she thought, as she hurried down the corridor, looking out for the ladies. “I’m sure it was around here…perhaps just around this next corner”.

Helen turned the next corner, and was shocked to find herself walking straight into a fire exit! The surprise of there being no toilet sent a shudder through her body, and she felt herself having to cross her legs tightly to make sure she kept her bladder under control.

“Dammit…I’m sure the ladies was here”, she thought, “Perhaps I should have gone left out of the hall”. Helen turned back down the corridor and hurried back the way she had come, sure that there must be a toilet close by. Her bladder was really pressing now as the water ran through her – she was having to keep her legs tight together as she hurried along back to the corridor.

“OK, the hall is just round this next corner, and the ladies should be just past it”, she thought, rounding what she was sure she remembered to be the final corner. She was amazed to find herself in a completely different place to where she had started! The conference hall was nowhere to be seen, there was just another long corridor.

This second shock, and the sudden realisation that she was now lost, made another shudder run through her body. And this time, Helen knew she hadn’t been quick enough to press her legs together. A few little drops of pee escaped into her blue cotton panties. “Nooo”, she thought to herself…remembering all those time when she had arrived home from work, desperate on her doorstep, and leaking into her panties as she ran up the stairs to pee. She couldn’t remember how many times she’d had to change her panties after getting home…it seemed to happen so often!

“Not again” thought Helen, as she could feel her slightly damp crotch under her jeans. “Please let there be a loo just around the corner, I’m so desperate now”.

Lost, and beginning to panic, Helen dashed down the corridor, checking every door in the hope that it might have the little symbol on it that would bring her relief. She had her bladder under control, but was having to squeeze her legs together as she moved, praying that no more escaped…

But despite her efforts, Helen’s bladder was full, and it wanted to empty. As she hurried past another door, she felt a little squirt escape into her panties. This forced her to stop, and cross her legs tightly together to get her control back. She could feel her panties were warm and damp now, and had only just got control back this time.

“Where is the loo…? Please let there be one here”, cried out Helen, desperate for anyone to help her. She knew that she had very little time left now, her bladder had reached bursting point, and she was having to double over and press her hands into her crotch as she shuffled along the corridor. There was no-one else around, and she was even beginning to think about just dropping her jeans and panties right there and peeing in the corridor…but she would never dare do that…she was too good a girl!

She hurried along the corridor again, checking each door, until…“Yes!!!” squealed Helen…finally one of the doors on the corridor had a little Disabled sign on it!

She thought she could at last empty her bladder, which produced another little leak as she saw the sign. She pushed to door…and it didn’t open.

“Nooo…please don’t be locked”, she cried in desperation, pummelling it with both fists.

Fortunately, this force made the door move a little. Helen pushed it with all her strength, and it opened a little more. However, the stress of pushing caused Helen to forget about her bladder for a second, and it punished her. A big squirt escaped into her already soaked panties, this time penetrating through to her jeans. She had to stop pushing and press her hands between her legs to get control back…but this would be her last chance, she knew.

The door was almost open, but could she risk pushing again? Helen knew she had to, so clenched every muscle she could, and gave it one last effort. More of her pee escaped, trickling down her thigh….but the door opened! At last, there was a toilet!

After the effort of pushing, Helen’s bladder was now leaking badly, making her jeans damp between her legs. She had to pee right now, or she’d totally lose it. Not bothering to close the door, she dashed to the toilet, ripped down her jeans and panties, pee gushing out of her even before she had sat on the seat.

Helen peed for as long as she ever had…all the mineral water pouring out of her overfilled bladder. She knew the door was open, but couldn’t stop the flow to close it, so just had to sit there, praying no-one came past, until her bladder was spent. Even when the pee stopped flooding out of her, she sat there for a few moments to gather her thoughts, before dragging her damp clothes back up and shutting the door.

In the mirror, Helen surveyed the damage. Her jeans were a little damp between the legs, but her coat would hide that. Her panties, however, were drenched, especially after they last push on the door. Quickly, she took her jeans and panties off, slipping the soaked panties into her bag, and pulling the jeans back over her now naked lower half.

Once again, Helen was going to have to go home with no panties on. “One day”, she though to herself, “I’ll learn to get to the loo in plenty of time”…

She opened the toilet door, and was amazed to find the conference hall she had started at straight ahead of her. The realisation dawned on Helen…the last time she had peed, she hadn’t turned right, or turned left…she had gone straight ahead. And if she had done the same this time, she would still have dry panties on. “But”, she thought to herself, “I am a blonde…and we have so much more fun!”

