Aria's Revenge

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-04-17 04:14

Here's a My Little Pony fanfic I put on fimfiction.net (where I use a different but similar, French-sounding name). It is set in the Equestria Girls world and involves my four favorite Equestria Girls characters to fetishize: Rainbow Dash, Rarity, Pinkie Pie, and Aria Blaze.

If you're unfamiliar with their appearances and outfits mentioned, google image search for them.

My stories are generally criticized for poor quality, but this one is one of the better received stories and I hope you like it. If you do I might put more of them here, and for those that contain fetishes that might put you off (like fart scenes), I can edit those out. (There are none here, though a bit of spanking)

Aria's Revenge

Rainbow Dash, Rarity, and Pinkie Pie were sitting on a bench at the park, enjoying the lovely weather. Pinkie Pie and Rarity were wearing their respective jean shorts and purple shorts from Legend of Everfree, and Rainbow Dash was wearing her usual outfit, the pink skirt with skintight black shorts underneath.

Rarity was just starting to tell the other two girls about a fashion show she was planning when Aria Blaze walked out from behind a tree, wearing her usual purple pants.

"You again!" said Rainbow Dash.

"Where are the other two sirens?" said Pinkie Pie.

"Probably off sulking somewhere, I don't care," said Aria.

"Not so tough without your powers, are you?" said Rainbow Dash.

"You three act so tough when you've got Sunset Shimmer and Princess Twilight behind you."

"I could still kick your sorry butt!"

"Prove it," said Aria. "There is a haunted house on top of that hill over there. Go in there and prove you're not afraid of all the ghosts in there!"

"There's ghosts in the haunted house?" said Pinkie Pie, hiding behind Rarity.

"That's why it's called a haunted house, loser!" said Aria. "So, are you up for the challenge? Go in there for three hours. If I catch any of you leaving before then, or running out screaming, I win!"

"I don't see you going into the haunted house!" said Rainbow Dash.

"Fine," said Aria. "I'll go in with you! It'll be worth it to see the looks on your faces when the ghosts scare the piss out of you!"

"Dream on!" said Rainbow Dash. "If you run outside before all of us, we win!"

"But first," said Aria, trying to hide the smirk on her face, "I heard you bragging about beating Applejack at a cider drinking contest. I bet you couldn't even beat these two!"

"Yes I can!" said Rainbow Dash. "As a matter of fact, I'll take you all on!"

"No thanks," said Aria. "I have better things to do." She had an evil plan in place.

"Are you chicken?" said Rainbow Dash. "Afraid I'll beat you?"

"No!" said Aria. "I'll beat you easily!" This could be a problem, but hopefully she'd find a way around it.

Rainbow Dash led Pinkie Pie, Rarity, and Aria to her stash of cider. She took out 28 bottles of cider, seven for each of them. "First one to finish drinking all seven of their ciders wins!"

They all took a drink of cider, except Aria, who pretended to drink and started to pour it out.

Rainbow kicked her in the butt. "Hey, that's cheating! If you do that again, you lose by default!"

They drank as fast as they could. Rainbow finished first, Pinkie second, Rarity third, and Aria fourth. Aria, realizing she had lost the contest before she could finish her seventh bottle of cider, set it aside, and Pinkie Pie downed it in one gulp.

"Haha! I win!" said Rainbow Dash.

"That was just a warmup," said Aria. "The real challenge awaits in the haunted house!"

They walked toward the haunted house. The atmosphere seemed to get eerie as they got closer. They reached the haunted house, and its creaky door swung open of its own accord.

"Stay in here for three hours or you lose," said Aria.

"We win if you run first," said Rainbow Dash.

"Do we have to do this?" said Pinkie Pie.

"We can beat this awful siren!" said Rarity. "Stick close to Rainbow Dash and there's nothing to be afraid of!"

They entered the haunted house. It was dark and creepy inside.

"Well, let's just sit here," said Aria.

"No way!" said Rainbow Dash. "We're exploring every room and seeing if there's really any ghosts in here!"

They explored the rooms in the haunted house for about an hour. They didn't see any signs of ghosts, but they did hear some creaking and unearthly moaning.

"Is there a bathroom in here?" said Pinkie Pie. "I gotta go pee!"

Rainbow Dash and Rarity didn't want to admit it, but they were feeling a little uncomfortable as well. They hoped Aria would be suffering the same, although Aria had one less drink than them.

"We'll just have to find a bathroom," said Aria, both hoping for opportunities for them to run into ghosts before she got too desperate, or hoping she'd have access to a bathroom if they stayed or were able to hold it longer than her.

As they walked into a room with a chair inside it, Aria slapped Pinkie's butt.

"HEY!" said Pinkie Pie. She didn't really mind the slap, but it had nearly made her lose control.

They walked through a long hall for another ten minutes. Pinkie Pie was becoming more and more desperate. She put her hands over her crotch, a pained expression on her face. "Can we hurry up and find a bathroom? I REALLY have to go!"

"Wait a minute," said Rarity. "Where's Aria?"

"Maybe the ghosts got her," said Rainbow Dash.

"Maybe she got scared and ran!" said Pinkie Pie. "That means we win and I can get out of here and find a bathroom, right?"

They were on their way back down the hall, when suddenly Aria jumped out from behind a suit of armor. "BOO!"

Pinkie jumped with fright, then looked down and blushed as she felt her shorts grow damper and damper. "I wet myself," she said sheepishly.

"Haha, that's one down!" said Aria.

"I'm not gonna let that stop me!" said Pinkie, who was still peeing. "I'll stay in this haunted house until Rainbow Dash runs, and I know she won't cause she's not afraid of anything!"

"That's right," said Rainbow Dash, though her voice trembled slightly - she was much more nervous than she was letting on, and she could feel the pressure getting heavier.

They reached the end of the hall, and entered a room. Chairs were flying around.

"There really are ghosts in here!" said Rainbow Dash, trying to keep the fear out of her voice.

Pinkie Pie jumped on Rarity's back and whimpered. Rarity peed a little from the strain, but managed to hold the rest of it in. "Get off my back," she said.

Then a chair flew at Rainbow Dash, but Rainbow kicked it away and it smashed on a wall. "Let's get out of here," she said, feeling a little more confident.

They walked outside the door and back through the hall. Moaning could be heard on the other side of a door they walked by on the way there.

"I dare you to go in there," said Aria.

"Not without you!" said Rainbow Dash.

"Are you scared?"

"No. Are you?"

"No!"

"Then come in with me!"

Aria was feeling the effects of the cider she had drank already. She hoped she could hold it in until she could find relief soon. Rainbow and Aria entered the room. A ghost flew up to them. "Ooooooo!" it said.

Rainbow Dash and Aria both ran outside the room. Rainbow Dash had to pee very badly, and so did Rarity, whose shorts were already slightly damp, and her underwear damper.

"You ran outside!" said Aria.

"So did you!" said Rainbow Dash.

"Yeah, well I'll go into that room for two full minutes! Don't any of you come in with me!" Aria pointed to a door she was sure was empty, hoping she could get in, pull her pants down, and pee there, under the guise of going into a haunted room alone to prove how daring she was.

"I bet you'll run out in a minute!" said Rainbow Dash.

Aria opened the door and walked into the room. She closed the door, found a piano to hide behind in case any of the other girls should peek inside, and was just about to pull down her pants when a ghost suddenly came out from the piano right in front of her. "Boo!" it said.

Aria let out a loud scream, wetting her pants slightly, and ran outside, slamming the door shut behind her and panting heavily.

"Heehee!" Pinkie giggled, noticing the damp spot on Aria's pants.

"At least I didn't wet myself all the way!" said Aria, blushing with anger and embarrassment. She took out her frustration on Rarity by kicking her in the butt.

"Ow!" said Rarity. A small jet of pee made its way out of her. She whimpered and held the rest of it in, but the small wet spot on her shorts was a little bigger now. She glared at Aria, rubbing her sore tush. "That is so uncouth!"

Rainbow Dash had to pee so badly now, having finished her cider first. She was holding herself, her eyes tearing up a bit. She wasn't sure she could make it.

Rarity wasn't doing much better. She was really squirming as they walked up the stairs.

They entered another room, which was seemingly empty, but a tapestry was hanging above a window.

"Oooh, a tapestry!" said Rarity, and she walked over to the window to get it. Instantly, a ghost flew out in front of Rarity. Rarity fell backwards on her butt, and then the floodgates opened. Tears poured down Rarity's face as she peed herself, flooding her purple shorts and forming a puddle under her where she sat. Pinkie and Aria giggled, Aria forgetting that she had to pee too, though not nearly as badly as Rainbow Dash, who was too busy holding it in to even chuckle.

"It's not funny, Pinkie Pie!" said Rarity, blushing beet red as she finished wetting herself.

"Yes it is, Rarity!" said Pinkie. "I wet myself too! Nothing to be ashamed of!" She held out her hand and helped Rarity to her feet. Rarity's shorts were soaked and her butt hurt even more, but Pinkie's words made her feel a little better.

"Two down!" said Aria.

"Did you have an ulterior motive bringing us here?" said Rainbow Dash, without removing her hands from her crotch.

"No!" Aria lied. "This is just a fun bonus, watching you suffer for taking away all my power!"

"I'm not suffering!" said Pinkie Pie. "I think it's kind of funny!"

"So, think you can hold it for another hour?" said Aria.

"No," said Rainbow Dash. She felt like she was about to burst.

"Well, there's an empty room over there," said Aria, pointing to a room that she had heard some creaks and crashes inside as they walked by it. "I didn't hear any sounds coming from it."

Rainbow Dash entered the room, but was on her guard every moment, not trusting Aria. After a few seconds with no ghost activity, Rainbow Dash walked toward a couch to pee behind it. Then the couch lifted up and flew at Rainbow Dash, while ghostly cackling could be heard. Rainbow Dash ducked, getting down on her knees to avoid it, and a dusty old pillow came flying and hit her rear. Because the pillow was so soft, it didn't affect her much, but she still really needed to go and couldn't hold it much longer. Rainbow stood up and ran for the door, but had to duck a flying table. A small dresser went flying just beside her and landed in front of the door. Rainbow Dash moved the dresser out of the way, trying her hardest to hold it in. Finally she opened the door and got outside.

"How did it go, Dashie?" said Pinkie Pie.

"There were ghosts in there!" said Rainbow Dash. "I barely made it out!"

Aria chuckled to herself. Rainbow knew she was moments away from peeing herself. She could feel the pee sloshing inside her.

"All right, there seem to be no ghosts in the main area," said Rainbow Dash. "I'll just find a corner to pee in! Nobody look!"

Rainbow Dash walked to a corner, then turned around. Pinkie and Rarity's backs were turned, but Aria was staring at her.

"Hey, stop staring!" said Rainbow Dash.

"No way," said Aria, trying not to fidget because now she really needed to pee. She wasn't sure what she should do - ensure that Rainbow Dash wet herself, or find a place to get her own relief? Rainbow Dash had drank one more cider than her and had drank them the fastest, surely Aria could outlast her.

Rainbow Dash ran down the stairs faster than she had ever run without Equestrian magic, and ran into one of the first rooms they had entered. There was a desk in the room, but she didn't bother hiding around it, she didn't have a second to spare. Before she could even lift her skirt up, she saw the desk start to levitate. "Oh come on!" She ran outside, and came face to face with Aria. Rainbow Dash ran the other way as fast as she could, but then, it was all over for her. Rainbow Dash froze as she felt her shorts grow warm and wet. She blushed with embarrassment as rivers of pee flowed from her skintight shorts down her legs. A puddle grew under her, and she tried to hold back her tears.

Rainbow Dash couldn't believe she, a world-class athlete, a member of the most awesome band, was wetting herself. Although she felt ashamed beyond belief, it did feel wonderful finally letting go after holding it in for so long, and she couldn't help but sigh of relief.

Aria watched Rainbow Dash's accident with great satisfaction. "Ha! Revenge is mine!" A jolt from her bladder reminded her of her own situation, and she stopped moving. "Well, I've had my revenge, so I'm going now!"

"But you said if you leave before all of us do, we win!" said Rainbow Dash. "If you leave now, you can't prove you're more daring than me!"

Aria let out a whimper. She had to pee badly, and now that Rainbow Dash, Rarity, and Pinkie Pie had wet themselves and gotten over it, they were going to stay here as long as they wanted to! She decided to high tail it out of here. Her contest was just a front anyway, she had already achieved her real objective and didn't want the same thing to happen to her. So what if she lost this fake contest? In the end she'd be bragging about being the only one of the four who didn't pee herself. She turned around and ran, but Rainbow Dash was faster. She grabbed Aria by the back of the shirt and dragged her back to where Rarity and Pinkie Pie were waiting.

"Stop!" said Aria, trying uselessly to get free of Rainbow's grip. "I really have to go!"

"You made us wet ourselves," said Rainbow Dash, "so now we return the favor!"

Rainbow dragged Aria up the stairs, hitting her butt against each step, with Aria wincing each time. Rainbow sat down on a nearby bench and put Aria over her lap. Aria could feel how wet Rainbow's skirt was and whimpered, as it nearly made her lose control. Rainbow Dash spanked Aria five times as hard as she could. After the fifth swat, Aria wet her pants. She blushed and whimpered as she felt the warm wetness soak her underwear and her purple jeans. In her position, she was peeing on Rainbow Dash too, but Rainbow didn't mind. Her shorts and legs were already soaked so it didn't make much of a difference. As a matter of fact, she kind of enjoyed it a little. Pinkie Pie was laughing hard the entire time.

Finally Aria stopped peeing, and got off Rainbow Dash, rubbing her butt while kneeling in the puddle she had made at Rainbow's feet.

Pinkie heard a loud crash inside a door, and opened it. For a moment, nothing happened. Then, a big, creepy-looking ghost appeared right in front of Aria. "BOO!" it said the instant it appeared.

Aria's face turned white and she got up and ran for the door, her pants growing even wetter as all she had managed to hold in after her first accident came rushing out uncontrollably, leaving a trail of urine as she opened the exit door and ran outside screaming.

"Yeah! That means we win!" said Rainbow Dash.

"I hope she's learned her lesson," said Rarity. She was still feeling ashamed from wetting herself, and blushed lightly. "Let us never speak of this to anyone," she said.

"Our lips are sealed!" said Pinkie Pie.

"And if Aria tells anyone, we'll tell them that she wet herself too!" said Rainbow Dash.

"Now let's go home and clean up," said Rarity. "I do hope we don't run into anyone along the way."

"There's a pool of water on the way in here!" said Pinkie Pie. "We could just pretend we were going for a swim!"

Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, and Rarity walked out the door.

*002*2017-04-17 18:48

{{13 hours ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was so good

}}

Thank you. I was really nervous at what the first comment would be, but looks like I had nothing to fear!

