The flyer girl

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2012-09-30 20:35

I am trying something different here. I was growing tired of how all my stories were from a 3rd person viewing point and everything was in past tense (she did this, she said that). So I tried it this way. Let me know what you think (and what you prefer). I had some difficulties phrasing this, as I am not used to writing like this.

The flyer girl

“You’re late Kaylie” my boss said as I got to work Saturday morning. I had a party yesterday and overslept. I woke up just 10 minutes ago, right around the moment I had to start working. Now I am there, at the job I hate. I was searching an acceptable side-job for over a year. I really need the money, but with all those students wanting a side job there was not much left for me. Money has really gotten tight lately, and so I accepted to flyer for events in the shopping center. As a 20 year old without any working experience and a lot of competition for part-time jobs in my city, I could not get any better. We gathered in the canteen of the post office in the city center, and got our flyers distributed there.

First, coffee, or I’ll bite everyone’s head off today. I always need that to begin with. It’s an addiction I don’t really mind. My boss knows it and I get a slow start to a working day like this, even though I won’t get paid until I start flyering.

“Hurry up, Brooke is already busy. She already started,” my boss tells me, before briefing me on the event we would be flyering today.

We had a rule that we always had to work together with someone else, as there were only girls doing this job. I always had a feeling they selected on looks for this job. Apparently, an average person is more willing to take a flyer and share some words about it with a good looking girl than someone else.

Brooke had done her best to look good today. Her slightly curly brown hair looks extra nice today. She had just the right amount of make-up. She was wearing her favorite necklace and a blue pleaded dress, which hang loosely around her shoulders and stopped just above her knees. She wears a belt just above her middle and seems to not be wearing a bra today. Now it’s clear she only has cup b; at the party yesterday she had clearly stuffed her bra to look like c. Her black ballerinas finish her outfit for the day. With 1m65 she is just a bit smaller than me, with 1m70. She is also a bit skinnier, but I guess that comes with her smaller body in general.

I did not really have time for that this morning. My jeans with some fake tears in it and all stars are some sort of standard outfit for me. The grey shirt I wore was the same I wore to college yesterday. Because of the low cut, I had to wear a bra today. It’s black, slightly visible beneath my shirt and matching my panties. I always match their colors; it would feel strange not to for some reason. I did not wear make-up, I almost never did. I think my face with my brown-blonde hair will suffice for most occasions.

Now, half an hour into after I began, we are at our standard location; 50 meters from the market has proven to be the most successful around this time on Saturdays. We would always change location every 2 hours of our 8-hour shift. Between the first and last change we got a 10 minute coffee break, and in the middle of the work day we got our lunch break. Normally this is no problem; a break after every 2 hours is one of the little advantages of this job. Today is different, however. In my haste I did not use the bathroom this morning. I had to go a little before my shift, but not enough to actually use the bathroom, I thought. But now the coffee is proving me wrong. My bladder is filling up with it.

I hope it will stop soon. On a normal day my bladder would become a little uncomfortable just before the first break and I would probably have a problem if it would be after 3 hours. Now I am already on that uncomfortable point, and I still have 1.5 hour to go. And I have to speak to random people and make sure they know of this random event; I can’t just hold myself at this job. And I can’t just use the bathroom outside my breaks. They made that very clear when I started this job. Luckily for me, probably because of her outfit, Brooke was getting most attention today. There were almost constantly people around her.

10 minutes later. I have to move to keep from holding myself. I am now constantly walking towards people instead of just waiting on them, trying to hide the reason behind that. If I do not have to stand still for too long I can make it, I think.

How is Brooke doing? I glance her way after some uninterested people walked by me. She is surrounded by 3 guys around our age. I notice they are probably more interested in her than her flyers. Then Brooke turns her head around in my direction, looking a bit distressed. She normally likes attention like this, but maybe they are freaking her out. I decide to walk over, as the guys decide to leave. For a small moment, she moves her legs in a strange manner.

“What’s up, are there problems with those guys?” I ask her.

“No, no, it’s not that. It’s just… I did not have time to use the bathroom this morning, and it’s getting bad.”

Strange, she clearly put a lot of time in getting ready, but did not use the toilet.

“I know what you mean, I overslept and I had to rush to work. I’m getting a bit desperate too.”

“Please, try not to talk about it, let’s focus on our work for now.”

Alright, back to business. As I walk around, talking and giving out flyers, I check on Brooke regularly. It seems she is having way more trouble than me; she, too, is now walking around, but when she has to talk to someone she cannot keep her legs still. Meanwhile, my bladder is getting fuller and fuller. It is expanding against my belt. I have to loosen it, or this is going to end badly.

“Hi, what are you advertising for?”

Oh crap, someone just started talking to her. That happens just a few times a day. Now I have to stand still again and I can’t loosen my belt. Only the thought of this makes the pressure on my bladder muscles grow.

I try to remain calm. I can’t show what situation I am in.

“Wellnextweek…” No, slow down. Speak calmly. It seems like a nice guy, the more reason to keep my dignity. I go on explaining calmly what is going to happen next week. He is almost moving on. Good. I’m thirsty. Mistake! Don’t think about drinking. Bladder pressure is building. Can’t move, he will notice. Spurt. Hold it!

I feel something coming out of my urethra. A small leak in my panties! I hope it doesn’t show. I start to blush as he walks away. He smiles at me. He doesn’t know why my face is getting red, luckily.

I look down to see nothing. Relieved, I can see nothing. No one will notice. But I still have an hour to go. I have to loosen my belt now!

I turn around and loosen it a bit in less than a second. That feels much better! I feel my bladder quickly expanding, but the pressure decreases.

“Kaylie, I’m not going to make it.” Brooke suddenly is next to me. She is whispering. “I leaked and my panties are getting wetter and wetter” she says, distress clearly in her voice. “Cover for me please?”

“How do you mean?” I ask her.

She grabs my arm and drags me along to the dark alley nearby. Due to the surprise, I feel a spasm in my bladder. I clench all my muscles. I think I held it all in. Wait, it feels wetter. I leaked again! I check; still nothing to see. Pfew.

“Stand here, look the other way!” Brooke says.

Is she really going to do pee in this alley? What if someone walks by and… “Pssssshhhhh.” She is peeing! I can hear her. I can hear it splattering on the ground. I can barely hold on, listening to the sound.

“Hurry, I can’t stand the sound in my state!” I say, as I turn my head. To my surprise, Brooke stands there, leaning against the wall, not squatting. She has lifted her dress a bit with both hands and placed her legs about a meter from each other. Between her legs, a thick stream of pee is falling right down to the ground, and some is trickling down her right leg. A huge puddle forms beneath her. She sighs as the flow starts to decrease about 20 seconds later, and soon only drips of pee fall down in her puddle. I am watching in awe as she stands there, her right leg glistening with pee and soaked ballerinas on her feet. I feel my panties have gotten wetter again; this has to stop or I am going to have an accident! As she steps away from the puddle, I see more drips falling and some more trickles going down her legs into her ballerinas.

“Did you… wear… panties” I ask her.

“Yeah, well, I am not going to possibly expose my privates for everyone to see” she answers.

“So you just peed in your panties?” I ask, completely baffled.

“What else was I going to do?” she says, wringing out her shoes before putting them back on. “Don’t tell anyone about this!”

After she made sure she did not leave a noticeable trail behind, she just walked back into the street. I couldn’t believe this; she was just continuing her work!

Why would she do this? Why would she continue to work when she just peed her panties? I sure would not dare, someone could find out!

I think it’s better to ignore this. The more I think about it, the more I need the bathroom too.

With about 40 minutes to go, it is beginning to get unbearable. My muscles are hurting, my bladder is getting fuller and fuller and I have even loosened my belt more. I can’t keep my legs still now; I am afraid. Brooke was like this just before she peed herself.

I have to keep working, or I am going to have an accident for sure. Let’s walk over to that woman, probably in her late thirties, with her son of around 14.

I start to explain what this event was all about. Suddenly, all the pressure on my bladder fades away. Urine is making its way through my urethra. I double over and put both my hands between my legs and feel a small cold, wet spot in my crotch. Immediately I feel warmth spreading as I regain control over my muscles; now my crotch really is wet, probably visibly.

“Are you okay?” the mother asks.

“Well, yeah, but…”

“Do you need to pee?” her son asks, loudly and boldly, getting an angry look from his mom.

“Well, actually yes, it’s pretty urgent” I say.

“Then we’ll just talk to the other girl so you can go. Come on, Jeff.”

They walk away, but my seal is broken. There is no way I can make it anymore. I try to reach the alley Brooke just used, as a tear rolls down my face. I can only walk slowly; my bladder muscles are on the verge of giving up. They are starting to hurt. I remove my hands for a second to check on my pants; the wet spot has spread a bit down my thighs. On these jeans it is obvious what just happened. More tears roll down my face. An accident will follow, no doubt. This is even worse than my accident in high school, right around the moment the shopping center is getting more and more crowded.

Slowly, my urine starts to slip out of my bladder. I am still doubled over, and my crotch and hands are getting again warm with my pee. I feel the wetness growing on the back of my legs.

“Look! She is peeing herself!” I hear from behind me. Tears start falling on the ground as I give up. I straighten myself as my bladder muscles just stop working; the pain disappears as I hear a loud hissing sound, followed by pee exploding in my crotch. I widen my legs a bit as the insides of my jeans soak through in no-time. I look down; on both legs, thick streams of pee still flow through my pants and into my shoes and onto the ground. My white all stars are soaked and the pee is overflowing. The puddle beneath me is even bigger than Brooke’s.

Slowly, my accident is coming to an end. People are watching me from all angles as the last pee flows into my pants. The insides of my legs and the back of my pants are completely soaked.

“Let’s go back” Brooke says, now standing on the edge of my puddle. Silently I walk away, looking down. My shoes are squishing with every step and leave a clear wet trail. Everyone here has seen me peeing myself, and for those who haven’t it is still clear what I have done. Brooke puts her arm around me.

“It’s okay, accidents can happen” she says.

She takes out her phone and called our boss.

“Hey, could you arrange a replacement? No, it’s not for me, it for Kaylie. She… had a little accident… …no, not that kind of accident, she had uhm… a bathroom accident. Yes, really. Yes, okay. I’ll tell her.”

“Well, he is going to call a replacement, but he said if this happens again or if you’re late again next week you’ll be fired.”

I nod. I don’t care anymore; I just want to get out of here.

After a 15 minute walk of shame back to the canteen, my replacement was already there.

“Are you going to continue working? With your wet panties?” I ask Brooke.

“Ehm, yeah, I am… 'prepared' for this” she says, as she takes her bag out of her locker. She kicks out her ballerinas, hikes her skirt up to reveal her wet, pink panties and moves them down her legs. She gets over to the bathroom and wipes her privates and legs clean. After this, she puts her wet panties and ballerinas in an empty plastic bag and gets a pair of purple panties out of her bag.

“This is why I always wear a skirt or a dress” she says, smiling as she gets back on the street with my replacement Alyssa, who also wears a skirt. Taken aback by this revelation, I stand there staring for some minutes.

I put my black jacket around my middle and walk home. It’s less obvious this way, but everyone who took a glance at me would still know what had happened.

I am almost back home, and I suddenly have to pee again. It feels like my bladder muscles have weakened. Not caring anymore, I just let it flow as soon as I feel a little leak. My now ice-cold crotch and legs feel the same spreading warmth they did a while ago, but I do not feel bad this time. I cannot feel any worse than I did after my first wetting.

As I am still very tired, I take a shower, drink some water and go to bed again. It’s still morning and I did not sleep that much. I take a clean pair of light blue panties out of my closet and put on my dark blue pajamas.

Hours later, I wake up. My bed is drenched in sweat. Wait, this isn’t sweat… Oh no!

