Fallout New Vegas fanfic! (my first posted, I have more if you like it!)

Author: thebeatgoeson22

*000*2014-02-17 03:58

Hey guys, this is the first of my works that I've posted, and I'd love to hear any feedback! This is based off a character I created in Fallout New Vegas, which is a first person post-apocalyptic rpg/shooter (if you've never heard of it). Sorry if there are any editing issues or typos, I tend to get carried away when I write things like this, heh. It's not so much purely omorashi based as it is naughty peeing, but all my writings are about girls who, intentionally or otherwise, get desperate to pee. Anyway, hope you like it! Feedback and criticism is encouraged, but please, if you're going to criticize, be helpful about it!

Nicole sat at the edge of a cliff overlooking the river. She had set up camp on this ledge for mainly security reasons. The cliff face was sheer, no way anything could come up it for a mile in any direction, and the clearing a few meters back was nicely secluded from view, and only accessible by a narrow path, of which she had an excellent view from anywhere in her camp. Now that the moon had risen though, she was glad she had chosen this spot for another reason.

She sat, legs dangling over the highest edge around, the tops of other hills and bluffs shone like silver in the moonlight, contrasted by little specklings of cacti and agave and other various desert flora. Only two sounds broke the silence of the moonlit darkness. Her softly crackling campfire in the background, and the hushed trickle of water from the river a hundred feet below. She had had a bottle of wine to accompany this beautiful night, and was feeling quite tipsy. As she stood up to get another bottle, she became acutely aware of her full bladder. Being her, she decided to ignore it a little longer.

The idea of holding her piss until she was about to burst was a huge turn on for the young explorer. Nicole was a pale girl, about three quarters of the way to six feet tall, and skinny. When she had started her adventure, she had been in less than great shape, but after nearly a year of traveling and wandering, honing her physical skills, she had acquired some tone to her body. Some might say she was downright ripped, but she didn't think so. Her breasts were full and supple, despite her relatively skinny frame, and she often had trouble fitting them comfortably in to her armor. Her golden hair shone like a pile of freshly tossed hay in the moonlight, perpetually bedraggled, but beautiful, she thought.

She would often, while traveling, attempt to hold her bladder as long as possible, even while staying thoroughly hydrated. She had a specific outfit for her longer travels, that she did not mind wetting, and indeed she had many times. Usually she would carry on until the urge was nearly unbearable, and then she would press her hands to her pussy, and carry on some more. Sometimes, when she had a naughty idea, she would at that point spend her piss however she fancied. Sometimes she would water a cactus, or lie on her back and spread her legs and see how big of a puddle she could make on the sun-baked ground before it dried up. Sometimes she had really naughty ideas.

Once, in an abandoned settlement, she chose an empty house and proceeded to spend all day “claiming" it with her juice. Her gear in one room, she would consume water, soda and alcohol all day long, waiting until she could either no longer bare the pain, or no longer bare the horniness, and she would go from spot to spot, drunkenly squatting and jetting some hot piss over her target. She pissed in the corners. She pissed on to tables. She would spread her lips open and piss all over walls. She would find all the left over glasses and bowls beforehand, getting drunk, stripping her clothes off and running all over the house, setting the containers randomly. Once she was ready, she'd find one, fill it, usually messily, and move on to the next target. She usually made it a point to avoid going in the toilet, but sometimes she would find something that would "inspire" her.

Once there had been a dry toilet, that had, for some reason or another, been filled with shoes and dresses. She had spent a whole bladder on that one, absolutely soaking the clothes before putting the piss-drenched dress on, lying on her back, and wetting all over herself and masturbating. She stripped it off and rinsed herself in the shower, and by the time she was done, she had refilled her bladder. Being indecisive about where she wanted to let this one go, she began to walk around the home, looking for the perfect spot.

Unable to choose, she decided to continue walking around, and just let loose while she moved. This was one of her favorite things, to just nonchalantly leak hot girl pee out of her while she walked. Her slit hissed with each step she took, "hsst- shht- shhht- hss- tsssst- sst", leaving a trail of urine behind her. She had eventually abandoned this strategy, as she couldn't get enough out quickly. Then she had stopped in her tracks, gotten down on hands and knees, and pissed her whole bladder in one go. Looking behind her as she finished, she was amazed by the size of the dark puddle in the carpet. It must have been a full 4 feet in diameter, and absolutely soaking wet. She had rubbed her pussy in the warm carpet puddle, getting herself off again.

Nicole grabbed a bottle of scotch out of her pack, and twisted the top open. 'Maybe scotch is a bad idea' she thought to herself drunkenly 'after that whole bottle of wine... maybe I'll just have a little.' A few minutes later, her bladder was aching to be let go, and she was getting drunker by the second. Transfixed by the beautiful landscape before her, she suddenly had an idea. There was nobody around for tens of miles, save for the indigenous tribes, who would all be safely back at camp by this time.

She shimmied out of her pants and her bladder again reminded her that she urgently needed to take a piss. Placing her bare feet on the ledge of the cliff, she scooted her ass forward until she couldn't see the ground beyond her pussy, only the river far below. She spread her legs as far as she could, and looking down over her little mound, relaxed and began to pee. She saw a silver stream jet out from the little slit between her legs, the only sound she could hear was the soft hiss of her high-pressure piss escaping from her girl part. Using her fingers, she spread her pussy open, and the hissing quieted.

She began to move her labia in little circles, spraying her pee stream out in a similar pattern. She giggled to herself, before laughing loudly. Her laughter echoed across the canyonous landscape for a moment, then faded in to quietness. Suddenly she heard another sound, a quiet splashing noise. It took her a moment to realize that her pee had finally reached the river below. Flexing, she stopped her flow for a second, then resumed, then stopped, then resumed again. Many seconds later, she heard the splattering trickle stop, then resume, then stop, then resume. This turned her on immensely for some reason, and she pushed her piss out as hard as she could.

Her thick jet was impressive in both volume and distance, spraying two or three meters out before arcing down in the the darkness below. Her piss began to slow right as she heard the effect of her more forceful peeing hit the water. She shut her pee valve, sealing the last little bit of her hot juice inside herself. She backed from the ledge a bit, and waited for the sound of her pee hitting the water to stop. She took a big swig of scotch, and reached for a bottle of water. 'Important to stay hydrated out here' she mused, giggling. She pounded the water down before taking another big gulp of scotch. She wanted to go exploring.

An old pickup truck had caught her eye earlier, she decided to check that out first. Ultimately decided against running round naked, she had donned a light cotton shirt, and a pair of boxers she used to sleep in. Other than that, she had only her wrist computer, which was also a flashlight, and her favorite small gun, a 5.56mm revolver strapped loosely around her waist, and her smallest pack in which to store any treasures she might find. She moved quietly out of habit, though her lack of clothing and equipment made this a superfluous action- she was nearly as quiet as the night. Except when she drunkenly stumbled, of course, which was often enough. She had filled up on water before leaving her camp, but had brought the bottle of scotch with her in her bag. She took a swig now, and could already feel her bladder filling up again.

'Mm, new places to peee!' she thought excitedly. She came upon the truck, an old faded, rusted, white pre-war thing with no wheels, the hood stuck open after being ransacked for parts once long ago. She crept up to it and peered in the bed. Two metal boxes caught her eye, one was a toolbox. She opened it only to be disappointed. A half used roll of duct tape and some twisted scraps of metal were all it contained. The other box, which was slightly larger, contained an empty bottle, a broken pair of sunglasses, and a crescent wrench. 'Tools are always useful' she thought as she tucked it away in her bag. She eyed the bottle for a moment, consulting with her bladder. 'Meh.' She ignored it. Next, she peered under the hood. Not much was left, the carburetor and intake manifold had been taken, as had the valve covers, one cylinder head, and most of the random wires and tubes. 'Meh.'

To her surprise, the door opened easily with light force. The interior smelled dusty and old, the cloth seats covered in dirt and debris. She climbed inside and quietly shut the door. All the windows were still intact, another surprise. Usually people take them for their houses or break them out just for fun. She took another drink of scotch. The bottle was almost half gone now, and Nicole was definitely drunk. She was having a blast though, fiddling with the knobs and switches in the cabin of the vehicle, for a moment pretending like a child that she was driving it. Bouncing up and down on the seat suddenly reminded her that she had to pee. Pretty bad, actually.

She gasped melodramatically, bringing her hands to the sides of her face and said to nobody, "But where will I go pee pee?!" This sent her in to a fit of laughter that almost caused her to lose control right there. She regained her composure and looked around. Maybe she could spread and pee all over the dashboard? 'Hmm, maybe' she thought. She was disappointed to find nothing but an old strip of paper in the glove box, and there didn't seem to be much else in the truck to use for pee fun. She frowned and pouted, pushing her hands down on her pussy.

'Aha! That bottle!' she remembered. She fetched the bottle from the box in the back and climbed back in to the cab. She unscrewed the cap and eagerly pulled her boxer shorts aside, revealing her pussy once more to the soft moonlight. With a squirt, she began to fill the bottle. She missed at first, sending a jet down on to the carpeted floor of the truck, but quickly corrected her aim and sent her stream in to the bottle. Within seconds she realized that this bottle would not be enough. Even without really seeing it, she could tell by the sound of the jet in the bottle that she was nearing the stopping point, but she was far from done peeing.

Stopping as she felt a hot liquid spill over the top and run over her fingers, in a moment of deviance, she raised her fingers to her mouth and sucked her hot girl pee off of them. Her pee tasted very lightly sweet, and not salty at all, but mostly it tasted like nothing. She moaned as her pussy reminded her that she still needed to pee really badly, so she twisted the cap back on the bottle of warm girl juice and shoved it in her bag. She hastily removed her boxers and sat, pussy down on the bench seat of the truck.

She pulled her shirt up so that her tits poked out, bathed in silvery moonlight. She ran a hand over her nipples and shivered with the sensation it gave. Looking down at her crotch, she began to urinate on the seat, her slit emitting a muffled 'shhhhhhhhhhhh' as she pissed hard. Little streams began to squirt out in front of her, and she moaned as she felt the seat begin to absorb her hot liquid. Without stopping the flow, she closed her legs and leaned forward, forcing her girl parts harder down on to the seat.

It became hard to pee, so she pushed on her bladder and was rewarded with a strong flow. The warm patch was spreading through the seat, already it had surrounded her ass and legs, and she began to get off on the though of impregnating the cloth and foam of the truck seat with her pee. A massive amount flowed out of her, and eventually she heard the light pattering of her pee soaking through the bench. She turned sideways and lifted her right leg over the top of the seat, spread her pussy wide and began to spray hot golden piss all over everything.

She got the other half of the seat first, getting it all over her leg as she did so, then peeing hard to spray the passenger window, then splattering the dashboard with a large golden shower. As she began to slow down, she assumed a high squat above her original position, and hissed out her last bit of pee over the seat where she had been sitting. She gasped as she finished, and sat in her wet mess rubbing her clit until she came hard, squirting girl cum over the seat, floor, and dashboard.

She climbed out of the piss-drenched truck and surveyed her work. Even in the low light, you could tell that the interior was dripping wet. The seat was dark, the dashboard glistened, and little droplets of her pussy pee were still splattered over the windows. She shook herself off, giving her wet pussy a few last little rubs, licked her fingers, and put her boxers back on.

To be continued ;)

*002*2014-02-17 21:07

I have others written from the point of view of characters from Skyrim and Borderlands, as well as fiction and semi-fiction not based off any games or anything.

*005*2014-02-18 19:16

Not really, I've watched friends play it, but never played myself.

*007*2014-02-19 20:32

I haven't posted any of them yet.

Video games I'd call myself familair with (that have writable characters):

Borderlands 1,2

Dragon Age Origins

Elder Scrolls Oblivion, Skyrim

Fallout 3, NV

Entire Half-Life universe

L4D 1,2

Portal 1

Resident Evil 5

STALKER Shadow of Chernobyl

TF2

*013*2014-02-20 19:37

{{: 

Considering that list, Mass Effect is probably your kind of game.

Also, If we get any say, you should do one about Leliana.

}}

Heh, I was just thinking about Leilana...

{{: 

Cool, i'd like to see an RE5 fic with Sheva desperate and a L4D fic with Zoey desperate.

}}

I'll work on it sometime soon. Any specific requests or situations?

{{: 

Personally, I'd be interested in seeing that Borderlands one you mentioned earlier.

}}

I'll post it when I get off work later.

{{: 

Some very well written stuff, here! :D

My only criticism is that it seems like quick a block of text, and might be easier to read if you spaced between lines. Other than that... Moar Pleez!

}}

Thanks! I come from a family of teachers and English majors, so, I try to write well. ;)

I'll format the next one more friendly-like.

