(12) Old habits

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-24 14:57

As soon as Harry had left the potion classroom Snape and Lucius went into Snape's office right next to it. 'Take a seat, Lucius.' Said Severus on his typical serious tone as usual while he sat down on the chair behind his desk.Lucius did the same and then looked at him.'You wanted to talk to me about Draco?'Snape nodded his head.'Yes. I'm pretty worried about Draco lately.' He answered. 'He's acting kinda...odd.'Lucius gave him a confused look.'Oh. He might.

That's probably since he started hanging out with that Potter. He's up to no good, just like his father.'Snape was listening closely.'Indeed. Just what I think. Do you really think your son is...' He paused.'That he's what, Severus?' Lucius broke the silence.'You know...that he's attracted to men...' Snape continued.Lucius didn't say anything and just looked at Snape. Very serious.Snape suddenly realized that it wasn't a great topic to talk about thinking about their past....'I just wanted to make sure that....'Lucius got up.'Don't say anything, Severus.' He told him.

Snape kept quiet and just looked at Malfoy's father who walked up to him.'You know...I've been lonely since my wife died. Very lonely.' Lucius said then.'I'm very sorry about that, Lucius. I wish I could help.' The potion teacher answered.'You know that you can help.' Snape looked at him.So he had missed it too. He had always thought that he had been happy with his wife...'I miss....the company.' Lucius continued. 'Just being together and having...you know...intimate moments...'Snape didn't say anything. He knew what he was thinking.'And I bet you do too, Severus. I know it. Don't deny.'He didn't know to be honest. He didn't say anything and just had these flashbacks of when he was a student himself.

He and Lucius Malfoy started in the same year and they were both sorted into Slytherin. They became friends. Very close friends...Too close...He remembered walking up to Lucius in the bathroom after class. And he sure remembered very well what had happened next.Severus needed to pee. Lucius stood in front of the stall and grinned.'What are you doing? I need to use the bathroom.' Severus said desperate.'What if I don't wanna let you?''Come on, Lucius. Don't be silly.'Lucius had just looked at him. And they both didn't say anything until Mr. Malfoy pushed the 16 year old Severus Snape against the wall and started kissing him, touching him.

Snape had never experienced this, since no one ever liked him. They all thought he was strange and barely anyone talked to him. His first experience kissing a boy was probably the best he ever had. It didn't stay with kissing though. And he still had to pee... What happened then was what made their relation so....unique?Was it even the correct word?He didn't know. But Lucius kept touching him. Until he touched his lower stomach. Severus lost it. He started wetting himself right in front of his best friend. He thought he ruined everything but Lucius seemed to get really turned on by it...

Looking at Draco's father right now made him think about everything that had happened.He still had the same eyes. The same cold blue/grey eyes. It gave him some kind of comfort.Lucius smiled at him and sat right in front of him on the desk.'Come on, Severus. I know what you're thinking about. We should do it again....'The grin on his face. And after that he came closer to Snape and started touching his pretty greasy black hair.Snape allowed him and it didn't take long before he got up and grabbed Lucius and started kissing him.This felt so good. So many memories.

Finally he wasn't thinking about all his misery... Lucius touched him and they were standing against the wall.'Ahh Severus...I think I might have drank too much tea before coming....' Lucius announced.Snape looked at him and now it was his time to grin.'Too bad.''I need to use the bathroom...''What if I don't let you?...'Snape now turned around and and pushed Lucius against the door of his office.'Don't...''You knew I missed it didn't you?'Lucius gave him a desperate look.This caused Snape to get even more exited.'I wonder...how Draco and Potter are doing...' Snape said then in between kissing.'Like father like son I believe...'Snape smiled at him.'I always knew Draco was a naughty boy, just like you...''Stop it! I need to use the bathroom now...'He meant it. But Snape wasn't letting him go.Suddenly they heard footsteps on the hallway...

