After School with Siobhan

Author: Trickling Down

*000*2016-05-14 14:12

This is my first actual story, so sorry if it's a bit terrible.

Siobhan arrived home from school and walked over to her room to put her stuff away and get changed into something more comfortable. She changed out of her school uniform and put on a oversize light blue shirt, deciding not to bother putting on any pants, and released her ember-red hair out of its tie. Six hours of school had made her tired and thirsty so she guzzled the rest of her bottle of water and went to the kitchen to make some coffee. Stirring the coffee made her bladder twinge slightly, and Siobhan leaned her right leg into her left. She hadn't used the bathroom since seven that morning, but she wanted to have her coffee while it was still warm. Besides, Siobhan quite liked the feeling of fullness below her abdomen.

She went back to her room, coffee in hand, and started to do some homework. The first thing she reached for was her maths homework. She was only in Year 9, so it was quite easy for her. By 4:30, however, her bladder was proving increasingly distracting, and she had to cross her legs and swing them about to keep the feeling at bay, and she looked over at her now empty coffee cup, and smiled to herself. Siobhan managed to finish her maths soon after, though, and she rewarded herself with a cookie and a glass of cola. She now had to properly cross her legs as she poured her cola, and as she walked back to her room, the pee inside her made its presence very obvious.

Siobhan now started her French homework, which wasn't quite so easy as maths, and after 20 minutes, she hadn't made as much progress as she had hoped. She looked at her clock and saw it was now a little past 5:00, so she decided to go to the bathroom, only to find the door locked. She heard the shower going, causing her to firmly cross her legs, and realised that her older brother was in there. This gave her a naughty thought. Holding her pee felt rather nice, so she decided to hold it until 7:00, which would make it twelve hours since she peed. So Siobhan went back to her room and continued her French, sipping at her cola and occasionally squirming to the messages of her bladder. As she finished her cola, she had another naughty idea.

She stood up, gravity pulling her bladder closer to her nether regions, grabbed her empty water bottle and cup, and walked back to the kitchen. After putting the cup into the sink, she then turned the tap on, triggering a bladder spasm, and her left hand rushed to her crotch. Enjoying the torture of her bladder, Siobhan started filling her water bottle, the sound of the running tap making her legs pivot around her left hand, and when it filled up, what else was there to do but drink it? In her mind, however, the sight of herself guzzling water while desperate was too good to pass up, so she strolled over to her living room mirror and watched herself drink all 750ml of her water, her other hand firmly in her crotch, her legs wriggling around it. Oh how she absolutely loved the sight of it. As she finished her water, Siobhan heard the garage door open, and her mum drove into the house.

"Hello, Siobhan."

"Hi, mum."

"How was today?"

"Today was pretty good."

Siobhan now couldn't hold as obviously as before, so she resorted to pacing around a bit, and then decided to fill her water bottle again, and this time put it in the fridge for tomorrow. She then walked back to her French homework, being careful not to disturb her full bladder. It was now 6:00, eleven hours since she last peed. Now she could wiggle around with crossed legs and hold herself as she worked on the haute mess that is French grammar.

It was almost 7:00, and Siobhan finally finished her French, but then her mum called her down for dinner. She would now have to hold her bladder in front of her family without being obvious. She gingerly got up from her bed and slowly walked to the dining room, removing her hand from her crotch as she neared the dining table. She saw her dad, who had got home while she was doing homework, at the table, and her mum and brother, the latter for some reason wearing a hammer-and-sickle shirt and cotton trousers, putting plates of carbonara on the table, which made her happy. She liked pasta, especially how her family cooked it, and she didn't need both hands to eat it so she could still hold herself discretely under the table.

She sat down, crossed her legs, and reached over for the jug of cola and ice on the table. The resulting pressure on Siobhan's bladder forced her to cross her legs tighter, and she could feel pee draining into her urethra, one step closer to her panties. The feeling was worrying, but also gave her an unusual pleasure. After she poured herself her cola, she put one hand into her crotch and re-crossed her legs around it. As she ate dinner, however, she noticed pee escaping her bladder, one drop at a time, and then she felt a small leak escape, meaning she now felt a small patch on her underwear, causing her to tighten her legs and straighten her posture. Her family, however, didn't seem to notice, giving her a slight sense of relief. She felt another small leak as she finished dinner and was now quite nervous about standing up with over twelve hours of pee pushing at her urethra. She felt yet another leak as she stood up and a drop fell as she put her plate and cup into the sink.

Siobhan now finally had the chance to go to the bathroom, but she couldn't hold herself with her family around, so as she walked to the bathroom, her thighs staying as close together as possible, her bladder was now dripping into her panties. She could finally hold herself as she approached the bathroom as she was now out of sight, and now feeling extra naughty, she decided she would pee while having a shower instead of in the toilet, but when she walked in she found there was no towel, and her bladder spasmed in reaction. Oh come on, she initially thought, now being forced to walk to the laundry room to get a towel, but her mood changed as she hobbled to the laundry room, as she quite liked leaking into her panties, and she even decided not to hold herself on the way. Siobhan grabbed a towel from the laundry closet, and decided to put her shirt and panties in the washing machine, pee dancing as she stripped off and inspected the coaster sized wet spot on her panties.

She now wrapped the towel around herself and hobbled back to the bathroom, this time holding herself as there was now nothing between her urethra and the floor. When she walked in, she unwrapped the towel from herself and placed it on the towel rack, and turned the shower on, the flow of water seemingly turning her bladder on, as yet another squirt of pee came out, this time only her hand stopping it from reaching ground. She stepped into the shower, rinsing her hand off as well, and tried to make some effort to wash herself without peeing, but alas, her bladder was too full, and the warm water proved the final trigger for release.

Siobhan stepped out of the shower stream as the flow of urine started to run down her legs. The pee gave her legs a pleasurable warmth as they flowed down them, but this pleasure was small compared to that of the bladder itself. The cascade of pee gave waves of pleasure to her nether regions, and Siobhan's breathing grew heavy in bliss as her bladder emptied itself of thirteen hours of pee. So this is what sex must feel like, thought Siobhan. Her pee finally finished after well over a minute, and she washed herself, all the while thinking I wanna do that again.

*003*2016-05-21 01:50

{{3 hours ago, Barry said:

I really enjoyed that. Good job.

}}

Thanks, Barry :)

