Desperate in School

Author: TobiasChwan

*000*2013-01-24 20:12

This is my first ever Omo! Tell me what you think! (I'm posting it by pages on Word, every couple of comments I'll post a new chapter :D)

By Chris

###

Charlie sighed happily, walking across his school premises as if he didn't have a care in the world. The girls practically swooned with a wink and all the boys were jealous. Just how he liked it. He went to his locker and took out a couple of books, one yellow which was history, one orange which was science and one blue which was English. He then turned around again, wearing the school uniform of a white t-shirt, red and white tie, black blazer, black trousers and formal shoes. He had his hair the usual, brown shaggy way that had a small fringe swaying naturally to the side, his hazel eyes sparkling under the light. Everybody else was in their class, he had been late because his red cruiser had popped a tyre.

He put the books into his Adidas bag and stepped onwards, looking at the decorated lockers as he did so. The few that weren't decorated were either empty or permanently locked, due to "Inappropriate things". Charlie once had a locked locker for bringing pictures of naked women into school to show to his friends, but he left them there to go to lesson and somebody snitched on him, he almost got banned from school.

As he got to his class he felt a tiny urge to pee, stopping at the door and looking behind him to try and figure whether he could hold it for an hour or so, but as he was about to walk away the door opened and there stood an extremely unhappy teacher.

"Where do you think you're going? You're already late! And bunking!? Nope, not on. You've done that four times this week, and it's only Wednesday. You've got yourself a detention with me, Mr, as soon as the bell goes for break."

"But miss, I just gotta-"

"No buts! Get in and get out your homework."

Charlie bit his tongue and just glared at her, grunting. He walked in and slung his bag to his table, the teacher shouting at him for that too. He slumped down into his seat and got out his school diary, handing it to miss since he hadn't got his homework. She wrote into it "Afterschool detention - Mr Peacock" who was the head teacher. Charlie looked around at the few girls looking at him and winked, forgetting about the slight abdominal urge.

As the bell rang he stood up, slinging his bag over his shoulder and walking out with the crowd before Miss Higgle could notice. He sighed as the urge came back, not thinking this time and instead just going. The people began to clear as he walked on, looking around until he got there. As he pushed the door, his head hit the wood and he stood back, stunned. The ache in his groin was now a bit worse and he couldn't ignore it as well as before, but he wasn't busting yet. He looked at the white sign painted onto the door, it read 'Closed due to childish behaviour'.

Charlie sighed quietly and knew he didn't have time to get to the other toilets, and had to go through another whole hour with the urge growing. He walked off towards his class and opened the door, walking in and closing it behind him. The teacher didn't notice because of the noise and he thought about going back out, but Tiffany, his ex, was in there and would definitely grass him up. She was even looking at him, watching him.

Charlie pretended not to see her and walked/strutted over to his seat, sitting down and 'casually' talked with his mates.

"Dudes, I gotta pee." Charlie spoke randomly.

"That's great to know." Christopher replied, putting his thumbs up.

"No, seriously. If I don't go in a couple hours I'll pee myself." Charlie continued.

"Well then go at break" Jack suggested.

"I can't, gotta go to Miss Higgle." Charlie said, grunting in annoyance.

They talked about anything and everything until the teacher told them to pay attention to her, and the almost shouts turned into quiet voices, then into whispers and then into silence as everybody listened to the teachers' boring lectures about story plans.

*004*2013-01-26 18:39

This chapter contains female nudity in paragraphs 4, 5 and 6 (No detailed descriptions though!) ^-^

###

He couldn't help but fidget slightly as the pressure grew, sighing as he tried crossing his legs although that just made him uncomfortable, but that was the most he could do. His leg began to bump up and down, knee almost bashing on the desk each time, the girls not suspecting a thing although his friends making hissing noises behind him didn't help. He wished he hadn't told them now, and so he groaned quietly and gave them the finger, which was precisely when Miss Jordan turned around.

"10 minutes at break for you, Mr Hephler." she said, nodding proudly.

Charlie didn't even protest, in case his voice sounded desperate. It was getting worse, but he could still easily control the need. Plus his friend's had stopped making him more desperate.

Charlie constantly glanced at the clock, waiting for the longest seconds ever to finally be over. It felt like hours until the bell finally rang, and he darted upwards and almost let a couple drips loose, standing still with his legs as close together as possible without looking too suspicious. His friends shrugged it off, patting him hard on the back and making him wince before walking off. He had no idea how he was going to make it until lunch.

Charlie got his bladder back to normal and shrugged it off, the urge gone as he put on his bag and walked off to his detention, knowing that if he was late he would miss all of lunch and it really wasn't worth it. He was meeting somebody and he didn't want to blow it off. As he got to the door, he knocked before walking in, hearing a gasp. He looked around, confused, closing the door.

"Miss Higgle... Are you here?" he asked whoever was around.

"Y-y-yeah, one second!" came a muffled reply. It was meant to sound like she was in her office, but it sounded more like it was behind the desk. "Please, wait outside." she continued.

But Charlie was feeling curious, since it was relieving him of remembering the growing urge to pee. He walked it to the desk and looked behind it, silently, and saw something that would usually screw a kid up for life.

Miss Higgle had her legs together with two black round things between them, but they weren't her own. The other part was inside of her. It was a vibrator.

Charlie backed up, shielding his eyes as a bulge formed in his trousers, also helping him to forget his need. He swore loudly, but luckily miss Higgle was the best looking female teacher in the school. Straight brown hair and a model body, plus she was shaved. She yelped but it transformed into a loud moan, breathing hard as she obviously just had an orgasm.

"What the hell miss!? Can't you do that crap at home!?" he yelled, stepping further away as the bulge refused to let go of that scene. Miss Higgle, however, just stayed silent with her head in her hands. She gasped as she removed the black thing, it's shape seeming pretty big. She left it there and wiped herself with a tissue, blushing hard as she was still half-dazed.

"I-I'm sorry y-you saw that..." she said, looking away.

Charlie was still in shock, and luckily Miss Higgle hadn't noticed the large bulge protruding from Charlie's loose-ish trousers. Charlie walked forwards a tiny bit and his trousers rubbed against it, making him feel a tiny bit of pleasure. He gasped and hid it, looking up at the teacher with a blush too. Miss looked at him, confused, but then realised and also stepped backwards.

"You... You are dismissed." she said, walking back to her chair. "And we will NEVER speak of this again. Understand?"

Charlie gave a nod and sat down, looking down. "One sec..."

After his erection had gone down, he left the class and walked nowhere for a while, but suddenly got back the urge to pee. It was harsher then he had expected, and it caused him to instantly head towards the other toilets. But as he got there, he saw Caden.

"Dude, you look like you seen a ghost!" he said, looking at him in shock. He always tried to be cool and talk slang, but Charlie had gotten used to it.

"I... Yeah..." Charlie said, not looking at him in the eye. Caden raised an eyebrow.

"What 'appened? By the way you's speakin', you seen suttin' else..."

"N-no, nothing, bye" he said, pushing past him and grabbing the door handle.

*006*2013-01-30 22:23

"Nu-uh! You's tellin' me what you's seen first!" Caden said, grabbing him by the collar and pulling him back.

Charlie groaned, looking at the door and sighing. "I... I saw Rosanna's pussy. Masturbating in east. She's stopped now.

Caden raised both eyebrows before bursting with laughter. "Oh man, you's gonna be scarred fo' life!" he said, continuing to laugh.

Charlie fidgeted a little in his spot, waiting for him to stop laughing. "Can I go now!?"

Caden looked at him, tilting his head before realising. "Oh! Sure, go ahead." he replied, stepping out of the way.

Charlie smiled slightly, reaching out to the door handle and just as he touched it, he heard a familiar bell. He whined slightly, not wanting to let go of the handle and just wanting to burst in there, but as a teacher walked past he figured it was too late.

"Ah, you are in my class next, come with me." he said, and Charlie followed sloppily behind.

The third lesson and the fourth lesson passed, the urge getting stronger and stronger. By the time it was lunch, he had dripped quite a bit, but luckily for him it was only damp in his boxers. He wished he could skip the detention and the meeting and go straight to the bathroom, but he decided that somehow or another he was going to be held back from it.

As he arrived in the teachers room he knocked and slowly opened the door, not looking in. "Miss?" he asked.

"Ah, there you are Charlie. Take a seat. 10 minute detention." she said, filing through some paperwork.

Charlie looked at her, sighing happily as she wasn't doing anything rude. He then tried his best not to waddle to his seat, sitting down and jogging both legs, thighs as close together as possible.

He tried not to think about it. He instead thought about that picture of Miss Higgle, and his cock instantly jumped to attention. He hadn't realised it until he felt something rubbing against his member, looking down and seeing the bulge. He instantly pushed it as far down as possible, crossing his legs to cover it. Other than that, the ten minutes weren't very interesting.

Finally he got up. "Ten minutes miss," he said before rushing out, not even giving her time to protest. He was half-running half-walking towards east to meet a boy. He suddenly broke out into a run, dodging the loiterers, leaping out of the doors and running to him. He was waiting in the corner, looking around. Charlie caught up to him, smiling and hopping about. Jack (the boy) had emo black hair and two lip piercings as well as blue eyes. They talked for a while, but suddenly something unexpected happened.

Jack leaned forwards and pressed his lips hard against Charlie's. Charlie gasped, but didn't resist. The boy's hands drove all over Charlie's back as he attempted tongues, and Charlie finally gave up and opened his mouth, kissing him right back in the same manner. They were only saw by a couple of people, and lucky that was just Christopher and his other friends.

Charlie felt a dribble of something wet in his trousers and instantly backed up, crossing his legs tightly. Jack stared at him, before suddenly realizing and backing up too. "Did you just...?" Jack asked, looking at him in a shocked way. Charlie shook his head but hopped about "N-n-no, but I might soon..." he said, sitting down on a bench. and holding his groin, then realizing that it wasn't helping at all. It only worked with girls.

Jack stood there for a while but then cautiously manoeuvred around him as if there was already a puddle beneath him. Jack sat next to him and hesitated before half patting half hugging him, looking helpless. Charlie stayed sitting for a while before standing up slowly, careful not to leak. He took a deep breath as he heard the bell ring. "One more hour..." he whispered to himself. Jack stood beside him, looking down and blushing slightly. "I... Let's just meet up after school. By the Head's office." he said before walking off.

Charlie whimpered slightly, standing there before walking into school, going towards the next lesson. 'I can do it...' he repeated to himself. taking another deep breath before walking in. He sat in the seat right at the back of the class, furthest away from the teacher and began to work so that he didn't have to stay behind, whimpering slightly and fidgeting all the while.

*008*2013-01-31 19:32

He suddenly sat straight up and gasped, a small wet patch forming on his trousers. He groaned and quickly cut off the stream by holding his length, covering his urethra and trying as hard as he could to stop it completely. His boxers were wet and rubbing against him whenever he fidgeted but his trousers were black so the large orange-sized dark patch underneath him was practically invisible. He whimpered and looked at the clock, sighing with relief as he saw there was only five minutes left, and then having to stop himself from wetting again.

Charlie began to pack up all his stuff five minutes before the bell, leaving only a pen and his work. At first he done it one-handed, clinging onto his trousers, but then he got confident enough to slowly remove it and helped the other hand. By the time he was done, there was only one minute left. He finished the sentence and silently put the pen down, the urge being subtle enough now to not have to hold his shaft.

Ring! Yes! Charlie went to leap from his chair but was instantly reminded about his problem, stopping and instead very slowly getting up, gently putting his bag onto his shoulder, pen into his pocket and grabbing his work to put it on the desk at the front as he left. As soon as he got the door he began to run, trying not to jog himself about too much, heading straight for the toilets. But he didn't even get to the first corner before the head teacher stopped him.

"And where do you think you're going? Miss Higgle told me about our little meeting. Come on." he said, sternly.

Charlie let out a groan, half because Miss Higgle had only let him off of her detention, and half because his bladder was going to burst any minute now. He got to his office and sat down in the seat by the desk, the only pupil seat, and fidgeted a lot as Mr Peacock looked through the cabinets. Charlie looked at the door and saw Jack there, looking in with a pitying expression on his face. Charlie looked away and down, sighing.

"Aha!" Mr Peacock exclaimed, grabbing a folder and pulling it out, turning around. "I found your record. Now then, shall we?" he asked, sitting down in his chair, putting the folder on the table and flicking through the pages, making different expressions as he read some of it and also making 'hmm'ing noises.

Charlie almost doubled over as he felt the sharpest urge yet, feeling a burst of urine come out of his penis and it began to wet his boxers again. He shoved his hand into his pants and covered the urethra, a couple of drops bursting through. Charlie then done something he shouldn't have done and let out a soft moan, eyes looking desperate. This caught the head's attention, and as he saw the hand he looked horrified.

"Charlie Hephler!! Are you masturbating in my room!?" he yelled. This made Charlie wince, his thumb becoming weak and allowing a couple more drops to pass.

"N-n-no sir! I-I swear! I'm-" he got cut off as he doubled over, holding himself tighter and letting out another whimper.

"Oh my god Charlie! Get the hell out of here NOW! You'll be lucky if you can ever go to a school again!" he yelled, standing up and pointing to the door.

Charlie obliged and stood up as slowly as he could, trying not to fall back down and half-waddled to the door, weakly pushing it open and walking out. He didn't care if he never came to school, he just wanted to relieve himself. Jack was just to the side of the door so that he wasn't caught and gasped as he saw Charlie, closing the door for him and zooming to his side.

"Come on, we can make it," he assured. "The toilet isn't far-"

"Y-y-yes it is... That t-t-toilet's o-out of o-order..." Charlie tried to say, making it sound extremely jittery. He tried to walk further but felt something warm go over his hand, making him clench tighter to stop most of the flow, now just dripping. "F-f-fuck!" he almost yelled, leaning against a wall to stop him falling to his knees.

Jack winced and thought rapidly about what he could do, but only finding one way. He walked up to Charlie and stuck their lips together again, closing his eyes and rubbing his dry crotch against Charlie's wet one, hoping to give him an erection. Charlie gasped and some more pee came out, making him whimper but as Jack's crotch grinded against his, his penis lifted a little and made it easier to hold. Not easy, just easier.

((Last part coming up soon!))

*009*2013-02-11 15:05

((Meh, last part))

Jack noticed that Charlie was still having trouble, so he shoved his hands into Charlie's trousers and grabbed it, moving Charlie's hand out of the way and covering the urethra himself. This made Charlie instantly become erect, and making him whine a little too at the pleasure. Charlie broke the kiss and stuttered "W-w-what are you d-doing?"

"What does it look like I'm doing? I'm helping you." Jack said. Charlie began to look better but then pushed him back, wincing at the pain.

"But now it hurts... I'm gonna explode!" he cried out loudly. Jack looked at him with a sad expression and instead put his arms around Charlie.

"It's ok... But could you perhaps make it to the toilet now?"

"M-m-maybe..."

"Well then, come on."

Jack slowly began moving Charlie towards the other toilets, which were sadly on the other side of the school, but still worth a shot. Charlie was doubled over, hobbling slowly along with him and letting out grunts of pain every now and then.

"How long have you been holding it?" Jack asked, breaking the silence.

"S-six hours I th-think..." Charlie whispered, whimpering again afterwards. He still had a bulge in his trousers, but it was slowly drooping. Time was running out.

Jack quickened his pace and hurried over to a corner, panting slightly. He then went in front of him, bent down and patted his back. "Get on, it'll be quicker." he said hurriedly, trying to make sure Charlie didn't lose this fight.

"B-b-but what if I-I p-p-pee on y-you..." Charlie said, groaning and holding himself tighter as his erection went down further.

"It doesn't matter, we will still get as far as we can and whatever happens, happens." Jack said, getting closer.

Charlie winced at the thought of wetting on his new possible boyfriend, but then almost fell to his knees again in desperation so he slowly slide himself onto Jack's back, using one arm to cling to him and the other to hold his desperate dick.

Jack instantly ran, trying to be as smooth as possible but the constant bumps weren't helping at all. As they rushed down the hall, Charlie clenched his fists and let out a quiet moan, some more drops leaking. His trousers were pretty damp now and there was probably a couple of marks on Jack's shirt from it, but Charlie held on for dear life.

They were coming up to the last corner soon, but Charlie felt something warm beginning to push past his thumb. "A-ah! Put me d-down!" he yelled, closing his eyes tight.

"No! We're almost there!" Jack called back, picking up the pace slightly.

"B-but It's... happening!" Charlie told him, wincing at how pathetic it sounded. It took Jack a short while to realise what he had said, but as he hit the final corner he realised that Charlie was losing it, and could feel a tiny bit of warmth on his back. But the door was right there!

"Just hold it for a few more seconds!" Jack pleaded.

"I-I can't!" Charlie said, almost in tears.

And just like that, Charlie lost it. They were merely feet from the door and the floodgates opened, hot liquid rushing past his thumb, although he didn't move it. He desperately tried to block it again, but there was no way that was going to happen now. The small circle on his trousers began to grow rapidly and Charlie felt it run down his legs, tears falling slowly down his cheeks but the feeling of pure pleasure causing him to raise his head and moan loudly. Jack stopped as he felt his back begin to get wet, trying to stay standing up whilst the liquid dripped further down his back, beginning to hit the back of his trousers.

Charlie continued to moan with pleasure, his bulge beginning to dig into Jack's back, but it didn't stop the flow. He was only half finished, and there was still a lot more to come, and as Charlie relaxed further, the stream became harder, and Jack was fighting to keep Charlie on his back, for he was afraid that if he put him down his knees would give out. Charlie gripped tighter and rested his head on Jack's upper back, blushing immensely as he panted loudly. The feeling was incredible, and that was all he could think of so he moaned again.

Quite a few people in the classes heard the commotion, and almost everybody knew who the voice belonged to so they were all blushing too, but Charlie couldn't think about them.

Eventually, the stream thinned and his trousers and underwear were completely soaked, as well as Jack's back and some of his trousers, a puddle underneath them. Jack finally put Charlie down, but wouldn't look him in the eye, not that Charlie wanted to. Charlie stared at his pants, the large bulge in the front and he took out his completely soaked hand, staring at it in disbelief.. "I... I'm so sorry..." he whispered.

"It's ok." Jack replied. Charlie couldn't help but look up and he saw the bulge in Jack's pants too, but didn't say anything. Instead, he stood up straight and walked into the toilets, Jack close behind him. (To be continued?)

*011*2013-02-19 19:39

{{:

I really like this story!♥ You use nice descriptions, and the storyline flows smoothly all the way through.

I can't wait to read more! You really have a knack for writing. c:

}}

Thank you! :D

*013*2013-02-26 19:29

{{:

I like it too!! I would love to see the yaoi part at the end~~ :)

}}

Perhaps I will some day make a part 2, although people don't really seem to be enjoying this... x.x

