Chiyo's Lesson

Author: Tsu

*000*2013-10-26 01:30

A special story for neptune729, presenting my first Azumanga Daioh fic.

NOTE: The following story takes place after the end of episode 14. If you haven't seen the episode, don't worry too much. It doesn't spoil a lot. But do watch the show if you haven't already.

{{: 

It was day two of the girls’ vacation at Chiyo-chan’s summer home. After an eventful night at a nearby summer festival topped off with a rather interesting fiasco involving one Ms. Kurosawa, they decided to head down to the beach for a nice afternoon swim. The sun was shining and the water was calm and oh so refreshing.

“Alright, another fun day at the beach.” Tomo said holding a watermelon and aluminum bat. “This time I’m gonna smash that watermelon!”

“You’re never gonna give this a rest are you?” Her good friend Yomi asked.

“Has anyone seen Chiyo-chan?” Osaka asked.

“She was talking with Nyamo last I checked.” Said Ms. Yukari, their English teacher. “I bet she’s trying to clear things up if you know what I mean.”

“Well, we can start without her.” Kagura said. “Come on, the water isn’t getting any cooler.”

The gang then made their way into the blue ocean. As it is normally on such days, they weren’t the only ones: There were little kids in the water with floaties and life jackets, big kids having splash fights and playing water polo and others were on the beach playing nice games of volleyball or flying kites. The girls managed to get in on the fun and had themselves a bit of fun as well. Yomi was doing stretches on the beach, Sakaki was building another sand sculpture of the cute cat mascot Neko Coneko after Osaka accidentally destroyed the last one, Yukari and Nyamo were lying on their beach towels under a large umbrella, Osaka was just floating around and Tomo and Kagura were out in the deep, splashing each other.

A few minutes in the splash fight, Kagura paused as she noticed a familiar twinge in her bladder. Tomo paused as she saw Kagura wade out to shore.

“Where are you going?” Tomo asked.

“I just gotta take a leak.” Kagura said. “I’ll be right back.”

“If you have to pee, pee.” Tomo said. “It’s one big ocean.”

“No way!” Kagura said blushing. “I can’t pee when others are around; I’ll head back to the house.”

“Suit yourself.” Tomo said as Kagura made her way back to shore.

Once Kagura was on the path back to the house, she noticed the large patch of trees that stood in front of the house, the same one where Tomo threw the only house key towards and they spent nearly ten minutes looking for. Kagura then had a thought: She figured that since nobody else was around, she would have her pee in the woods.

It was a daring idea, but she decided to give it a shot. After all, it beat walking any further to the house. After walking far enough into the woods and making sure nobody could possibly see her. She slid her bikini bottom down to her knees, squatted down and relaxed. Immediately, a thick jet of yellow pee poured out from her and splashed the grass with a loud hissing. Kagura just closed her eyes and sighed happily as her stream continued to pour out and splatter the ground. After finishing her business, she grabbed a fallen leaf and used it to wipe of the golden droplets that clung to the hairs on her vagina (Like most Japanese girls her age, she didn’t bother shaving).

After drying off, she pulled up her swimsuit and headed off. Suddenly, she noticed Chiyo-chan was walking in the woods as well. Curious, she decided to follow her. Kagura noticed that Chiyo-chan had her swimsuit in hand. Was she out here to change? Kagura would think the 11-year-old genius would be more modest than that. Kagura ducked behind a tree to see what exactly she was up to.

Chiyo-chan paused in front of a tree and set her swimsuit down on the grass. She then looked both ways and then…Kagura couldn’t believe what she was seeing: Chiyo lowered her shorts and underwear just slightly down so that the top half of her bottom was uncovered. She then placed her hands right where her private area would be, moved them around a bit and suddenly began to relax. From behind Kagura could see and hear a clear stream pour out from between her legs and sprinkle the base of the tree. Kagura’s eyes just widened as she realized she wasn’t just out here to change, she was out here to pee in the woods. What really intrigued here was the way she was doing it: She was peeing standing up; standing up like a boy would at a urinal and wasn’t spilling one drop on her pants or shoes. Kagura was really curious now. She tried to get a closer look but lost her footing and tripped.

“Who’s there?” Chiyo-chan said finishing up and wiping herself with a square of toilet paper. She then readjusted her pants and saw that Kagura was lying on the ground. “Miss Kagura?”

“Oh.” Kagura said getting back up. As she got up, she noticed the wet patches on the tree trunk and the foamy pool near the roots, confirming what she saw. “Well, I just had to go myself and I noticed you were…”

“You mean you were watching me the whole time?” Chiyo asked.

“I didn’t know you were gonna do your business.” Kagura said. “I only stayed because I was curious how you did that?”

“Did what?”

“You know…” Kagura said. “Pee standing up. How long have you been doing this?”

“I learned how to do it when I was five years old.” Chiyo said proudly. ”I decided to teach myself after I watched my dad right after I was potty-trained. It didn’t take long until I mastered it. My parents wanted to encourage me since I was learning a new thing so they let me pee wherever I could as long as it was outside the house or in the bathroom. Eventually, I started doing it in the toilet just because it was more modest, but when I’m vacationing here, I often sneak out and pee on the trees for practice.”

“Do you think you can teach me?” Kagura asked.

“Well, I don’t have to go anymore, but when I do, I don’t see why not.” Chiyo said. “Just promise me you’ll keep it between us.”

“Scout’s honor.” Kagura said. She then walked back to the beach as Chiyo-chan began to change into her swimsuit.

A short while later, the sun was beginning to set. The six girls and their teachers decided to walk home and relax for the evening.

“Man, I’m busting.” Tomo said stretching. “Hey Chiyo-chan. Maybe when we get back, you can teach me your peeing trick.”

“What?” Chiyo exclaimed.

“Tomo!” Kagura shouted. She then turned to Chiyo-chan. “Sorry, I don’t know what she’s talking about.”

“Sure you do.” Osaka said. “Remember how you told me and Tomo about how you saw Chiyo-chan peeing on a tree like a boy and she offered to teach you?”

“Shh!” Kagura said.

“You told them?” Chiyo said. “Well, I can’t say I didn’t expect that. I guess I can give you a few pointers once we head back.”

“You leave me out of this.” Yomi said. “I’m not going to sink to your level, especially when it involves you asking an 11-year-old to do something that private for you. Right, Sakaki?”

Sakaki said nothing as she and Yomi walked back to the house with the teachers. The rest meanwhile just stood outside.

“Alright, Chiyo-chan.” Tomo said. “Let the training begin.”

Soon after, the four girls walked into a deep part of the woods, away where nobody could possibly see them. They then stood in a straight line with Chiyo at the end.

“Now, the first thing you wanna do is pull your swimsuit bottoms all the way down, that means if you have a one-piece, you take it off completely.” Chiyo said. “Since I’ve been doing this for a while, I can do it with just my bottom pulled to the side.”

Tomo and Kagura then lowered their bikini bottoms completely. Unfortunately for Osaka, she was the only one with a one-piece so she had to remove it completely. Afterwards stood four girls: Two bottomless, one with the crotch of her swimsuit pulled to the side and one completely naked.

“Now spread your feet apart like so.” Chiyo said spreading her feet about two feet apart; the other girls then followed suit.

“Now take your fingers and spread your private area like so.” Chiyo said placing her fingers at the end of each fold of her hairless little vagina and spread them apart while keeping her swimsuit tucked to the side. The rest observed and followed suit, placing their fingers on their vaginas with various amounts of hair and spread them the same way Chiyo did.

“Now let nature do the rest…” Chiyo said.

Shortly after, four streams of various lengths and power flowed freely in the air and sprinkled the grass. Chiyo and Kagura, who each had a big pee already today, had rather tiny streams that arched forward near flawlessly.

“Wow, Miss Kagura.” Chiyo said. “You’re really getting the hang of it.”

“Aw yeah! Flow baby flow!” Tomo shouted as she thrust her hips forward and rocked them side-to-side while admiring the sight and loud hissing sound of her large pee stream. Having not gone all day and already begging for a pee break, she had the heaviest and clearest stream of them all.

Osaka, on the other hand, was having a bit of trouble. Her stream poured forward for only a couple seconds until the rest dribbled all over her legs and feet. After noticing Tomo, she decided to emulate her and thrust her pelvis forward. Her stream was dying down by then, but she was at least able to keep herself from getting anymore wet.

Eventually, everyone finished up. With Chiyo, having the smallest bladder capacity, being the first and Tomo, having held it in the longest, being the last.

“Great job everyone.” Chiyo said.

“Try awesome! That was so fun. Look at that!” Tomo said pointing to the foamy puddle she made in the grass. “I made that while standing up, I must’ve peed a whole meter in front of me.”

“It’s nothing to get excited about.” Chiyo said.

“I could barely get it to fly right.” Osaka moped.

“Don’t worry, Miss Osaka.” Chiyo said. “For some people it takes a bit of practice. Now let’s clean ourselves up.”

The girls each found a leaf and wiped their vaginas completely dry, from deep inside their slits to what clung on their pubic hairs (save for Chiyo whose hair had yet to grow).

“Well, let’s head back before it get dark now.” Chiyo said.

Suddenly they were interrupted by the familiar hissing sound. They looked and saw a tall girl peeing in the grass where they were. She was dressed in a short sleeve shirt and jeans and was peeing only through the fly of her zipper while still aiming with her hands. Despite the difficulty of such a feat, she managed to pee almost two meters in front of her and saw no signs of slowing down. After a full minute, the heavy stream died down as the girl removed her hands. She then took out a tissue from her pocket, wiped her vagina and zipped her pants up. The others just stared in awe as they saw who the girl was.

“Miss Sakaki?” Chiyo asked. “How did you do that? I can’t even do that.”

“I practice often.” Sakaki said.

“Sakaki that was incredible!” Kagura said. “I’ve never seen anyone pee like that before!”

“You gotta teach me that!” Tomo said.

“Miss Sakaki, I admire you.”

Sakaki just blushed as the rest of the girls minus Chiyo crowded her and walked back to the house.

“Umm, you’re welcome.” Chiyo said.

Yomi, who had walked out with Sakaki, saw Chiyo and walked up to her.

“You know, If it makes you feel better, I don’t really care what the knuckleheads have learned.” Yomi said.

“Well, if you ever change your mind, you know where to find me.” Chiyo said walking back to the house.

When Yomi was sure nobody was around, she decided to have her own little fun.

‘Nobody must know. If Tomo found out, she’d never let me live it down.’ She thought to herself.

Looking both ways, she faced a tree, lowered her pants and underwear partway down, spread her unshaven labia and peed. Peed standing up like the rest with the thickest, loudest, clearest stream of all the six girls with no regrets and no stopping anytime soon, even having enough in her to pee out the hiragana that made up her name.

Yomi just sighed. Her secret safe for now…

}}

*003*2013-10-26 03:31

{{: 

I enjoyed it. It gave me an idea for another story, if you or anyone would like to write it. How about a story where Tomo teaches the girls to pee in a pool without being noticed, and/or convincing the others to try it, even Yomi? It'll likely be in character for Tomo, and would show a childish side to Yomi she sometimes shows.

}}

That I can cover. No need to have anyone write it for me.

