Serena's desperate date (a sailor moon fan fiction)

Author: TJC

*000*2017-07-29 14:28

Author's note: This is a fanfic based on the nineties dub of sailor moon. It takes place when before Amy Rei and Serena met the other scouts. I am looking to improve my writing so all criticism/comments are welcome.

Serena's desperate date

Serena, Rei and Amy had been studying for their mid term exams all afternoon. Well Amy and Rei were studying, Serena was goofing off, reading Rei's Sailor V comics and chugging away at Rei's sodas while munching chips. The girls had gotten together at Rei's house that day after school to study. Rei had surrounded herself with a rather large collection of books. Amy had so many books she could start her own library. Serena on the other hand, never took any of hers home. Serena was being her regular lazy self; laughing loudly at the comics and crunching potato chips. Serena's extreme laziness was becoming a nuisance to the others. "For goodness sake serena, how many sodas did you drink?" Rei asked angrily. "And why aren't you studying? I doubt sailor v is on your test." Serena burst into tears whining. "Waaaahhh, Rei why are you so mean? I just wanted to take a break, studying is so hard."

"Come on you two." Chimed in Amy. "No!" Interjected Rei "We were supposed to study. Serena just came to read my comics and chug..." Rei paused to do a quick count of Serena's finished soda cans."Seven sodas!? Serena, you need to focus more in life! You're extremely lazy."

"I'm sick of you picking on me all the time Rei!" Serena began packing up her belongings in her backpack. "I don't need this, I'm leaving. "Good, go!" Serena stormed out of Rei's house and slammed the door. Shortly after, Serena would regret her brash exit.

While distracted reading comics, Serena did not notice her ever increasing need to pee from all that soda she drank. "Oh, maybe i shouldv'e gone to pee before throughing that fit at Rei's. I can't go back after that fight; and home is a pretty far walk. I know, the arcade isn't too far, I'll pee there." Serena contiued her walk to the arcade. Her need to pee was definitely noticeable but not critical. She thought she could ignore it by putting her mind on something else.

"Hmmm, i hope i run into Andrew. He's so nice. I just hope that jerk Darien doent's show up. What a creep, doen't he have anything better to do than pick of middle schoolers?" Serena's tactic worked, and before she knew it she was at the arcade. Once she arrived, her mind snapped out of thinking of boys and her focus returned to her bladder, which was begining to become critical. "Oh finally! I feel like i'm gonna burst." Serena made her way towards the bathhroom. She suddenly felt a hand on her shoulder. She looked back startled. "Hey Serena."

"yo meatball head!" There were Andrew and Darien. Serena answered excitedly. "Hey Andrew!" She then turned to darien with a look of sheer apathy. "And hey Darien."

"Andrew and I were just on our way to dinner, see ya meatball head."

"Hey Darien, that's not nice. Sorry about him, wanna come eat with us Serena? Were going to this great pastry shop."

"I'd love to come! Let's go!"

Serena forgot all about her bladder as she went with the guys.

On the walk to the pastry shop Serena's bladder was beginning to become a real problem for her. She knew she should relieve herself asap, yet she did not want to leave Andrew's side. She also didn't want to seem like a little kid, unable to hold it in, in front of her older friends. Then there was the thought of Darien cracking a joke on the matter. Walking was beginning to become difficult to do without fidgeting. She tried her best to walk normally despite the intense pressure in her abdomen. It wasn't easy, but Serena managed to walk all the way to the restaurant without drawing any attention to her condition.

They soon arrived at the shop. The three of them took their seats and they checked their menus. Serena was having trouble focusing on her menu as she was too focused on her now aching, full bladder. "Oh i really need to pee!" Serena thought to herself as she fidgeted in her seat. " But ooooh, it's so embarrassing for a girl to admit this to two older guys. Besides, i don't want to leave Andrew's side, this is like a date!" Serena's train of thought was abruptly interrupted.

"Uhh Serena, are you okay? You've been fidgeting a lot." Serena's thoughts were interrupted as she looked up to see a concerned Andrew. Darien chimed in. " Yo meatball head, if you need to pee its down the hall." Serena was embarrassed upon realising her desperation was so noticeable to others; and she was fuming at Darien's crude remarks. Serena knew that the wise thing to do would be to just swallow her pride and go relieve herself, but for her it was just too embarrassing a thought. Serena snobbishly put her nose up to the side. "Hmm! What a rude joke to make. I'm perfectly fine thank you very much!"

"OK, OK, relax, just asking." Darien and Andrew proceeded to talk to each other about some college assignment. Serena wanted to join the conversation but she needed all her mental energy to focus on her now critical bladder.

A short while had passed, and Serena was really regretting her decision to not swallow her pride and just admit her need to pee. She didn't even understand it herself; why was it so embarrassing to admit? Serena didn't know why, she knew it just was. "Oh great move!" Serena thought to herself. "I have to pee worse than iv'e ever had to before. It can't be that embarrassing to just admit it and go." Serena tried her best to hide her desperation; but she was having a hard time concealing her constant crotch grabbing and fidgeting. "Ohhhh! It feels like a whole river is trying to get out of my bladder. I must go! I can't hold it much longer." Serena was sweating profusely and shaking her legs in a seemingly hopeless attempt to keep her panties dry.

"This is it; I'm gonna go, it's silly, nothing embarrassing about pee." Serena got up to make her way to the bathroom. She had to push her body up with her hands as most of her lower body was focusing on her bladder. "Uhh Andrew..." As serena was about to excuse her self, when she felt a massive wave of pressure in her abdomen. Just then Serena let out a spurt of pee. "Oh no, I must hurry!" Serena tried running towards the bathroom; after a few steps she couldn't take it anymore. Serena began to spurt out pee. She tried crabbing her crotch with all her might and crossing her legs but the flow continued. First Serena managed to keep it to a slow drizzle but eventually it just started pouring out of her. A long, powerful, seemingly endless stream flowed out of Serena. It left her panties completely drenched, made several wet spots on her skirt and left a sizeable puddle on the floor.

Serena couldn't believe it. She had fought so hard to avoid embarrassment and now the most humiliating thing of her life happened. The entire restaurant had their eyes on her. Serena wanted to run but she was so mortified all she could do was drop to her knees and begin weeping. "Wahhhh" Just then Darien got up. "Hey Serena, here you go." Darien handed his sweater to Serena to put around her waist and cover some of her stains. He then put his arm around her in a comforting, brotherly fashion and escorted her out of the restaurant. The too walk briskly until they found a little secluded alley so they could talk privately.

Serena, still sobbing mustered up a show of gratitude. "Thanks Darien."

"Serena, you could've gone to the bathroom in there you know..."

"I was too embarrassed. I thought you'd make a joke, or call me something like... Meat ball bladder if I went to the bathroom." Darien wiped away a tear on Serena's face. "I only tease you cause I like you... like a little sister." Serena smiled and blushed a little. After a short conversation the two went their separate ways. "Wow" thought Serena. "He was so nice today. The way he came in and saved me was so heroic. He's just like Tuxedo Mask." Suddenly Darien called out to Serena. "Yo meatball head! Make sure to wash my sweater before returning it OK?" Serena's mood quickly soured again. "Oh as if that jerk has anything in common with my Tuxedo mask.

