Desperate at the big dinner

Author: The Shark

*000*2017-12-15 17:39

Allison was a simple woman. She had brown long hair, a midsized chest and butt, and a thin yet striking figure. Her whole goal in life was to work her way up the corporate ladder like her father once did years and year ago. This fateful night she was trying to do just that. Dressed in a white button up shirt tucked into grey dress pants with black heels, she sat with her current boss Kurt and his wife Sarah at dinner.

Allison was Kurt’s monetary wealth manager. She had numerous clients, but Kurt was her biggest and wealthiest. He owner numerous estates and had a large company. Alison had hoped if she could get on his good side that he would offer her a job in his corporation. So thus, she sacrificed a social life to spend times like tonight with Kurt and his wife.

Tonight, was a special dinner. They awaited the arrival of a special guest for dinner. A Miss Chelsea Roman. Supposedly she was some big shot representative for a group called “PISSOFF”. The organization was a small but interconnected non-profit focusing on women’s toilets rights. Allison glanced over the file she had made up for Kurt. “Gee… could use a toilet soon myself” She thought.

The group had been at the fancy restraint for about an hour. Chelsea was most defiantly late. Allison had taken to drinking water to help pass the time, as there’s only so much you can talk to your boss about before the conversation slows to a crawl. Her boss was getting impatient and was tapping away at the table while checking his blackberry, his wife doing the same. “I thought you said she confirmed the meet up.” Kurt said with a snarky tone to Allison. “She did. Just two hours ago I received a confirmation email” Allison replied, subtly crossing her legs under the table. She was feeling a twinge in her bladder, something Allison knew all too well. She couldn’t let it get too much but there was no way to excuse herself easily while waiting for a client.

But her mind started reeling anyway, calculating timings, figuring out when they might be able to leave so she could sneak a pee in. Allison hated needing to go. As a teenager, her parents warned that if she ever got so full she burst, she would literally burst! While never confirmed by a doctor, her parents insisted of it, citing her not having a sister anymore as enough proof. Thus, Allison never took a chance with her bladder, always wanting to get to a toilet as soon as possible. It didn’t help her that her bladder was quite small to begin with.

As she squirmed in her seat, all 5 glasses of water pouring through to her bladder, she looked to her boss. “I guess maybe she decided not to come… maybe we try again another time?” she said almost pleading. Every minute this dragged on the more she needed to go. This would get really bad really soon if she didn’t get to a bathroom.

“I suppose so… such a shame. Would have been a great tax wri-“Kurt was cut off by a clank of a glass on the table, spilling a bit of yellow champagne on the table with it. The party of three glanced up to the woman in orange who slammed the glass down. “I’m so sorry to keep you all waiting” The woman announced. “I’m Miss Roman!” She exclaimed. Chelsea was clad in an extremely tight orange dress that hugged all her voluptuous curves. Her massive chest bulged from the dress making it look like it was going to pop out any second. Her pitch-black shoulder length hair bounced a little as she chuckled. Some of the Champaign had splashed on her cleavage. In an extremely provocative manner she took a finger and wiped some of it up, sticking her now wet finger into her mouth and winked at Kurt. “My apologies on being late, just another desperate day over at PISSOFF” she said sitting next to Sarah. “Ohhhh not to worry Miss Roman” Kurt said, his eyes wide and the crotch of his pants stiffening.

Allison was in awe for two reasons. #1 the woman was gorgeous. #2 The splashing of the yellow liquids and the mention of the words “desperate” and “piss” sent shockwaves through her bladder, reminding her off her now desperate need. Her legs crossed tight over each other, a hand plunging to her crotch to try and hold it all in. Her kidneys seemed to be in overdrive, pushing water straight to her pee hole. “Oh no. This is getting bad. I don’t want to explode! I need to sneak away soon.” She thought, panicking to herself. Her left hand came up out of her crotch as she tried to seem professional and started playing with her hair to distract herself, curling it up in her fingers as her legs tensed beneath her.

Chelsea kept on talking, PISSOFF this and PISSOFF that. All the mentioning’s of piss and toilets was making Allison go mad. After a solid 10 minutes of listening to Chelsea Allison couldn’t continue. Her bladder had filled massively and was approaching a pure desperation point. Lucky for her, Kurt seemed entranced on Chelsea, well maybe just her cleavage. None the less Allison saw an opportunity. She uncrossed her extremely tightly crossed legs and made for an awkward sprint to the restaurants toilets. She had her thighs pressed inward as she briskly rushed to the bathroom. She opened the women’s room to find two stalls. She knocked on the first one. “Occupied” a woman said, moaning as a stream poured into the toilet. Allison crossed her legs and bounced in place as she knocked on the second door. The woman in the second stall said nothing and continued to read her magazine. Allison bounced in need, a hand making its way to her crotch once more.

She moaned and closed her eyes as her desperation became worse and worse. She was beginning to think she might reach her bursting point. She grimaced at the thought of soiling her white lace panties but grimaced even more at the rigorous thought that she might explode. She could not let that happen. Sweat started to ferment on her brow as she came to a rash decision. She walked outside and into the men’s room, praying nobody would be inside.

“Just a quick pee in a urinal will so. Anything to relief myself!” She cursed under her breath. As she opened the door to the men’s room she gasped! Three burly men stood firm, pissing powerful streams into the urinals right in front of her. Allison quickly closed the door, but the image of the streams rocked her bladder and she gasped as a small squirt of pee fell to her panties. She felt something deep inside her brewing. Something with explosive capabilities.

“Oh no! The rumors must be true!” she thought crossing her legs and bouncing in place as she tried to hold on. There was a bench outside the toilets and she sat down, trying desperately to wait for a stall to open.

Back at the table, Chelsea continued to talk the ears off Kurt and Sarah. “Listen, all women should have the right to pee wherever there is a toilet, men’s room or women’s room” she said lustfully. She had Sarah and Kurt right where she needed them, ready to donate if she said the word. Just then she felt her bra spring open at the front, her “massive” boobs falling to the sides of her dress and jiggle around. She gasped saying “Excuse me!” As she grabbed at her chest and rushed to the bathrooms. Lucky for her as she walked up someone was leaving the women’s room.

Allison shot up, seeing a woman leave the women’s room. As she tried to enter, however, Chelsea was there to push her way past her! Chelsea rushed into the open stall and locked it, leaving a helpless Allison outside, absolutely bursting to piss! Allison knocked on the door of the other stall again but got no response. She was so close but yet so far. Allison leaned her back against the wall, crossed her legs, and pushed both hands to her crotch, trying to hold in the massive flood brewing inside of her.

Inside the stall, Chelsea pulled down the front of her dress, exposing a lace orange bra with big cup inserts to make her boobs look massive. Her bra was held in place by a close pin to keep it all pushed together. However, as she tried to slip everything back into place, her big gel cups sprang from her bra and fell into the toilet! “Oh shit!” Chelsea gasped. She couldn’t use them now! They would soak through her dress. Thinking rashly, she took toilet paper and started stuffing her bra to achieve the same took. She pushed her tits up, closed her bra, and pulled her dress back up. Just as she was about to leave, she turned to the toilet. It had been a long day for her and she defiantly could use a pee break. She hiked up her dress, pulled down her orange lace thong, and hovered over the seat. She pissed forcefully into the toilet, smiling as she went. Allison gasped and pushed harder into her pee hole, bouncing on the wall as she was forced to listen to this.

Chelsea finally finished up her pee and pulled up her thong, flushing the toilet, and leaving the stall. As she left, Allison rushed in, unbuttoning her dress pants and turning into the toilet to sit. She didn’t even bother to lock the door as she sat on the toilet seat, ready to let out a long pent up pee. However, as she waiting to let go, she felt a wetness on her ass. She gasped and sprang up, a tiny shot of pee shooting into the toilet as she got up. Chelsea had flushed the toilet with the gel inserts still inside! They had gotten caught on the inside pluming and forced a water break in the toilet forcing the water straight up! Allison yelled, pulling her pants back up in a hurry. The woman from the other stall came out. “Wow what a bitch! Thanks a lot!” She said. Allison glanced into the other stall and found water pulsating from that toilet too. This all hurt her bladder as she jiggled up and down, still massively desperate to go. She would burst any minute now!

She ran out of the women’s room and was about to go to the men’s room when a manager blocked the door. “Sorry later, the bathrooms are out of order. Something happened to our water lines and we have to investigate.” The man said, blocking her path. “But… bu….” Allison cried out, bouncing intensely with her hands in her crotch. “No buts miss.” The man said crossing his arms. Allison was forced to go back to her table. She tried to sander back but couldn’t help but hold herself. As she sat it seemed like Chelsea was wrapping up her talk. Impervious to this, Allison tried to whisper in Kurt’s ear as she sat. “M… Mr. Mallsburg can… can we go I must…” she tried so hard to say the words, but her hardworking instincts and professionalism almost didn’t let her say the fateful words “I have to pee”. It didn’t matter as Kurt was already waving her off, and waving to a server to get more water. It seemed like Kurt wanted to stay for a while.

Allison shook in her seat. She would burst any second. She couldn’t hold it any longer. She did everything she could to avoid this moment, but the dampness in her panties, combined with the pressure in her bladder told her she might not make it this time. The waiter Kurt motioned to came over with a water pitcher. Allison watched as the water sloshed back and forth in the pitcher. He poured it into Kurt’s glass. It cascaded down and crashed into his glass like a massive waterfall but on a small scale. All these images floated through Allison’s head as she squirmed like mad in her seat, her legs pushing left to right, her hand rubbing her crotch trying to hold on.

The waiter then turned to her and motioned to her glass, and pulled the pitcher towards it. Allison registered this at the last second and shook her head fiercely sputtering “I’m good”, placing a hand over her glass. The waiter, not really paying attention to the girl or her glass he was filling, rather placing his eyes on the insane cleavage of the woman in orange, poured water into what he thought was a glass. However, the water cascaded onto Allison’s hand.

Allison gasped as the cold water splashed onto her hand. She flung it up in a jerking reaction. The coldness sent chills down her spine and right to her bladder. It was too much for her. She couldn’t hold it any longer. She shot her hand down to her crotch as she burst. Piss jetted from her pussy, spraying all over her crotch and pants. Pee cascaded down her legs and down to the floor, covering her feet and heels as it splashed everywhere. She moaned as she released all the pent-up piss that had been stored inside her. Kurt gasped along with Sarah.

Chelsea smirked and said “When you gotta go, you gotta go, this is why you should donate to my cause, so girls like poor Sarah can pee in-“ she was cut off by a sudden grumbling. As Allison finished wetting herself completely she felt her bladder bubbling up. “Oh no! Oh god! Why me!” She gasped as she felt her bladder literally explode! Balls of fire and excitement leapt from the woman and she dissipated into thin air. “Holy crap!” Chelsea exclaimed. Many patrons of the restaurant were stunned. “She’s… gone!?” Kurt gasped in astonishment. There was nothing left but the puddle where she once pissed herself.

The restaurant went on, munching and carrying away. Chelsea tried to score a donation. News reports covered the incident and several others about women wetting themselves and exploding into thin air. It was an epidemic sweeping the nation. Allison seemed to be the first. Why now? Why was this happening? The world may never know the true reality behind “Bladder Explosions”.

(Authors note: The explosion isn't actually like... an explosion. It like light emits form her and she faints. Ill get into it in another story about what it actually means, but just understand, this isn't like blood and gore.

*002*2017-12-15 18:59

{{56 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was awesome

}}

Thank you so much ^_^ First time writing a story in a while. Glad you liked it!

$

$

