(13) Finally breaking

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-24 15:14

Draco was walking down the hallway of the second floor when he suddenly heard noises coming out of Snape's office.What was that?It wasn't just talking, it more sounded like moaning....'Ohhh....''Ahhh no no Severus....''Just stay here okay. Don't move...''Ahhh....stop...'Draco got closer to the door and then realized he definitely knew both of the voices. One was clearly Snape and the other sounded like...Draco couldn't help his curiousness and looked through the keyhole of Snape's office.

What he then saw made him literally nauseous. It was his father. With Snape. And they were laying on Snape's desk.... This was probably the grossest thing he had ever seen! How in the world...Draco just looked at it for a while with big eyes, even though he was grossed out by it he couldn't stop looking. He was concentrated on watching and he suddenly felt a tickle in his nose and he wished he didn't but he then sneezed pretty loud. Shit they obviously heard it and now he needed to get away before they found out he had been looking.

Somehow he wasn't quick enough and he heard them talking again.'No Severus I'm leaving now!'The door of the office opened and Mr. Malfoy came out of it. His hair kinda messy. He quickly fixed his tie and looked at his son very surprised. Had he seen what happened? No, probably not. He didn't have to worry about it. Only about getting to the closest bathroom...'Father?' Said Draco then, surprised and annoyed at the same time.'Draco. I think professor Snape just wants to talk to you. I have some more important things to do so I should go now.' Lucius said before walking away.

'Fine.' Draco answered annoyed and just at that moment Snape walked up to him.'Mr. Malfoy. You're just on time. I just talked about you with your father about...''About what?' Draco interrupted him.'Sure you two weren't just talking. I could hear the moaning from the end of the hallway. Did you two have fun?' He added sarcastically.Snape just looked at him and didn't say anything. He clearly wasn't expecting this.'What are you talking about, Draco! Me and your father were just talking about you. We were worried about you.'Draco started laughing.'Sure. Of course no one's worried about me. I wish you got to know my real father.' He said before turning around.Snape didn't get it.

'What are you talking about?' The blonde boy turned back at Snape. With tears in his eyes.'You don't even know him. You just don't understand.''I don't know what you're talking about Draco...''Stop being so stupid and leave me alone!' Malfoy yelled then.Snape grabbed him.'Listen Mr. Malfoy! I know you're going through a difficult period but that doesn't mean you have to talk to me like this. I would like to talk to you about what is going on between you and your father but only if you are polite.'Draco gave him a furious look.'You don't know anything. And I'm not going to tell you either. Why would you even care that my father hits me?'

He wanted to walk away again, cause he realized he actually told Snape something that he didn't want him to know.'Wait...he hits you...'Snape was seriously not expecting this. He saw the blonde boy walking away and ran after him.'Draco wait! You need to tell me. I'll try to help.'The blonde boy now turned around for the last time and yelled: 'Don't waste your time on helping me, just enjoy fucking my father some more!'He now ran down the hallway and then down the stairs very quickly. He had started crying and Snape just stood there not knowing what to do.He had really seen them....And was it true about Lucius? He just couldn't imagine him doing that he always seemed so nice and caring for his son...

Draco ran down the hallway, crying. He shouldn't have told Snape! He was just done with everything at the moment. He felt horrible and he hated his life. He started crying even harder and just ran outside even though it was cold, he didn't care. He wanted to be alone. Draco kept running until he kinda got out of breath. He stopped and just kept on walking. He didn't even care where he was going. Just somewhere were no one could find him. The only thing he could think of was the Forbidden Forest. He knew he wasn't allowed to go there but honestly everything already went wrong so it couldn't get worse right?Everyone was so scared of that forest but probably it was just a normal forest, nothing wrong with it. He wasn't stupid! And he wasn't scared either.Now more mad than sad he started walking to the forest.At least they would leave him alone there...That's what he thought...

Draco had been walking around in the forest for a while and he managed to calm down. He was actually really getting cold now and he wanted to go back. The only problem was that it had gotten really dark and he couldn't really remember the way out....Everything looked the same and it seemed like he was only going further into the forest...Draco had no idea for how long he had been walking but it was late and even though he didn't want to admit it he was cold. And tired. And worst of all: he needed to pee.Just not now, okay!The pressure in his bladder caused him to get irritated again.He just had to ignore it. It couldn't be that hard to find the way back...Draco got out his wand and lit it, at least now he could see where he was walking. He tried to comfort himself by thinking he knew the way back. But actually he had no idea in which direction he was walking...Snape finally found Lucius in the hallway and walked up to him.'Lucius, we need to talk.'

'Again? Didn't I tell you I have other things to do?'Snape gave him an annoyed look.'Like what? You don't have a wife anymore so why would you have to go home early?'Lucius just looked at him and didn't say anything.'Fine. What do you wanted to talk about?''Draco.' Snape answered shortly.'About this evening? Don't worry about it, Severus. He can't have seen what happened. Besides, where is he even?'

'That's why I came.' Snape answered annoyed.'He was all upset when I talked to him and he ran away.

I don't know where he is but I'm concerned he could do stupid things...'Lucius gave him a confused look, annoyed at the same time. Severus was just exaggerating.'What are you talking about? It's not the first time he runs away. Think that's his way of dealing with not wanting to hear the truth.' Lucius answered calm.Snape didn't want to believe him.'I don't know, Lucius.'Mr. Malfoy looked Snape in the eyes and smiled. He knew he could win Snape like this.'Believe me, Severus. I know him well enough. He'll just be out for a walk but he'll come back soon. I promise.'Snape sighed and looked at him.'If you say so...'

Draco was slowly starting to panic.He now realized he really didn't know the way back and he was just walking around in circles, which was pretty ridiculous.He was getting mad at himself for going into the forest. Anyways, he had got in there himself so he also had to get out himself.The pressure in his bladder was getting worse. Oh god he really had to go...Draco squirmed a little trying to relieve some of the pressure but it didn't really work. The cold wasn't making him feel better.

Suddenly he thought about Harry. He hadn't seen him anymore since the incident in Snape's office. Maybe Harry didn't want to talk to him? He had reacted mad again even though he didn't want to. Somehow he was really bad at expressing his feelings. He found it hard to open up to someone.Thinking about him made him miss Harry and it only made him more sad.Draco was getting really tired from walking around all the time and he decided just to sit down against a tree. He did and the ground was cold which caused his bladder to cramp a bit. Draco bit his lip and squeezed his legs together.

He had to go... He looked down at his shoes. He was still holding his wand, it was the only light he had. Maybe he had to pee behind a tree. He probably was all alone there... He didn't really feel like doing it though. Somehow he thought it was gross. His father never let him pee outside even when he was a kid. Draco had gotten used to it so it felt kinda weird to just go now. But had to go really bad...How long would it take till he found the way back?Thinking about it made him very nervous...

Snape was still sitting in his office. It was now past midnight and he usually went to bed earlier but he couldn't stop thinking about Draco Malfoy. Somehow he felt bad for the boy. He had tried to talk to him but it clearly hadn't been successful. What worried him the most was the way Lucius reacted. He didn't think it was such a big deal that Draco ran away. He said it used to happen quite often and he totally didn't worry about it. But what if this time it wasn't like the others and Draco was going to do stupid things? Snape couldn't stop thinking about it. He sighed and got up. He was gonna go and visit Filch, he had the Marauders Map. That would probably help him to get an idea of where Draco hung out...

The blonde boy somehow managed to fall asleep, sitting on the cold ground all alone in the Forbidden Forest full of dangerous creatures he didn't know about...He suddenly woke up when he heard a noise. Draco opened his eyes and it took a while before they adjusted to the dark. He then realized he still was holding his wand and said: 'Lumos!' which caused the wand to light up.Draco looked around panicky, but everything still looked the same. He was still alone. At least that's what it looked like...The pressure in his bladder became almost unbearable right now. He had to go so bad, he wanted to get up but he didn't know how. It felt like if he would move he would start peeing.Draco closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He managed to get up but his caused his bladder to cramp badly and he crossed his legs really tight. Ohh he couldn't hold it...

He felt miserable again. He wished he never got into this stupid forest! He clearly didn't know the way out and he honesty didn't know what to do anymore.His painfully full bladder only made everything worse.Another wave of desperation hit him. Draco couldn't take it anymore. He was going to pee behind a tree. He didn't have any other choice. It was that or wetting himself... Even though he felt horrible he was still too proud to just give in.With small steps Draco walked a little further to a big tree. He was now shaking and he turned around at least three times to make sure no one was watching him.'Come on, Draco. You can do this.' He whispered to himself.He unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants.

He suddenly heard a noise. It sounded like footsteps... It couldn't be...Right?Scared Draco turned around but no one was there.He sighed. He was glad he was alone here, if any of the students would see him like this they'd probably make fun of him for being so scared.He laughed at himself and turned back around, focusing on his business.He had to pee so badly but now he was standing there, ready to let go he just couldn't. It didn't feel right. He shouldn't be doing this...If his father heard about this!'Just don't think about that okay! Just go now.' Draco tried to tell himself.

He tried to relax and he managed to start peeing, only a small flow. He was just way too nervous. When he finally started peeing more forcefully he heard a noise again. Louder this time. It were clearly footsteps. Draco froze. He quickly zipped up his trousers again and turned around. There was a dog standing right in front of him. A big black dog, with yellow eyes staring at him.Draco wanted to run away but he couldn't. He felt some warm pee run down his left leg and got so mad at himself. He blinked and suddenly the dog was gone. Right in front of him stood now a person. A man...

