The omorashi dungeon; An OC fantasy adventure

Author: Themaster258

*000*2020-11-24 15:42

The omorashi dungeon

Authors notes: I have threatened the discord that I would write a story based on my strange Milovana challenge that ended up being half RPG and half omo challenge. This one: https://milovana.com/webteases/showtease.php?id=47066

I don't plan on sex scenes, for now. And considering the protagonist there is a lot of male omo, but there will also be female omo. I just haven't decided on how it will play out. Other than that, enjoy and feedback is appreciated.

Chapter 1: A damp welcome

Deep within the forest west of Falia rests a dungeon that does not rely on sword and sorcery to test one's strength. Adventurers famously leave with a pair of wet pants and a shattered ego. Nobody has ever reached the very bottom and faced the ruler himself.

Tomo arrived in the misty early morning hours. His gaze went up to the heavy wooden gates set into the side of a small cliff and checked his map. The entrance was not very obvious, this could be any old dungeon, but the map showed a caricature of a person desperate to step out into the bushes.

Thinking about stepping out. He took a cautious look down the gravel road and started to unbutton his cloth pants. This morning's tea weighed on his bladder and entering the omorashi dungeon with a half-filled bladder sounded like an accident waiting to happen.

Tomo sighed in relief and watched the thin clouds of mist curl up from the stream of golden morning urine splattering against the leaves of a bush. There was nothing quite like relieving yourself outside in the crispy fresh air. Adventuring gave ample opportunities to do so. He gave the customary shake, stuffed everything back where it belonged and stepped up to the entrance. Here goes nothing.

The heavy doors moved only with considerable effort. A wave of stale cave air greeted him as he stepped inside the half-opened door. The slim beam of light from the entrance revealed very little. The walls were of smooth stone as was the floor. A wooden door waited to be opened at the end. Tomo followed the thin illuminated path inside.

“Welcome!” a disembodied voice barked from all directions at once.

“Who’s there?” Tomo’s gaze flicked along the walls and ceiling, hoping that the voice could understand him.

“None other than me, your friendly guide and helper, challenger.” Torches flickered to life and basked the corridor in a warm orange. “I will offer you one final chance to turn around. This is no ordinary dungeon.”

“I am well aware of what will happen to me. I came all this way out here to find this,” Tomo answered to the room in general.

“Great, great. Step through the door and we will see if you have a worthy bladder.”

Tomo followed as instructed and found himself in a very similar room. A small round flask of what appeared to be water hovered in the middle.

“Please drink the water provided so I can calibrate the dungeon,” the voice said.

“Calibrate?”

“People react very differently and I am an advocate for fair games.”

Tomo grabbed the flask and gave it a short swish.If the dungeon wanted to harm him, there were easier methods and this was the omorashi dungeon. He downed the cool water in one go.

The last drop made it down into his stomach and a sharp sting shot up his chest. He doubled over in pain. The sharp sting cut like a blade through his stomach and down into his abdomen. His bladder started to tingle and twitch. “What did you do to me!” he hissed.

Tomo reached down to feel his bladder swell like a waterskin and clasped down on his muscles. Drops of urine forced themselves up into the shaft of his penis, tickling and teasing as they made their way forwards. He was losing control. His floodgates gave out and he dropped to the floor.

Nothing happened. The pressure in his bladder remained constant even after his muscles relaxed. It felt wrong. A few seconds later the pressure diminished and the liquid retreated back into his body.

“I am sorry for the pain and confusion,” the voice said calmly.

Tomo drew a deep breath and got back up on shaky legs. “You could’ve warned me.” He felt around his lower abdomen and found his bladder as empty as it was when he had entered.

“I think you are very promising. I hope you can make it past the welcome unlike so many others.”

Tomo shook the confusion out of his head and headed through the next door.

He stood in a small circular room lit by torches mounted on the walls. The floor was paved with smooth white stones strangely reminiscent of a bathroom. A golden circle drawn in the middle caught his attention.

Golden letters formed within as he stepped closer. “Prepare to face they who endure.”

“They who endure?” Tomo repeated what he read as the circle dissolved into tiny golden droplets that vanished into the floor. A deep black mist sprayed out of the cracks between the stones and he jumped back. A trap!

He spun around, but the door had vanished. The black mist started to fill out the room, reaching up to his knees. He held his breath.

The mist flashed red for a split second and rushed towards the middle, forming into a pillar of sheer black. Like a sculpture would form marble, the form of a figure became clearer as the pillar undulated rhythmically. A creature emerged with a slender, feminine frame. It’s skin was as black as tar and a slim tail twitched behind their back. Two glowing red eyes fixated Tomo. Their clothes matched his exactly.

“I have awoken,” it spoke with a voice as dark as night and deep as the ocean.

“You must be the new challenger,” it hissed.

The creature must be a demon. Tomo clenched his fists. Why would a demon be here? Was it part of the dungeon?

The demon’s expression turned to a smirk as it unbuttoned their pants to reveal a rather sizable penis as black as its skin. It sighed and a strong stream of deep golden liquid shot out and splattered onto the floor between them.

It stared at Tomo. “Well? Are we doing this or not?” it asked.

“I,” Tomo watched the scene with a mixture of confusion and amusement. Demons were known to rip people apart, this one was strange and seeing what it did, definitely part of this dungeon.

“We don’t do blood contracts here. You must know who’s dungeon you walked into, right?”

Tomo started to understand. He unbuttoned his pants and aimed at the frothing puddle between them. He concentrated on letting go, but he was not a fan of being keenly watched while he did so.

After a few seconds of intense concentration he managed a thin stream that merged with the puddle.

“The contract is made. Let us begin.” The demon snapped their fingers and the puddle vanished.

“The rules of this dungeon are simple. You wet yourself in a challenge against someone, you lose. The challenges are up to us to decide.” With those words the demon summoned two flasks of water and handed Tomo one of them.

He emptied the flask with vigour as did the demon. A cool sensation washed through his body and straight down into his bladder.

“Curious isn’t it? Water goes right through me and since we are fighting the same happens to you.” The demon raised their tunic and pointed at the very soft outline of their bladder already visible on their slim body.

“Your turn,” they gestured. If the goal was to make them wet themselves before he did, this seemed rather easy. He reached down and pressed on his bladder. The demon mirrored his movement and grinned.

“My capacity is rather large, this tiny bulge is nothing. But now, watch this.” The demon raised their hand and snapped once more.

A table set with two cups and a kettle appeared. “What do you take? Coffee, tea? I can’t start my day without tea.”

Tomo stood silent. If a demon offered tea or coffee they had other intentions, usually, but in this dungeon the other intention mabe be forcing more liquid down into his bladder. “I’ll take tea too in that case.”

The demon gestured to sit down on the floor. “So, first time here am I right? You look a tad confused.” They poured two cups of tea.

Tomo took a sip. It tasted pretty bland. “I am not sure what to make of this place yet. I’ve heard the stories.”

“Oh, it is pretty fun.” The demon’s grin rose up to their ears. “I do like to mess with the new challengers.”

A snap echoed through the room and when Tomo opened his eyes he found himself sat on a wooden chair in a busy teahouse. The demon sat opposite him.

A twinge in his bladder suggested the tea did its work far too quickly.

Tomo took in his surroundings. Every seat in the teahouse was taken and the atmosphere quite lively. A heavy set man in an apron approached their table.

“Can I take your order? Last order before the show.” Show?

“We’ll take a large pot of your herbal mix please,” the demon answered. The man nodded and went about his business.

“What just happened?” Tomo asked and was answered with a smirk.

“We are in a teahouse in the capital, a few minutes before they start their show. Getting up to use the bathroom during the show would be rather rude, wouldn’t it?”

The demon raised their tunic again to give Tomo a peek at their prominent bladder outline. “I reckon you aren’t doing much better. This tea works wonders.”

The demon was right. His urge had doubled in the last minutes. “I can’t just make you drink can I?”

The demon laughed, “You could, but it would hit you too. These are the rules of the dungeon, we fight on equal grounds unless we freely decide otherwise.”

Tomo had an idea. “You, as an expert omorashi demon, would surely be able to win even if you drank a cup more than me, am I right?”

They cocked their head. “Is that a bet? I like a good bet. But should you lose even with me handicapped, you will submit to a punishment I decide.”

Tomo considered the offer. Surely the demon could not keep up with a cup of this tea more than him. “Deal.”

The demon emptied another cup so fast that steam rose from their mouth. A minute later they rearranged their legs, squeezing them together on the chair. Tomo would’ve counted that as a win for him, hadn’t he been bouncing with his for the last thirty seconds. Desperation worked quick and fast in the dungeon, what usually took hours took mere minutes.

“It is my turn again,” the demon said, but was interrupted by the lights turning off.

Tomo turned to the small stage at the back and watched as an elf and a dwarf appeared on stage. Conversations all around them turned quiet.

The demon started to whisper. “Squirming will get their attention. We don’t want that, do we? So we sit still.”

Tomo remembered many nights in taverns and inns that went similar, but he had never suffered from a bladder filling so rapidly. He tried to suppress the bouncing and squirming, but the lake inside him started to press down more and more on his muscles. The sitting position applied even more pressure and he tried to lean back as far as he could.

“Not much of a desperate sitter are you?” the demon quipped. They were slim and large, sitting did not affect their bladder as much. Still they sat with crossed legs and a twitching tail. They tried to hide it but they weren’t doing much better.

Painful minutes passed. The actors performed what could count as awful comedy. They turned to the audience. “For the next act we need two volunteers.”

Tomo’s hand shot upwards. “Here, us. It is my turn again right?” If the demon did better sitting, he would force them to stand.

The demon let out a pained hiss as they stood up and followed the two actors to the stage. Tomo felt the contents of his bladder shifting, pressing down on his muscles but standing relieved the additional pressure.

All eyes in the teahouse were focussed on them struggling to not show their desperation. The actors handed both of them a large glass of water. Tomo’s hand closed around the wet glass and it sent a shiver down his spine.

“I think you had a terrible idea,” the demon whispered and smirked.

“In the next town we met two travellers,” the dwarf motioned, “they lingered at the edge of town, drinking.”

Tomo hesitated to take a sip from his glass but the elf urged them on to do so. The water travelled south and added to the volume in his bladder immediately. If he knew that this would happen he wouldn’t have volunteered. He pressed his free hand against his crotch as sneakily as he could.

The demon held themselves with their tail coiled around their waist. The actors didn’t seem to care about their predicament and continued with their sketch that forced them to take a sip every few sentences.

Tomo danced from one foot to another, his bladder rockhard in his abdomen. He wouldn’t make it much longer. Please be done with us.

Fate was on his side. “Thank you for your help,” the elf said and motioned for them to return to their seats. They both nodded hastily and took careful steps down the stage. The demon let out a little whine as they took the first step down. Pressing their hands and tail into their crotch they shambled back to their seat, a small wet spot clearly visible.

I can do this. Tomo was ahead, if only by drops. He eyed the hard wooden stool and hesitantly lowered himself. His bladder compressed and a tiny spurt found its way into his pants. No,no,no. More spurts followed and the patch grew larger. He drew a short breath and focused, forcing his muscles to close once again.

“I haven’t been so close to losing in ages,” the demon murmured, “I love it.” They grabbed their empty tea cup and held it with a shaking arm. “I have an idea for a challenge. We fill our cups. If anybody notices or it overflows you lose.”

The demon and Tomo both grabbed the cups and lowered them under the table. He took a cautious look around for watchful eyes. All customers focussed on each other or the play.

He tried to look nonchalant as he stared straight ahead towards the stage while unbuttoning his pants below the table. His heart pounded, he had never done anything like this. And in public. His rock hard bladder begging for relief vanished from the top concern in his head to second. What if anybody saw? He didn’t dare look below the table as he leaned slightly forward, pulled his penis out of his pants and aimed downward.

A first spurt drummed against the porcelain involuntarily when his sensitive tip touched the cold material. He released his muscles ever so slightly. What followed was a short gush, pinched off after only a second. He knew the cup wouldn’t hold more. Once again he looked around and nobody seemed to have taken notice of his naughty deed.

He placed the cup back on the table. It was filled a little more than halfway. “Now it is your turn,” Tomo said and watched the demon squirm.

They followed a different tactic, leaning back and letting their sizable appendage hang into the cup. From afar it might look like somebody relaxing in their chair and Tomo guessed this wasn’t their first time doing this.

The demon held everything in place for several long seconds, until finally Tomo could make out the tiny hiss. It grew louder, the demon cramped, it grew even louder and a small stream poured over the rim of the cup and splattered down onto the floor. “No!” they yelled out and the teahouse stopped. All eyes turned towards their table.

“I, I lost,” the demon whined and giggled. The tea cup dropped and shattered on the floor. A torrential stream of urine erupted from their crotch, arced slightly and hit the cloth of their pants. The light brown fabric turned dark. “Damn,” they moaned in relief, raised their arms behind their head and committed fully to the relaxed position whilst drenching their pants and floor.

“Excuse me!” somebody yelled. The teahouse was in uproar. Tomo desperately clenched his legs. The scene in front of him was too tempting for his bladder. “Am I allowed to go to the bathroom now?!”

The demon laughed and sunk deeper into the chair, their stream now pattering on the wooden floor. “They don’t have a bathroom, just let it goooo. You are allowed to, now that you have won.”

Tomo would’ve protested but his bladder made the decision for him, or the dungeon did. His lower abdomen went numb and what followed was the sensation of warmth spreading around his crotch.

He could’ve fought it and wrangled back control, but he gave into the blissful relief. His upper body dropped onto the table and his head rested on the side, watching the chaos in the teahouse unfold. People shouted, but he barely understood the words. His mind was somewhere far away while his body sat at a table in a fancy teahouse urinating at full force into his pants.

He could only imagine what the scene might look like for the other guests. A human and demon dressed in matching clothes. One of them looking like they had melted into the chair with a steady stream of urine flying from their open pants. The other lying on the table with a thousand yard stare and urine streaming down the leg of their pants.

It was only when the hissing and dripping stopped that he realized what he did. A heavy blush crawled up to his face. He’d be thrown out and go to prison. Panic spread through his head.

There was a snap and he found himself back in the circular room with a small table and kettle.

“Illusions,” the demon huffed. “I can not teleport people.”

They propped themselves up, eyeing their drenched clothes.

“I have to congratulate you and welcome you to the dungeon. You won’t believe how many challengers wet themselves before the play even starts.”

The demon snapped their fingers and Tomo suddenly sat in dry clothes. Theirs had vanished and Tomo found himself staring.

“Finally some freedom, clothes are so restricting.” The demon stretched and massaged their lower abdomen. “It has been so long that I lost.” They turned towards the middle of the room and began a strange motion with their hands.

“It reminds me of the match I had with our lord. I have played with every inhabitant here, but he is truly something else. Not only did he best me, he bested the entire teahouse at once.” The demon snapped their fingers.

A small circular portion of the floor raised and revealed a staircase in the middle of the room. “Before you can face him, there are others. Visit me again if you find the time.” The demon gave him a wink and blew a kiss before they vanished into a thin black mist.

Tomo patted down on his bladder. It did not hurt, nor did it feel full anymore. It was as though he had been reset.

“I see that they were impressed,” the disembodied voice spoke once again. “It’s been years since somebody last passed the demon. I look forward to meeting you.”

*001*2020-12-09 15:50

So would anybody be actually interested in a continuation?

*005*2021-01-23 12:44

Oh no, peer pressure to continue. I will if I find the time.

