Rapunzel's First Sleepover

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2024-11-04 02:16

No one else is going to do one so I thought I would. Fanart of her wetting this outfit would be very much appreciated. And sorry if it's so short, my writing isn't as good as it was, not that it was ever good to begin with.

Rapunzel's First Sleepover

One day the Disney Princesses were at their first sleepover. Rapunzel was wearing her Ralph Breaks the Internet outfit, consisting of a purple tank top, pink sweater, and purple pants with yellow suns on them.

Of course, her hair was often braided so it wasn't getting in the way of everything.

The princesses had fun doing slumber party activities like pillow fights, truth or dare, and ghost stories, before they climbed into their sleeping bags and fell asleep.

Rapunzel dreamed that she was swimming through a river while it was pouring rain. She always found dreams like this to be fun. Eventually she went over a waterfall and into a pool of water, with waterfalls splashing down into the river. She swam to the edge, climbed out, and sat in a puddle, enjoying the rain falling on her. She noticed that she was wearing the outfit she had fallen asleep in. Then she saw the ruffians from the bar splashing about in the puddles.

All this running water and splashing made her have to go to the bathroom. Well, she was already soaking wet. So she peed, sighing of relief. Somehow, her nether regions seemed wetter than the rest of her now, and a warmth was noticeable. Once she finished peeing, she sat in the puddle for a bit before diving back into the water and swimming some more.

Eventually, she woke up. She was a bit disappointed that this had been a dream, and made a mental note to go for a nice swim in this outfit later, just to see what getting it wet would be like compared to her dresses. (If you've seen Tangled: The Series, you'll remember she had fun jumping into the mud in the Season 2 premiere)

However... she quickly realized that her pants were already wet. So was the inside of her sleeping bag, and a pee smell was noticeable. She had peed in her sleep. She giggled a bit, finding this funny.

Soon the other princesses woke up.

"Good morning, Rapunzel," said Tiana.

Jasmine sniffed. "What's that smell?"

"I wet the bed," said Rapunzel.

"Oh my," said Snow White. "Are you all right?"

"I'm fine," Rapunzel said cheerfully. "I don't mind. I'm used to it, and I think it's kind of funny."

"Good," said Aurora. Then the princesses giggled. Rapunzel peed herself! And she wasn't embarrassed about it. In fact, she was laughing with them.

"That happens to me sometimes when I dream about water," said Ariel. "Even though I first became human a few years ago. Were you dreaming about water or was it a nightmare?"

"It usually happens when I dream about water," said Rapunzel. "I love the water dreams so much I get so immersed in them, and soon I have to go to the bathroom and since I'm already wet I go right there, and eventually I wake up wet."

"It's good to know you're all right with it," said Belle.

"I still have to pee," said Rapunzel. "You don't mind if I finish right here, do you?"

"Let it go," said Elsa with a wink.

"In other words, pee away," said Anna.

"And don't worry if your sleeping bag leaks," said Cinderella. "I can clean it up."

Rapunzel smiled and peed, sighing of relief. The hissing noise was heard and she giggled, she always enjoyed hearing it whenever she'd finish emptying her bladder after a wet night.

"How about we give you a bath?" said Ariel.

"That would be fun," said Rapunzel. She climbed out of her sleeping bag, so that everyone got a view of her wet pants. They entered the bathroom, and Ariel filled the tub with warm, soapy water. Rapunzel climbed into the tub, still in her wet outfit, and the princesses washed her all over with soap. Her hair stayed braided as it was easier to wash with shampoo given its length. Once Rapunzel's top half was clean, she positioned her behind in the air. Tiana poured a large dollop of soap onto Rapunzel's rear end and started washing with both hands, coating her pants in suds.

Eventually, Rapunzel was clean, and dried herself off with a towel so she was no longer dripping.

*002*2024-11-04 19:15

{{5 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

Rapunzel is my favorite Disney princess, and imagining her as a happy bedwetter is delightful 😍 honestly the bath scene is a bit weird, because who bathes in their clothes? But it was still a good story. I like imagining that they were all super supportive friends.

}}

It's part of my wam interest. And combined with soap/washing puts it into fetish territory for me like omo. Besides, there's enough hints that she finds it fun getting wet and messy, like when she jumps into that mud for fun in the S2 premiere.

