Rena's story: Kari

Author: thewolfinman

*000*2010-12-24 18:32

This all started when I was in the final exam for Pre calc last year. I was sitting next to a pretty girl named Kari. Kari stood at about 6’2” and had the perkiest damn breasts. They were only B cups, but they were Beautiful. Her hips and butt were just a little bigger than they should have been, but it was kind of cute. She was a fox as well. Her hair, a light brunette was always kept it in a pony tail, save for a few strands of her bangs that always hung at the sides of her face. At the time she was wearing some khaki cargo pants and a white shirt.

She had come into class a few minutes late making excuses to the teacher about some seriously bad traffic. As soon as she had sat down she had her legs crossed. I didn’t know at the time why, but she had immediately caught my attention. This was the kind of class that you need the entire period to do your work, no matter how good you were, just because of the sheer length and complexity of the problems. The final was four hours long and you could leave when you finished, but it was school policy not to let a student return to the test once they had left the classroom.

Kari had dominated my attention since she walked in the room. Even as she walked I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. I sensed something. A delicious tension. The growing anxiety. The beginnings of panic. The scent of sweat. Everything about her at that moment was attractive to me. I had just begun to realize a few months prior that I was Bi, but this was intense. I was somehow more attracted to her due to her predicament. I had entirely stopped working at this point. All I could do was stare at her. Her body posture, the way she kept shifting in her seat, the look of pressure on her face, how she crossed and un crosssed her legs. The attraction was overwhelming. I could feel myself start to get wet.

By the half way point I had attempted to start working again. I could barely think. I was worried for her, yet I wanted to see what would happen. By then her movements had gotten more shallow and came at quicker intervals. Her breathing came in almost gasps. As she rocked her hips back and forth you could almost hear a whimper come from her lips. Her face held a look of anxiety and her left hand had made its way to her lap. When she thought no one was looking she would give her crotch a squeeze, trying to relieve the pressure. A few minutes later she started to shiver a little. Her body would just freeze up every minute or so. It would go completely tense for a moment and Her face would clench. Her eyes would close and her teeth would clench. Her tail and ears would bristle when this happened. It seemed as though her body was saying enough. By now her tail was underneath her butt, pressing on her crotch. Her hand was doing the same. Some how, between spasms, she had continued working.

Once again I found myself transfixed. I gave up on finishing the entire thing. I was to distracted. I watched her clench then sigh for a few more minutes before it happened. She clenched, gasped, then clenched harder. Her eyes opened and I smelled it. It was feint, but it was there. She had just peed her panties. It was only a little, but I nearly came at the smell. My hand had also made its way to my crotch, but for a different reason than Kari’s. I was wearing some loose black cargo pants. Thin material. Easy to feel through. I began lightly, discreetly tracing my clit through the fabric. It felt AMAZING. It had never felt this good before. At this point I also felt the urge, though not nearly as bad as her. I was at like a 7 out of 10. Enough to be uncomfortable and want to go, but not an emergency. Even this started to feel erotic and pleasurable.

Kari looked around, hand in her crotch and tail hugging her ass. When she felt as though no one was looking she removed her hand briefly to inspect the damage. I caught a glimpse. Her crotch where the fabric touched her vulva was wet. It wasn’t a patch more than the size of a childs fist, but it was there. Again the scent hit me and I began to stroke harder. Nothing made sense to me at this point. Why was I so turned on by this?

She continued working for a few more minutes, then started clenching again. Her spurt had released some of the pressure, but it quickly returned. She began to shiver more violently now. She began to emit a slight whimper, only enough for me to hear. I smiled and began to rub faster. She clenched again and I held my breath. I nearly came. Sitting in my pre calc final, I nearly came. The thought of that only served to turn me on more. I began to pant lightly, the fabric where I rubbed had long since become wet from my own vulva.

My attention returned to Kari from my own crotch. She visibly spasmed, gasped, clenched as hard as she could, then you could hear it. A sharp hiss. Just for a second. Then the smell. I looked down to her crotch and saw a beautiful glimmering starburst of her pent up urine. The look on her face was a mixture of shock, relief and embarrassment. I could feel myself beginning to climax. Even If I had stopped rubbing, there was nothing I could do. I panted heavily, but next to Kari no one noticed. She clenched again, this time the hiss lasted two seconds. Now you could see it dripping from her seat.

Just a little at first, then a small stream as both Karis mind and her body gave in. I have never cum so hard in my life. I actually Thought I had pissed myself after words my panties were so wet. As long as she peed, I came. It seemed to last forever during which the entire class stared at her. Her head was in her hands and her elbows rested on the desk. When she was done, she got up and walked out. On the way you could see that she was crying. Her Pants now a beautiful shade of yellow and stained beyond repair. In her seat now rested a puddle and under her desk a lake.

I rested a few minutes, then gathered my things and walked out, careful to dip the tip of my tail in her puddle.

My name is Rena. I am an arctic fox, and this is the story of my obsession with omorashi, watersports and female desperation.

Yes I wrote this, no I am not Rena. Yes I am a Guy...Please dont fap to me thinking its Rena...Rena is fictional...Kari is...less so

*003*2010-12-30 03:08

{{: 

Yea that was really out of nowhere but hey! i lol'd.

Also good story :)

}}

Lol, ok so I suppose that would be a little outta the blue on this site (I posted it elsewhere also)

Itried a new way of writing, in that the entire series will be in a first person almost autobigraphical style. The more stories I write in the series, the more you learn about the world it is set in...Its Basically the same, only if everyone had ears and a tail.

They hav ears and a tail BEACUSE I SAID SO!!!!! lol...Also tails are cute...

