(5) Hogsmeade

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-06-06 11:35

Harry had felt bad the rest of the evening and he didn't sleep well. He was still tired when he went to breakfast and he wasn't in a good mood.

He sat next to Hermione who was already eating some toast.

'Good morning.' Harry said softly.

'Oh hey good morning, Harry.' Hermione answered.

She clearly hadn't talked to Ron about what happened.

Harry just drank some water and sat there staring at the table.

'Aren't you going to eat?' Hermione asked suddenly.

Harry nodded his head.

'I'm not hungry.'

'Are you feeling sick?'

He didn't get the chance to answer cause Ron walked up to the table and sat right in front of him, giving him an angry look.

'Hi, Ron.' Said Hermione, not knowing what was going on between the two boys.

'Hermione.' Answered Ron short.

The girl noticed he didn't say anything to Harry and now started to realize that something was wrong.

'Are you guys alright?' She asked.

Ron didn't answer and put a large piece of toast in his mouth. The argument didn't seem to bother him.

Hermione looked at Harry. Before he could say anything Ron started talking.

'You still need to explain me why Malfoy was in our bathroom yesterday.' He said while giving Harry an angry look.

Harry didn't expect this.

'I thought you didn't want my explanation.' He answered.

Hermione looked at both of them confused.

'What happened?' She asked.

Harry wanted to say something but Ron didn't let him.

'Yesterday when me and Neville came back from class we found Harry and Malfoy kissing in the bathroom, almost naked.' Ron almost yelled, his mouth full of toast.

Hermione turned her eyes.

'Ronald, behave yourself.' She pointed at the toast.

'Whatever...did you hear what I just said?'

Hermione nodded her head and looked at Harry.

'Is that true, Harry?'

'No, we weren't kissing. And we weren't naked either.'

'I said ALMOST naked!' Ron interrupted him.

Harry didn't want to have this argument early in the morning. He already felt bad enough. And he hadn't seen Draco today, he was worried he would be mad for what happened yesterday.

'I wonder, what was that stupid Malfoy doing in OUR bathroom?' Ron continued being annoying.

Hermione wanted to say something but Harry was first.

'Malfoy isn't stupid!' He yelled while getting up. Ron stared at him with big eyes.

'Where are you going?' Hermione asked worried, she noticed that Ron had hurt him by saying that.

Harry felt like he was going to cry and he didn't want that to happen in front of Ron.

'I need to use the bathroom.' He said before walking away.

'But...Harry you need to eat something!' Hermione said, caring as she usually was.

'Don't you see that he's running away from the problem?' Ron said annoyed.

Hermione looked at him.

'Maybe it's just better to leave him alone now...'

Harry couldn't help it but tears were running down his face as he ran down the hallway to the closest boys bathroom.

Ron used to be his friend. Why did he act like this?

Harry was mad, sad at the same time. He got into the bathroom and started crying harder, without shame when he suddenly heard a toilet being flushed.

Fuck there was someone in there...

Harry hurried and wiped away his tears but he couldn't hide he had been crying, his face was all red.

A bathroom stall opened and to his surprise Draco came out of it.

'Harry?...'

The blonde boy walked up to him.

'Are you okay?' He asked worried.

Harry shook his head.

'No...'

'Why what happened?'

Malfoy came closer to him and couldn't help but holding Harry.

It made Harry feel better.

'It's Ron.' He said then.

'That stupid Weasel.'

Harry didn't react. Usually he used to get mad when Malfoy called Ron this. But now he didn't. He felt like he deserved it.

'He already told Hermione...' Harry continued.

Draco wanted to say: 'that Mudblood.' But he shut his mouth since he knew Harry wouldn't like this.

'What did she say?' He asked instead.

'Nothing but...I don't want everyone to find out.' Harry answered.

Draco looked at him and hugged him even tighter.

'Same...we'll need to find a way to hide this...I'm sure we will.' He said while putting his hand on Harry's shoulder.

'I hope so...' Harry answered sad.

It was silent for a while.

Draco stopped hugging Harry and looked at him.

'By the way are you coming to Hogsmeade this afternoon?'

Harry had totally forgot about that. Now he finally had the permission from Sirius, so he didn't have to use his invisibility cloak anymore to sneak into Hogsmeade.

He looked at Draco and forced a smile.

'Yes.'

As planned the Hogwarts students were going to Hogsmeade in the afternoon. Usually Harry would be with Ron and Hermione but since Ron was acting like this he just stayed away from him. He was with Draco instead. And he enjoyed it.

It was nice not having class this afternoon. When they were at Hogsmeade they were usually free to do whatever they wanted. He always used to go to The Three Broomsticks with Ron and Hermione. Maybe he could go with Draco...

As the afternoon passed it had been snowing and it was pretty cold now. Harry and Draco had been walking in the forest for quite a while.

Even though Harry was still sad about what happened this morning he felt better, being with Draco.

Harry's legs started to hurt from the walking and he decided that it would be a good idea to sit down to rest. Luckily there was a tree stump and Harry could sit on it. Malfoy sat next to him.

'Are you alright?' He asked looking at him.

'Yeah...just a little tired...' Harry answered.

Draco smiled at him and came a little closer.

'It's cold...'

'I know right.' Harry answered, smiling a little.

It was silent for a while and Harry suddenly felt some pressure on his bladder. He needed to pee...

Not the right moment.

Harry didn't pay attention to it. He was just thinking about him and Malfoy.

'Are you a couple now?' Neville had asked yesterday.

To be honest, he didn't know the answer. He liked Draco...and Draco liked him...but that didn't mean they were a couple, right?

Harry looked at the blonde boy and noticed he was squirming a bit.

'Is there something wrong?' He asked.

Draco looked at him. He clearly wasn't expecting this question.

Was it so visible then?...

'No...nothing.' He answered forcing a smile.

The truth was: he really needed to pee. The cold wasn't making him feel any better. But he wasn't going to tell Harry. He had embarrassed himself enough yesterday by wetting himself in front of Potter. He hoped they would go back to Hogwarts soon...

Suddenly Harry got up.

'What are you doing?' Draco asked.

Harry looked at him shy.

'I need to pee...' He said quietly. Draco noticed Harry was blushing.

'Do you know if there's a bathroom somewhere?' Malfoy asked. Hoping he would so he could maybe use it too.

Harry nodded his head.

'I don't think so...' He answered while shifting from his one leg to his other.

'I'll just go behind a tree...'

'Okay...I'll wait here.'

Draco watched as Harry walked a little further into the forest.

This wasn't fair. Potter was just going to pee behind a tree and he had to hold it. He wasn't doing this. It was freaking gross and by the way: he was pee shy. He couldn't do it....

Draco started squirming trying to relieve some of the pressure on his bladder.

When Harry finished peeing he zipped up his pants again and walked back to Malfoy, noticing that he wasn't sitting on the tree stump anymore. He just stood there, squirming. Harry knew he needed to pee as well. He just didn't want to admit it...

Harry walked back as casual as possible.

Draco turned around.

'Oh you're back.' He said kinda bored. He was more thinking about his need to pee.

'Yes.' Harry answered. 'I feel better now. I had to go pretty bad.'

Gosh Potter, shut up!

Draco tried to not show how desperate he was by now. It was going to be fine. Harry didn't need to know about this. He could hold it.

At least...that's what he tried to tell himself.

Because it was cold and Harry was kinda tired of walking around the whole time he decided to go to The Three Broomsticks with Malfoy.

When they got in there it was nice and warm. Harry sat at a table in the back, Draco next to him.

Harry ordered two pints of Butterbeer.

Malfoy thought it was pretty nice of him...but he really needed to pee right now. Drinking something was only going to make it worse...

He crossed his legs tightly trying to sit still but it was really hard.

He hoped Harry wouldn't notice...

A little later the woman arrived with their drinks.

Harry started drinking immediately and was looking at Draco.

He also took a sip of the warm liquid just to please Harry but it wasn't making him feel better.

The urge to pee was getting worse every minute and he didn't know how long he could still hold it.

Draco started squirming a little trying to relieve some of the pressure on his bladder. It wasn't really helping.

'Are you okay?' Harry asked suddenly.

Fuck...he noticed...

Malfoy looked up, crossing his legs again.

'Yeah sure...Why are you even asking?' He answered kinda annoyed.

'Nothing...just it's like your uncomfortable.' Harry replied.

'I am totally fine.' Draco lied.

He didn't know for how long he could hide this. But he felt so embarrassed admitting this to Harry. He should've went to the bathroom before going to Hogsmeade...

Harry wanted to say something but just at that moment he saw the door of the pub opening and a ginger boy walking inside.

Ron! This wasn't okay...

Harry was hoping he would just ignore them but when Ron noticed Harry and the blonde boy sitting at a table together he walked up to them.

'Still can't believe you're doing this, Harry.' He said while nodding his head.

Harry looked at him but didn't say anything. He did not want to have this argument.

'You realize this is just a trick, do you?' Weasley continued. 'You don't believe that he actually likes you I hope?'

Draco was getting very annoyed and couldn't take it that the Weasel was assuming all of these things that weren't true. He actually liked Harry...it was hard to admit it to himself at first but he knew he did.

The annoying Ron helped him to not think about his need to pee, at least for now...

'I bet he's just helping Voldemort!' Ron started again.

Harry looked at him with big eyes. Malfoy was seriously done.

'Listen up, Weasel! You're gonna leave us alone right now and shut the fuck up! Will ya?'

The blonde boy now got up and walked up to the ginger, who was a bit taller than him.

'How cute, you're helping your "boyfriend"!' Ron yelled.

'Weasley I swear that if you don't shut your mouth right now I'm gonna...'

'You're gonna do what?' Ron interrupted him.

'Tell your father?' He answered laughing at his own joke.

Malfoy started turning red and was a little embarrassed.

'No I'm not gonna tell my father.' He answered annoyed.

'I am gonna...'

He suddenly felt his bladder cramping. Oh my god he couldn't take this anymore. He had to pee right now!! Fuck!!

He couldn't help it and he crossed his legs tightly to prevent himself from wetting.

Ron started to laugh.

'What's wrong, Malfoy? Need to go potty?'

Draco felt more embarrassed than ever but tried to stay calm.

'No I don't!' He answered annoyed and he walked up to Ron.

Harry looked at him.

'Baby leave him alone.' He tried to calm Draco down.

'I'm not! He needs to keep his nose out of OUR business!' Draco answered. The pressure in his bladder was now worse than ever and it really started hurting him.

'I know but fighting won't help...' Harry answered calm.

Draco didn't listen.

He grabbed Ron and looked at him.

'Did you hear what I said? Once more and...'

Ron looked at him angry.

'Do not touch me!'

He tried to get away but Draco didn't let him go.

'Draco please...' Harry said knowing this wasn't going to turn out good.

Malfoy ignored Harry.

'I'm done with this! We can do whatever we want and you're gonna leave us alone!' He yelled.

Ron pushed him away but the other boy grabbed him again, harder this time.

'I will!' Ron answered.

'And will you please let me go now?'

'No!'

'Let me go, Malfoy!'

'I said no!'

Ron was getting more angry and couldn't help it.

'What will your father say when he hears that you're gay?' He yelled then.

This was it. Draco hadn't even thought about this and the thought of his father finding out about this drove him crazy. He was now furious and walked up to Ron, pushing him so he fell against the table at the other side.

Ron quickly got up and excused himself to the people who were sitting there.

'Sorry....'

He walked back to Malfoy more angry than before.

'This is it, Malfoy!'

He grabbed the blonde boy who lost his balance and he fell on the ground.

Harry was shocked about what was happening. He wanted to go to Malfoy and help him, ask him if he was okay but he didn't move and Ron stood right in front of him.

He looked at the blonde boy, laying on the ground.

'This! Weasel! You're gonna regret this!' Malfoy yelled trying to get up. It was hard, not because he had hurt him but cause the pressure on his bladder was now unbearable.

Ron looked at him, full of hatred and he kicked the blonde boy so he couldn't get up-right in the lower stomach...

Draco completely lost it. Ron's kicking had made his bladder cramp again and he just couldn't hold it any longer. Pee started gushing out, while he was still laying on the ground-now curled up in a ball because of the pain in his bladder.

'Ahh...'

He just couldn't help it. He felt so horrible. The pee kept flowing and made a large puddle on the floor. He had to fucking stop! But he just couldn't...

Draco kept peeing till he was done.

Afterwards he started crying.

Ron started laughing.

'This is ridiculous! You were so scared you peed yourself!' He yelled looking at the blonde boy.

'Get the fuck out, Weasley!' Draco yelled, tears running down his face. His pants were all wet and warm from the pee.

Harry was still standing aside, astonished from what had happened when suddenly the door of The Three Broomsticks opened and professor Snape came in, followed my some other people.

This was not okay...

Harry bit his lip, scared of what was going to happen now. This didn't look good.

As soon as Snape saw Draco laying on the ground he walked up to them.

'What is going on here, Potter?' He yelled.

Harry was surprised. Why was he yelling at him? He didn't do anything!

'Nothing sir...well...'

'Then why is Mr. Malfoy laying on the ground? Crying?' Snape yelled.

Harry wanted to say something but Draco was first.

'It's that Weasley there! He pushed me!' He yelled, trying to get up-pointing at Ron.

He was still so mad that he forgot about his wet pants.

Snape looked at him while he got up.

'What happened to your trousers, Mr. Malfoy?...'

Oh no.

Draco's face got all red.

'Eh nothing sir....I eh...I fell in the snow...' He realized that this excuse was pretty stupid since all the wetness was at his crotch area.

'Right...' Snape answered dry.

'I don't know what has happened but Mr. Weasley?' Snape said while turned around and looking at Ron.

'Make sure you come to my office when we're back at school. We need to talk about this.'

'Yes sir...' Answered Ron scared.

Malfoy gave him a look full of hatred.

Snape now turned around to Harry and Draco.

'I think it's better that you two go now...'

'Yes sir...' Harry answered.

He thought Draco was going to talk to him but to his surprise the Slytherin walked out of the pub without saying anything.

Harry didn't get it.

'Draco! Wait!'

The blonde boy started running away, back to the forest.

Harry ran after him calling his name but Malfoy ignored him.

He felt horrible. Tears were running down his face again. This was probably the most embarrassing moment in his entire life! What was worse than wetting yourself in front of Potter? Wetting yourself in front of Potter, Weasley and Snape!

When he was far enough in the forest and he couldn't see Harry anymore he sat down under a tree. In the snow. It was cold but he didn't care, his pants were wet anyways.

That Weasel was right! If his father found out about this he would probably kill him. He knew Snape was going to tell him about what happened today...

He started crying harder.

Harry was still running and totally out of breath he stopped. He saw Draco sitting on the ground, in the snow. Crying like a little kid. Harry felt sorry for him. He knew the boy wanted to be alone but he couldn't help himself and walked up to him.

'Draco...'

Malfoy looked up. Like he usually did he wiped away as much of the tears from his face as he could, so Harry wouldn't notice. But it was obvious that he had been crying.

'Are you alight?' Harry asked worried, sitting next to him in the cold snow.

Malfoy nodded his head.

'I'm fine...'

Harry put his hand on his shoulder.

'No you're not. Please don't lie to me.'

Draco looked at him. There was so much sadness in his eyes that Harry never noticed before.

'I just feel horrible...' Draco admitted, sniffing a little.

Harry came closer to him.

'It's okay. It's horrible what Ron did. I don't get it... He used to be so nice...'

'He clearly isn't anymore...' And he never was, went to Draco's mind but he kept it to himself.

Harry sighed looking at Draco.

'Are you okay? I mean why didn't you tell me you had to pee? We could've searched for a bathroom...'

Draco looked down. This was so embarrassing.

'I didn't have to go that bad anyway...'

'Come on...you were squirming all the time...'

Malfoy didn't look at him.

'I had to go...but I thought I could wait...'

'It's okay.' Harry said while hugging him.

Draco felt so bad right now. He couldn't help it and started crying again.

'It's okay.' Harry said softly. 'It's okay to cry. It'll make you feel better.'

"You don't know what I'm going through, Potter...."

....

