Big Hero Wets

Author: Tom Hayfield

*000*2022-03-24 17:56

(ALL CHARACTERS IN THIS FANFICTION ARE 18+. NONE OF THEM BELONG TO ME, I'M JUST A FAN)

BIG HERO WETS

‘Let us out of here’ screamed Gogo, her voice ringing through the cell. ‘Or you’ll be sorry!’.

‘Gogo, maybe threatening the people who have us captive isn’t the bes- Oh my god is that a spider!’ shouted Honey Lemon, spotting a hairy looking arachnid in the corner of the room. ‘I hate spiders! Let me go right now, you f-’.

‘Pipe down in there!’ came the reply of a sniggering guard; on the other side of a locked door. ‘You ladies ain’t going nowhere until the boss has had a word with you. Maybe a lot more too’ he added cruelly, laughing as he walked down the dingy hallway; leaving the two heroines screaming curses at nothing.

Their day was not going according to plan. The mission had seemed simple enough: A hostage rescue, bomb diffusal; catch a supervillain. Hiro and Baymax had targeted the bombs, while Fred and Wasabi had gotten the hostages out. That left Gogo and Honey Lemon to apprehend Mr. Yama, an enormous mobster with a talent for technological monstrosities and brutality. While his inventions paled in comparison to Hiro’s technology and Honey Lemon’s scientific creation, they were deadly enough to be a serious threat to the civilians of San Fransokyo. Up until today however, the Big Hero 6 had been more than enough to stop every one of his schemes; with little threat to themselves, beyond the usual cuts and bruises of every fight.

This time, Mr. Yama had been more prepared. Though Gogo wouldn’t admit it, she underestimated him. Having circled him more than a dozen times on her Maglev Discs, she had moved in hastily to electrocute him and instead found herself knocked to the ground by an intense punch; badly winding her. This left Honey Lemon to face him alone and while her scientific creations were formidable, she was a pacifist by nature and didn’t fare well against physically challenging enemies by herself. She had soon found herself unconscious and Mr. Yama’s subsequent boot to the face had soon ensured that Gogo had joined her.

The two heroes were now chained up on board some dingy cargo ship; heading towards gods-know-where, with a crime boss known for holding a grudge. Overall, it wasn’t the day either women had been hoping for.

Then, it got worse.

‘Gogo’ said Honey Lemon shyly, her voice becoming much higher pitched than normal.

‘Yeah?’ asked Gogo, not really wanting to chat; as she had problems of her own.

‘I… I have to pee’.

‘... Yeah, me too’.

‘Do you think if we asked really politely, they’d let us use a bathroom?’.

‘Oh sure’ replied Gogo.

‘Really?!’ said Honey Lemon happily.

‘NO! What’s wrong with you?’.

‘Hey, at least I’m trying to think of a way to help us!’.

‘That’s not a good… ugh, look; let’s just focus on getting out ourselves’.

Unfortunately, this was easier said than done. Both women were squirming with growing desperation and had few ways to ease the growing pressure. Their arms were bound by chains; meaning they couldn’t hold themselves, while the distant sound of the ocean was is its own form of torture. It was especially challenging for Gogo, whose yellow-leather spandex suit was incredibly tight around her stomach, putting even greater pressure on her overworked bladder, as if she was wearing a corset. Her legs were tightly wrapped around each other, as she began to whimper; shaking at her chains and trying to get loose. Honey Lemon had a slightly easier time in her pink dress and black tights, though her legs were still trembling with desperation and she was terrified that if she began to leak; which was looking increasingly likely, it would show up on her legs without any way to hide it.

‘G-gogo?’ said Honey Lemon, her voice trembling as her body began to vibrate with desperation.

There was no response.

‘G-gogo? I… I don’t know how much longer I can hold it? Do you think the others will find us soon? They must do, right! They’ve got to find us and then we’ll be able to use the toilet and I won’t get pee down my legs and ruin these tights!’.

Still, there was no response from Gogo.

‘Look, please say something! I know I’m not as tough as you are but please, don’t ignore me. I…’.

Honey Lemon’s voice tailed off as she finally saw what was happening, the sound of hissing filling the air. Her eyes widened as she watched pee run over Gogo’s boots; her friend completely wetting herself, as she moaned in relief and embarrassment. Honey Lemon gasped: She wanted to look away, she wanted to comfort her teammate but instead, she stared dumbfounded; watching in shock as she Gogo continued to pee through her yellow spandex bodysuit. Gogo must have been holding a huge amount, as the pee was starting to soak a stain through and around her crotch; streams of piss running down the outside of her suit, as well on her legs. The cute yellow nylon underwear she had underneath were now completely sodden and Gogo didn’t dare look up, too ashamed to meet her friend’s eye and acknowledge what was happening; that she had completely lost control and wet herself like a little girl.

There was another reason however. As Gogo continued to pee, her nylon panties began to stick to her clit and the throbbing of her emptying bladder and pussy began to form a rhythmic massaging of sorts against her most sensitive areas. She could feel a knot of tension build within her and tried to bite her lip to suppress it, yet that only made the whole thing worse. Within seconds, her control was rapidly slipping away and she couldn’t make sense of it. She was a superhero, a role model to young girls everywhere, one of the six saviours of San Fransokyo… and she was pissing herself. Completely losing control, chained up, in front of one of her best friends; held captive by a supervillain, completely at someone else’s mercy. Her nipples felt as hard as diamond and Gogo began to pant with pleasure, trying to restrain what she could feel was coming but then, she made the fatal error of looking up at Honey Lemon.

She could see the look of shock in her friend’s eyes; not just as her accident, but at the clear arousal she was getting from it. Every moment of her shameful display was being watched and that final thought made Gogo’s entire body begin to shake with lust. Then, when she saw Honey Lemon finally lose control; glistening streams of pee running down her friend’s black tights and sexy thin legs, as Honey Lemon began to wet herself, Gogo couldn’t hold it back anymore. Letting out a scream that was a mixture of despair, lust, embarrassment and pleasure, Gogo crashed over the thin line into one of the best, most powerful orgasms she had ever experienced. Every part of her body began to thrash with pleasure, her legs and hips convulsing, as she moaned openly with pleasure; briefly beyond any embarrassment.

Honey Lemon’s own reaction to Gogo’s display had shocked, yet equally delighted her. When she realised her friend was edging an orgasm, she couldn’t explain why but some hidden voice within her had told Honey Lemon to stop holding on; that it was okay to let go. Watching Gogo’s body shake and hearing her sinful moans, had her feeling soaked between her legs and not just from the pee. She badly wished that at least one of her hands was free, so that she could play with her sopping wet pussy right now. Or, slid her hand between Gogo’s-

‘My sensors detect that our friends are down here’.

Both women immediately stopped moaning at the sound of Baymax’s cheerful, friendly robotic tone; clapping their legs together, though neither could hide the pee dripping from their legs or the puddles beneath them. Despite the obvious joy of being rescued, neither were thrilled at being caught having completely lost control of their bladders. Most tellingly however, both were more disappointed at being interrupted before things could escalate any further.

‘Gogo-’ began Honey Lemon but she was interrupted as the door was smashed in by the otherwise ever-gentle Baymax. He squeezed through the door first, followed by Hiro, Fred and Wasabi; who each stared at the girls in shock once they saw what had happened. For a while, nobody spoke. Then, Baymax’s voice filled the cell:

‘You appear to have voided your bowels, a common response to extreme fear and high-stress situations. I will apply towels, followed by antiseptic wipes; in order to reduce the risk of infection’.

Everyone was briefly silent, then burst out laughing; particularly Gogo and Honey Lemon, who were freed from their chains moments later. Hiro, wanting to quickly move past this awkward moment, took charge of the situation.

‘Come on guys. We’ve got a supervillain to catch’.

Several hours later, Honey Lemon and Gogo were curled up on one of the many sofas, scattered throughout Frederickson Manor; sipping hot chocolate. Both had changed into fresh clothes, with Honey Lemon in her long yellow blouse and tights, while Gogo wore an undersized leather jacket and black sweatpants.

‘So… do you want to talk about it?’ asked Honey Lemon softly.

‘No!’ said Gogo harshly, before her expression softened. ‘Okay… maybe a little’.

‘I think honesty is the best policy, in all things’.

Gogo resisted the urge to roll her eyes.

‘Okay’.

‘I… enjoyed watching you… and I think you enjoyed it too’.

Gogo felt a blush spread across her face and down her neck.

‘Am I right?’.

Gogo looked away but after a second, she could feel her friend’s fingers stroking her short black hair; calming her.

‘Gogo?’.

‘... Yes. You’re right’.

After a long, torturous hour of conversation that left both girls dying of embarassment more than once, they eventually agreed upon something neither could ever have imagined doing before: A holding contest. Both had admitted that they liked the feelings of desperation they had experienced in Mr. Yama’s cell, as well as the loss of control and wetness; of multiple kinds, afterwards. They also agreed that they wanted to feel it again and so, both retired to Honey Lemon’s room; which was a mess of scientific equipment and cutesy items. Both cleared enough items away to form a comfortable spot on a large rug; large enough for them both to stand on. Heathcliff provided a dozen jugs of lemon juice; a natural diuretic, to the room without asking any questions. Before they began in earnest, Gogo decided to spice things up a little.

‘How about, whoever wins, gets to make the loser do whatever they want… you know, as long as it's not illegal or anything!’ Gogo added hastily, afraid Honey Lemon would say no.

Instead, she straightened her slightly crooked pink glasses and gave her a devilish smile.

‘You’re on!’.

The two heroines began drinking a single glass of lemon juice every 10 minutes, circling each other in a semi-intimidating manner, hoping to scare the other into losing control. While that didn’t happen, the movement; combined with the constant drinks, quickly took a toll on their bladders. Within forty minutes, both Gogo and Honey Lemon needed to pee; squirming on the spot. After an hour and a half, both were thoroughly desperate, with Honey Lemon’s hands clutching deep within her tights, trying to hold herself more effectively with her fingers. Meanwhile, Gogo was uncharacteristically bouncy; constantly pacing back and forth, her legs shaking, as she tried to fight the growing pain in her stomach, though both girls knew that they wouldn’t be able to keep this up for long.

‘You doing… okay there?’ asked Honey Lemon, trying to make her voice sound teasing; though it came out as a desperate whine.

‘Never… better’ said Gogo through gritted teeth, no more convincing than Honey Lemon had been.

After two hours, both were at their limits and knew it. Both had their legs criss-crossed tightly, their hands shoved underneath their clothing and could feel the first spots of pee in their knickers; though neither would admit to it. After ten more minutes and yet another lemon juice, both their bladders felt like they were on fire.

‘Its okay, I can hold it, I can hold it, I can… fuck, I can’t hold it’ cursed Honey Lemon, jiggling her legs and bum in utter desperation.

Gogo meanwhile felt seconds away from a total accident, immensely frustrated at the thought. The competitive part of her did not want to suffer her second accident of the day before Honey Lemon lost control, yet she wasn’t sure she had any choice. The burning in her bladder was just too intense; almost as if she was still wearing her yellow spandex. She wanted to let go. She needed to let go-

A loud hissing sound suddenly filled the air, as Gogo looked up to see Honey Lemon gasp and them moan in defeat; and relief, as pee flooded down her legs, soaking her tights in a manner of seconds, forming an enormous puddle around her, that slowly soaked into the rug they were standing on. Honey Lemon moaned in relief as she thoroughly wet herself, looking up at Gogo with a sheepish expression.

‘Yes, I win!’ said Gogo, resisting the urge to punch the air; convinced that would start her own imminent accident.

‘I guess you do’ acknowledged Honey Lemon, her accident slowly coming to an end; leaving streams of pee running off of her and dripping all around. ‘So, what do you want from me as your prize?’.

Briefly distracted from her desperation by this tantalising prospect, Gogo’s mouth went dry as she realised what she truly wanted. Looking directly at Honey Lemon, she spoke in a quiet, raspy voice.

‘Have sex with me’.

Honey Lemon’s eyes widened and she smiled, before slowly making her way over to a still squirming Gogo; right on the verge of wetting herself. Taking off her glasses, she looked into Gogo’s eyes for several seconds; then kissed her passionately on the lips. The moment their bodies came together, Gogo lost all control and could feel her accident start in earnest; the superhero wetting herself while pressed tightly against one of her best friend’s bodies. Honey Lemon didn’t recoil but instead, drew Gogo closer; slipping her hand down inside her peeing friend’s knickers, playing with her clit as Gogo continued to wet herself.

‘Oh… fuck’ whispered Gogo, unable to form any rational thought beyond that; as Honey Lemon threw her, still peeing herself, onto Honey’s bed. Their tongues began to fight for dominance in the other’s mouth, as their hands frantically peeled off layers of clothing; though Honey left on Gogo’s sopping wet knickers, still being soaked with jets of pee, as she kissed around her now exposed legs. Gogo was writhing with pleasure; already in the throes of an intense orgasm, yet somehow building towards another one. Honey wasn’t far behind, using one hand to play with her own pee-soaked pussy as her tongue finally rolled across Gogo’s wet pussy.

‘Yes, more; I need more!’ begged Gogo, as Honey grinned affectionate;y; thrilled at the results she was getting.

Their orgasms began to build together; almost in perfect sync, as Honey kissed Gogo’s breasts, while Gogo began to finger Honey relentlessly, making her body tremble with excitement. Both women were moaning with excitement, pee dripping over themselves, the bed, onto the floor and mixing in with their arousal, until the wetness, the pleasure and the naughtiness all combined into one, perfect moment of pleasure; overwhelming their restraint, and plunging both superheroes into the greatest orgasms of their lives. Both screamed in pleasure, so loud that if Honey’s room wasn’t soundproofed, their teammates would have probably thought they were being kidnapped again. Both squirted heavily; a mixture of pee and arousal, as they gasped for air, their chests heaving from the overwhelming pleasure, stars in the edges of their vision.

‘That was… incredible!’ said Honey Lemon sincerely, grinning like a cat who had discovered all the milk.

‘It was pretty great’ smiled Gogo, kissing Honey’s lips; before a grin spread over her face, that made Honey feel a new wave of arousal spread through her, despite the intensity of previous orgasm.

‘Ready for round two?’.

(If anyone wants to commission me to write something for them, just DM me)

