Cliché Omorashi

Author: TrueDepression

*000*2017-12-22 09:33

We noticed that a particular type of story was flooded on this site. We saw it so many times that it lost it's originality. We wrote a story beginning part like most of those stories but with some changes and in some parts attention to details.

A major portion of this story is just a slightly edited version of Justice's story. We hope that Justice does not have a problem with this. Original story below

%https://www.omorashi.org/blogs/entry/658-chapter-3-exam/

Cliché Omorashi

/I'm Rogue, your storyteller for this story. I am one of the many that form TrueDepression. Today you'll hear a story all of us have heard and loved. /

*bzz..bzzzz...bzzzzz* The alarm kept on ringing but the person was still sleeping peacefully. This was a scene from the Falls house. Miss Vand Falls still in sound sleep from the late night party she had. Loud music, shirtless jocks, lots of punch, non-stop dancing.. you could go on and on about it. Vand rolled slightly to her left and accidentally fell of her bed. 

/I'm hard imagining her rear. / Finally, that pain caused her to wake up and turn off the alarm. She looked at her clock, it was only 6:45 AM. She sighed relieved. She feared she might have been late again. She arranged her bed and took out her phone and saw some Instagram posts. Vand fell down to floor when she saw, it was actually 8:30AM. Her school starts at 9:00 AM and reaching there was another 10 minutes. She took some clothes with her and went to the bathroom and took a quick shower. She came out and dried herself. She looked at her phone. 8:38AM. She quickly changed into a pink silk blouse and matching chiffon skirt. /Borrowed from Justice. / She got her stuff ready and went down. She was surprised to see her mother sleeping on the couch rather than her bed in her room. 

She was probably tired of her journey. Vand did not wake her mother up as afterwards she also had to go to work. She prepared herself a sandwich and coffee /Smoke ? everyday! / and quickly gorged on both of them. Sge looked at her phone. 8:49AM. Basically she's screwed. /I really wanted a fear wetting here but I want to show the cliche version rather than better ones. /She left her house and waited for her bus. A bus came and she hoped in it. Grabbing a seat next to the window. A cold breeze brew which made her feel the urge to pee. She was surely forgetting something but what?/Obvious foreshadowing! / She tried thinking about last night and remembered she had a lot to drink and that had a coffee on top of that and she didn't even go to the toilet. Her urge increased. If she had a test today it would suck because all tests start at 9:10AM and the school girl's washroom was far from her class not to mention the teacher in her class would make stand out till 9:09AM as a punishment, not allow her to go to the washroom and would give a long lecture at the end of the day. The bus reached her school at 9:02AM. She got off and darted to her class reaching it at 9:04AM. Her urge severely increased when she saw the teacher had a bundle of papers./Must.. not.. put.. fear.. wetting! /Surprise Test. Joy!

One guy in the back clapped and said, "Really early Vand, you should not be so punctual!" to which the class started laughing. /Definitely not her crush. / The teacher allowed her to come in and be seated. "This is a Maths surprise test and it includes questions from anywhere in your syllabus. There are 6 4-mark questions and you will have a total of 40 minutes to solve it. This will be counted for internal evaluation and will be brought down to 5. The sum marks of all exams will be brought down to out of 100. Any questions? "..." I will give you the question paper at 9:10 and you may start writing at 9:15AM. At 9:55AM I will collect your papers. You will not be allowed to leave for any non-medical reasons and cheating will declare your paper invalid. " /My school exam system/

Vand got her paper and was somewhat relieved (mentally) that she could easily score 24/24. The problem was her bladder had it's own problems. At 9:15 she started writing and by 9:25 she finished her paper. She raised her hand and submitted her paper even though the teacher recommended her to check her paper once. The teacher corrected her paper in the room itself. Vand saw her making something like a star on her paper meaning 24/24.

She checked her skirt and was sad to see a small 1 cm radius /Too much Maffs! / wet spot on it. She touched her panties and felt a large wet spot. Luckily unless her skirt blows due to some reason, no one would would notice that.

/99% copied from Justice's story/

A spasm.Pee leaked out of Vand despite wishing otherwise, yet it stopped as quickly as it started. She could feel her panties getting damp from soaking in the small amount of pee, and she was feeling her chances of making it out of this room dry slip away. Thirty minutes until she could leave. Her bouncing was back to its more obvious form, and her hands dug into her skirt, unable to even go under her skirt if she wanted now, as even moving her hands slightly could cause the dam to burst. That didn't lower the temptation, however. She leaned forward, trying her best to hold it in, and she now started to give up on hiding her desperation. Who would care anyways if they knew she had to pee or not? It would be much more humiliating to wet herself than to explain why she was holding herself in class during a test. Twenty-five minutes until she could pee.

Another wave hit Vand, and she could feel the pee squirt out of her again, this time lasting a little longer than the last. She could feel her now very wet panties cling to her skin, not helping her predicament at all. Twenty minutes until relief.

Shaking, bouncing, clenching, shifting left and then right, none of it was helping as well as it was earlier. Yet, if she stopped any single one, she would instantly cover the seat with Vand's pee. It was getting more difficult to hold, and more painful at that, making her question if she should just give up right there. But she couldn't, no, she wouldn't!

Only ten more minutes, and she would be on that porcelain throne she craved so very much! Just ten more minutes!

Time was crawling at an unbelievably slow rate, but only two more minutes, and she would be free... or so she thought. As if like a curse, Vand could hear her bladder’s cries of pain. It was stubborn, and it wanted to get its way. And it wanted to be emptied, now. Vand could feel the urgency suddenly build as she heard her bladder yell "I need to go right now!" And it started to dribble pee, only stopping after soaking her panties and creating a wet spot on the front and an even bigger one on the back of her skirt.

She only had one more minute to go, maybe not even that much! She held on as best she could, trying to keep everything in.

Finally, the bell rang. She was now allowed to leave as she had already submitted her paper. She wanted to leave, actually, she wished she could leave, but she was pinned down by her own bladder.The bell was long, and while many students picked up their things and left school to ride a bus or some other form of transportation, Vand was sitting motionless in her seat now. Due to large disturbances caused due to juniors practicing for their annual day performance along with decoration of the school, school ended at 10:00AM and would again continue later in the afternoon.

One last wave of urgency had gone through her body the very moment the bell rang, but her bladder muscles had been too fatigued to handle it, so there was nothing else poor Vand could do about it. Pee started gushing out of her at a tremendous rate, and the only thing she was glad for was, while her skirt was getting drenched, nobody could hear the pee overflow and spatter onto the floor since the bell was still ringing. Or it could have been the fact they wanted to leave as soon as possible since they screwed this test, but that didn't make much of a difference.

Her skirt was quickly darkening until not even an inch was spared from her pee. Even her blouse had gotten a bit wet, the pee wicking up it slightly. Tears mimicked her pee, bursting from her eyes and falling to the floor as well, splashing, mixing together, only making the puddle grow that much larger.

When her pee finally stopped, she realised something, she was still pinned to the chair, but not due to her bladder, but by another force. Looking with her blurry, tear-filled eyes, she realised there was a hand on her shoulder.

"Vand, I’m so sorry for making fun of you that time." the voice from behind her said.

Vand shook her head, looking down, her face absolutely crimson knowing her crush Amour saw her peeing.

"No, it's not your fault, I'm just a little girl, I can't even make it to the end of class without wetting myself..."

"No, you're not a little girl; accidents happen."

Vand didn't respond to that; her attention was focused on the puddle spreading slowly at her feet. She didn't even notice as Amour quickly put away Vand's supplies into Vand's backpack, carrying that with his own bag.

Amour sighed, knowing he had to say something she dreaded.

"Is your mom able to come pick you up or will you go by a bus?"

Vand shook her head, saying "She's at work, she won't be able to pick me up."

Amour didn't know what to do, for neither of them had their driver's licenses yet, nor did they have any parents available to pick them up. "I guess I'll have to ride the bus home, let's g-"

It was their teacher that interrupted her. "I'll drive you home, Vand."

"But Ma'am..." Vand muttered.

"No buts, I can't have a nice and bright girl like you riding a bus when it's obvious you had an accident!"

Vand looked up, wiping away the tears as best she could, smiling.

"Thanks, Ma'am, and can you give Amour a ride as well?"

"I don't see why not… he lives not too far from your place and you need a friend to comfort you anyhow."

She was beginning to feel a bit better now, but as she got up, Vand's slightly more cheerful mood was shattered as the pee that had collected in between her legs fell and splashed into the existing puddle, even rolling down her not-so-dry legs. The falling pee splashed onto her sneakers, completely soaking any parts that might have somehow been left dry. Tears welled up in her eyes once again, and she tried her best not to cry anew. Taking a few steps to the door, she could hear the splashing of her pee, and the subsequent squelching of her drenched socks and sneakers. They waited until the hallways were empty, then they left the school and got into their teacher's car.

The ride was mostly silent, although halfway through it, Amour whispered, "I heard.. you've had a big crush on me, so when you feel better, we can hang out together if you like ."

Then he smirked and raised a finger. "But don't be disappointed when I am not who you think I am." They arrived in front of Vand's house, and Amour walked to the front porch, after thanking their teacher, of course. "I'll leave you lovebirds together" said their teacher before leaving to which Amour blushed deeply. That was Vand's first time seeing him blush. Almost all teachers and many of her friends knew she had a crush on Amour but what the vice versa true? Taking Vand's key, he opened the door and left Vand's backpack inside the house. "I'll be at my house if you need me, okay? Just get yourself cleaned up, Vand." Amour said, trying to comfort Vand some more. Vand rubbed her eyes, then responded with "OK, thank you for the help." Amour smiled, and before he left, he said "That's what friends are for, right?" Vand shut the door as Amour walked away. “Well, that was humiliating enough!” she thought.

/And that's how this cliché story ends. I hope that none of you are offended by this./

We at TrueDepression do not hate such stories but don't want them to be so common.

*003*2017-12-23 09:48

{{5 hours ago, Unbeknownst said:

I enjoyed reading the commentator asides.

All in all, I interpreted it as good natured satire rather than a serious jibe at any particular person or group. In that light I found it to be quite enjoyable although I admit I skipped most of the “story” in favor of reading the commentary.

}}

Once upon a time we used to use sarcasm to insult people. They were fat? "Dude stop dieting, you're so thin!" They were ugly? "You have such a beautiful face!" We regret saying such things when we were young.

Our point being, we don't know whether that is sarcasm or an actual compliment. If it's a compliment, we appreciate your comment.

If that is sarcasm, we feel like karma is doing its thing.

*005*2017-12-24 07:32

The "commentary" was to lighten the mood and not an insult in any way, shape or form. As for the story, it is not insulting anyone/any type of story. It is just representing a very used type of story and our objective is to slightly reduce frequency of such stories as Omorashi.org deserves diversity.

{{On 22/12/2017 at 10:38 PM, Bedwettingchik12 said:

Too jumbled up. And the rapid changing from hold to underline threw me off

}}

Could you explain the mess up? We can try to fix that.

*007*2017-12-25 07:46

{{6 hours ago, tevoka said:

/I'm Rogue. I'm going to debunk his argument one point after the other/

I've read this a few times, and I still don't know what to make of it. I don't get why you're singling out Justice's story, hers are some of the better written stories on the site.

/Justice's story is just one of many stories I could have used in my example. It was used as it was the most easiest to adjust to the started I made. No one is saying such stories are taboo/bad/banned. /

Picking out one story doesn't make your point, you would need to show a pattern in multiple stories.

/I will shortly give multiple links to such stories. This is a fair point to some extend. /

Just from this, it isn't even clear what your saying is cliche.

/Highschool/College girl desperate during class/exams and finally after holding has an accident in class/outside toilet stall/in toilet stall/ manages to pee in toilet stall but clithes are noticeably wet. It also includes a dialogue of the character regretting her choice of breakfast. It is clear unless a) You are dumb b) You aren't very intuitive c) You can't read(The believe b) /

Even if it is, so what? Just because a story might be cliche doesn't mean it can't be good. If the author can tell the story in a compelling way, it can still be a great story even if it isn't new and original.

/Who on earth are calling such stories bad? Who said they are unoriginal? I merely pointed out that these stories are used a little too much. "Despacito" is overrated, but does that mean it is bad? /

This site has a lot of great original stories, there's a lot of diversity here. People are going to write what they want. If you want to see something different, try writing your own. Or commissioning one. Or asking someone to write one; I think there is a general request thread here somewhere.

/Reducing frequency of one type of story while allowing growth of others will also help improve diversity. People are free to write what they want. Heck, I give you permission about to write a story about my death. But All I want is reduction of how many such stories are to come. If in a year there was going to be 30 such stories posted, I would want it to be reduced to maybe 24.

Complaining and picking apart someone else's story is just borderline tasteless.

/Complaining? No. Picking someone's story? No. The commentary is to lighten the mood. It is to create humor. It is not mockery of the story! /

}}

Debunking in bolf, italic and underlined words!

*008*2017-12-25 08:01

$/994-humiliating-test/?do=embed"

$$$$$

*010*2017-12-26 06:15

{{6 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

See... now we are just confused on what you're doing. Like why are you just now reposting stories in this thread?

}}

/Read my previous replies. Someone asked for pattern in those stories. Rather than highlighting or taking pictures of what I was speaking, I posted similar stories. Desperate girl at school wets herself and tries her best holding during class/exam.

As for the story itself, It is just a story with comical commentary and just a slightly edited Justice's story. On this website, you might find many similar stories. To highlight what kind, I made one.

You still didn't explain what exactly is messed up. /

*012*2017-12-26 13:14

{{4 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

But.. they are different than the norm and different from eachother because of how the story develops.

@@also.. I clearly stated what was messed up. The text was clumped together and was in different styles the whole time so it was difficult to read

}}

We believe unless you have a reading disability, there is no problem for any reader. The entire thing from the start to the end, ie, from "/I'm rogue... to she thought." is the story. Bold and italic text indicates actual story, while the italic and underlined text is commentary.

We posted a link to Justice's story because a)An edited version of his work was used as we were lazy with the details and he deserved credit for the real version that we edited b)If Justice's name comes in discussion, it might inspire her(Trans-female) to start finishing her old works.

Concept what we are calling cliché: desperate school girl-holding during class/exam-leaks in between-USUALLY has an accident outside the toilet stall-feels sad and starts crying(ALWAYS tears)-supportive person like friend or sibling or lover or teacher helps her-no one else comes to know ; this is common in all those stories. The beginning, the locations, names, dialogue, personality, details of hold, age, etc may vary but the concept we mentioned is there!

We put an emphasis on this point, as we feel you might say this.

We do not feel such stories are unoriginal. We do not feel these stories are bad. We do not think these stories are uncreative. We are not forcing anyone to stop writing such stories. We merely do not like how common or frequent such stories are. We would like to see a decrease in the number of such stories in the future.

{{4 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

But.. they are different than the norm and different from eachother because of how the story develops.

@@also.. I clearly stated what was messed up. The text was clumped together and was in different styles the whole time so it was difficult to read

}}

We believe unless you have a reading disability, there is no problem for any reader. The entire thing from the start to the end, ie, from "/I'm rogue... to she thought." is the story. Bold and italic text indicates actual story, while the italic and underlined text is commentary.

We posted a link to Justice's story because a)An edited version of his work was used as we were lazy with the details and he deserved credit for the real version that we edited b)If Justice's name comes in discussion, it might inspire her(Trans-female) to start finishing her old works.

Concept what we are calling cliché: desperate school girl-holding during class/exam-leaks in between-USUALLY has an accident outside the toilet stall-feels sad and starts crying(ALWAYS tears)-supportive person like friend or sibling or lover or teacher helps her-no one else comes to know ; this is common in all those stories. The beginning, the locations, names, dialogue, personality, details of hold, age, etc may vary but the concept we mentioned is there!

We put an emphasis on this point, as we feel you might say this.

We do not feel such stories are unoriginal. We do not feel these stories are bad. We do not think these stories are uncreative. We are not forcing anyone to stop writing such stories. We merely do not like how common or frequent such stories are. We would like to see a decrease in the number of such stories in the future.

{{4 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

But.. they are different than the norm and different from eachother because of how the story develops.

@@also.. I clearly stated what was messed up. The text was clumped together and was in different styles the whole time so it was difficult to read

}}

We believe unless you have a reading disability, there is no problem for any reader. The entire thing from the start to the end, ie, from "/I'm rogue... to she thought." is the story. Bold and italic text indicates actual story, while the italic and underlined text is commentary.

We posted a link to Justice's story because a)An edited version of his work was used as we were lazy with the details and he deserved credit for the real version that we edited b)If Justice's name comes in discussion, it might inspire her(Trans-female) to start finishing her old works.

Concept what we are calling cliché: desperate school girl-holding during class/exam-leaks in between-USUALLY has an accident outside the toilet stall-feels sad and starts crying(ALWAYS tears)-supportive person like friend or sibling or lover or teacher helps her-no one else comes to know ; this is common in all those stories. The beginning, the locations, names, dialogue, personality, details of hold, age, etc may vary but the concept we mentioned is there!

We put an emphasis on this point, as we feel you might say this.

We do not feel such stories are unoriginal. We do not feel these stories are bad. We do not think these stories are uncreative. We are not forcing anyone to stop writing such stories. We merely do not like how common or frequent such stories are. We would like to see a decrease in the number of such stories in the future.

*015*2017-12-27 04:54

{{12 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

I.. I don't know how to respond. So much anger. Calm down bro. Idk who "we" is but if you have a problem with stories, then perhaps this site isn't for you.

@@can we get a mod to lock this thread please?

}}

We agree with the fact that this thread should be locked up. 1)It is getting rather too much publicity, diverting attention other stories need 2)The number of replies indicate this story is very exciting but it is just argument between us.

We- joint account of 4 males 1 female, feel that: a)You are unable to see our point b)Did not read our previous replies c)That our need to defend our point is because of anger.

Firstly, seeing a certain type of story less often, is not such a bad request.

Secondly, we feel that you(plural) have a conception that we absolutely hate such story, that we find them absolutely boring and that such stories should be not on the internet. We would again repeat, we do not have problem with such stories. We don't like just how common they are.

Thirdly, anger? Really dude? The bold text was emphasising that point and not expressing anger. As for the 'reading disability' part, we made that comment as a joke. If we actually have such a problem, please suggest what we can do to have commentary along with the story.

{{1 hour ago, SeriousSly said:

OP, your complaint (to call it a critique or a satire is too generous) is not witty nor is it interesting or entertaining in any sense of the word. I would say the ensuing comments however have been entertaining insofar as watching you (or perhaps “all of you”) attempt to mount a meager, yet nonetheless evidently self-righteous, defense against people calling you out for messing on the content creators of this site.

We feel that we are arguing with kids here. You have a feeling, that 'We' have a god complex that what we say is right and anyone against it is wrong. 1)It is a request more than critique or satire unless you were taking about the commentary. 2)I did not post this thread to insult or ruin others content. The links to other stories was just to show similarities as someone was asking. We are not forcing anyone to follow us. Valid arguments would be defending about that frequency thing, showing examples of people requesting for such content or showing the amount of diversity. Those would have been much better points to bring up rather than rant here.

Here’s a thought, if you don’t like what is on this site then make content that is different from that content you dislike and doesn’t rely on some seemingly smug out downs of other creators.

Heard of 'Rogue Omo AI'? It's in the interactive stories section. When compared to the stories around it, it looks original. We do not rely on others content usually. We used Justice's story because at that time we were lazy to write the details of the hold which is a really important part of the debate.

And please, when you refer to yourself use the term “I”, nobody thinks it’s cute and quirky that you refer to yourself as “we” because you have multiple personalities - frankly as you are a writer I’m surpirised you don’t notice how badly it obfuscates what you’re trying to communicate.

We are multiple users not different personalities one person. We have a game where we have to guess who posted what. Using 'we' and speaking in plural actually makes this game harder and more challenging. We can assure you, that is not affecting communication too much unless there is confusion about 'we' (TrueDepression) and 'we' (Omo.org).

}}

Imagine being in a family, and having to eat the same dish multiple times in a week. At first you have no problem but later you don't feel that eager to eat it. You want slightly more diversity in your food and want the frequency of that dish to be reduced. You tell your family members about this and they shout: "Don't you know the value of food? There are millions in this world who die because of starvation, millions suffering from malnutrition and then there is you. Don't want to eat this dish 4 times a week? Get your own food! You know how hard it is to make your own food? Try cooking yourself and then say! You don't belong here!" This is a bad analogy of this thread. We advise moderators to lock this thread as: a)No proper point arguments b)Users are getting unnecessarily angered c)They post without reading other replies.

*017*2017-12-27 07:36

$/41505-clich%C3%A9-omorashi-discussion/?do=embed"

This thread will be locked. Please post further discussion on the above thread.

