Spice and wolf: The wager

Author: thewolfinman

*000*2011-10-06 14:27

Part one: The wager.

“I told you I could pull it off.” Lawrence said as he walked out of the Smiths guild hall, a small amount of hubris creeping into his voice. Though why shouldn’t it, he had just made the present day equivalent of $10,000.

“Of course, the master of the trade performed spectacularly!” Horo swooned in mock adoration. “Of course he could, and all by himself while his fair and useless maiden sat in her bed, praying to the gods that he would bring home enough food for supper.” She swooned again. Her cloaks hood and long back hid her perked ears and happily swooshing tail. “And so modest too!”

Lawrence sighed. It was true. At least half of the deal did go through mostly due to Horo. She even caught on when the guild leader had tried to swindle him. “Alas, the master of the trade is but a pupil to the great sage” He bowed to the wolf, smiling. He loved their banter. Sometimes he thought it was the only thing that kept him sane during the wagon rides that could last for days.

“Ahhhh, so he finally shows the respect I deserve….Rise, page and we shall find some dinner. I shall decide when we arrive if you have earned yours.” She puffed out her chest and upturned her nose, trying out her best imitation of a noble. In doing so she nearly let her hood slip off. She scrambled to catch it before it fell. Horo looked back at Lawrence as he rose, a hint of embarrassment in her eyes. Their eyes met and they laughed. They had set off to the inn with a heavy bag of coins clinking in his pocket.

When they arrived Lawrence headed towards the side of the building in a bit of a hurry. “Ill be there in second, I have some urgent business to take care of.” He cringed slightly then hurried into the ally. Horo sat on the steps and pondered with a smile what Lawrence would do without her. The sound of water splashing and a sigh came from the alleyway. Horo’s extra sensitive ears picked up every droplet. She blushed slightly, knowing what Lawrence was doing. The scent of it wafted to her extraordinary nose and she blushed further. She just sat there listening and smelling until he was done. When Lawrence came back he seemed highly relieved. He was wiping his hands with a small handkerchief. “Are you alright? You look feverish.”

Horo popped up like a piece of overheated corn and mockingly scolded him. “Such men at the master of trade should be able to hold it at least as far as their rooms!” Now it was Kraft’s turn to blush. “And to perform such an act in front of a maiden…” Lawrence cocked an eyebrow. He had been 50 ft away at least. He began to say something, but as he opened his mouth Horo pointed to where her ears would be if not covered by the cloak. His mouth closed. Horo’s chest puffed out again.

Craft bowed again, covering up his embarrassment with humor. “Please oh sage, mistress of the wheat, forgive this mortal body for it’s short comings, though surely even a goddess would be in a similar state after such a time! After all, the transaction took nearly 6 hours! “

“Hah! Sage’s have better control of themselves than merchants, I would be fine after 12 hours! 24 hours even!” She puffed out her chest again and stuck up her nose grinning.

Lawrence raised with a devious smirk on his face. “I would take that wager, but alas sages aren’t the betting sort.” He could sense Horo’s competitive spirit flaring. Her tail wagged and her ears were perked.

“I thought merchants were masters of chance! To make such a foolish bet is not like you Kraft!”

“Oh, but we are masters of chance. Should you win your debt will be forgiven, should I win I should be able to ask for anything I want.”

Horo cuddled up to him. Her ears back and her eyes mockingly sad. “Anything…you would take such advantage of a maiden…”

Lawrence merely closed his eyes and looked away.

Horo frowned and sighed. “You used to be a lot more amusing when I could get you excited so easily.” She hopped in front of him, the sun setting behind her. “It’s a wager.” She stuck out her hand in mock formality. Lawrence took it, shook it and smiled. “Tomorrow at sun down. “

She took his arm and led the way into the inn. The doors closed behind them and from the outside any passers by could hear her excitedly exclaim. “COW!”

