First Ever Story - Try To Be Nice

Author: TheEnigmatic

*000*2014-04-08 22:14

Hi, I've recently tried to become more actively on this site so I feel I should make my first contribution. This is the first ever wetting story I have ever written and I did it rather quickly so please forgive any spelling or grammatical errors. I would love to hear some feedback. Please enjoy!

A Desperate Business

The rain pounded down outside the window, resulting in a constant soundtrack to the darkened flat. Elisabeth was stood by the window, her bladder was already nearing capacity as she watched the rain. She knew that listening to the rain wasn't helping her situation, but the constant downpour helped settle Elisabeth's mind as so considered what the next few hours had in store for her.

This was her first night on this job, something she never thought she would be doing, yet found herself unable to turn down the opportunity. This small, unfurnished, flat had more hidden cameras that she could even think about. Why have the camera's hidden when she knew they were there? To stop her looking into them, the women who had locked her in had told her, it looked more natural if she didn't know where the cameras were.

The kitchen had come stocked with endless bottles of water, with strict instructions to have at least one every half an hour. Elisabeth left out a soft moan as she downed the rest of her bottle, it was her 4th of the night and she knew she had at least another 8 to drink. She carefully moved the long chestnut hair out of her face and slowly moved away from the window. She knew she needed to go pee, but that was the problem. The bathroom was locked.

Carefully moving her small hands to the crotch of her tight purple leggings, she cursed. She would not last the next 4 hours, but of course she wasn't supposed to. That was why she was here. £1000 in cash to be locked in a small, dingy flat and wet yourself, while people watched you on the cameras. You were given bonuses for how long you lasted to give you an incentive to hold on. An extra £250 for every hour you lasted after drinking 5 bottles of water, starting after however long it took you to finish that amount.

Elisabeth was struggling, it had been 30 minutes since her 5th bottle and she didn't know if she would last another 30. Pushing her hand into her crotch she was already feeling the tell tale leaks of a bladder about to give in. Elisabeth let out a loud moan and pushed her hands into her leggings. She felt her smooth lips underneath her trembling fingers and pushed harder. Her fingers were already wet from the small leaks of urine but the added pressure created a new source of wetness.

The feeling of her hand between her legs gave Elisabeth new confidence and she looked up, winked in a direction she hoped was towards a camera and slowly moved one of her hands up to her size 32C chest and squeezed. The feeling of having one of her breasts squeezed always turned Liz on and before she knew it, the hand between her legs began to feel even wetter. Elisabeth decided she needed to be more interesting, they only brought girls back if they were popular amongst the clients and some of the top girls were know to bring in up to £10,000 a night just to put on a show. Trembling, with both pleasure and the increasing need to let the river flow, she stood up straight.

"You know, all of this holding is thirsty work, maybe I need another drink" Even as she said it she knew this was going to be tough. She reached into her buttoned up cardigan pocket and brought out another bottle. As she slowly undid the top she allowed herself to stand up completely straight and part her legs, leaving nothing but her tired muscles keeping the warm pee inside of her.

After the top was open she tilted her head back and downed the water in seconds. A huge wave shuddered through her body as a long squirt let itself out of her aching peehole. "Oh dear, looks like I am beginning to lose control" Elisabeth purred out loud. She slowly pulled her leggings down to just above her mound, her throbbing lips wished to be free and played with, but that was against the rules. Her bulging bladder rested just above the waistband. Enough games, her leggings were already showing signs of wetness and she still had 15 more minutes before she won an extra £250. Never mind that, she was after the top prize of a top pee girl. She placed her hands over her bladder and pushed hard.

Immediately the dam broke, sending the hot pee flooding into Elisabeth's waiting leggings and down to the dingy floor. The force of the push and the hot sensation caused a sudden and intense orgasm.

This lead to over a full two 3 minutes of heavy moaning while the puddle around the girls feet grew in size, the darkened purple of the wet fabric clung tighter to Elisabeth's legs, all the way up to reveal a tight, pissy camel toe that left little to the imagination. As the flow stopped, a quick smile appeared on Liz's face, and as seductively as she could said "Oh no, I've peed myself, now what will I do?" and with a final wink "Who will clean me up?"

