Pissed to meet you

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2021-07-31 21:34

I always work on new things that I don't want to post before they're finished. I have like five different huge projects for this forum that I regularly write a little bit on and never get close to finishing. For once, I've written something in one go to post immediately because I got tired of not posting anything I create. This might get some tiny follow-ups but nothing more if at all. Feels good to finally post some of my fiction again even if it's just an in-between idea that I got and is less fleshed out than anything else I'm writing.

###

Gina’s co-worker had just left her alone at her weekend job at the gas station connected to both a residential area and a busy road, and she regretted not asking her to take over the register for a minute while she used the bathroom. She had counted on that opportunity, but Jess was so busy getting everything outside ready before she left and when she was done, exactly according to schedule at six, she just waved goodbye and left immediately to Gina’s dismay. Kind of embarrassed about her small bladder getting her so desperate again a few hours since the last time she went, and thinking about getting through the evening alone when her only opportunity would be if the store was empty, she wanted to leave it as late as possible before she went again. Now, at five past six with nobody there to help her and a growing line of customers in front of her, she was in a state of panic.

She didn’t leave it this late very often. It had been years since her last full accident when she wet herself earlier this month. Being out after the shops closed down and the sun already under, nobody had noticed it running down her legs and over her sandals that time, and after her bladder had emptied she quickly left the puddle on the pavement behind, her skirt obscuring all visible proof, and all audible proof from the sound her sandals made with every step had mostly dissipated before anyone was near enough to her to hear it. The only person who might’ve found out was that other girl on the bus sitting one row over, if she for some reason checked out Gina’s seat after she got off at her stop and saw the wet spot her panties had made on the cushion. She had gotten away with that and treated it as a freak incident.

Last week, after a long day of working the shift Jess had worked today, the combination of drinking heavily and being extremely tired had made her forget to pee before bed and when she woke up she didn’t need to anymore. Another freak incident, a risk she had taken, and she thought it was perfectly reasonable to wet the bed in that situation. She had heard stories from friends in the past, and she knew she wasn’t the only one that happened to occasionally after a night of drinking. It was no reason to be concerned at the time.

Still, as she sat there, helping customer after customer, acutely aware of how she wasn’t alone in her room, and acutely aware of the light blue colour of her jeans instead of a skirt that might’ve helped her hide an incident if it went south, those two accidents were at the front of her mind. Needing both her hands to help customers, she had no choice but to ignore her intense desire to hold herself between her crossed and bouncing legs underneath the counter.

The worst part was how nearly half of her customers wanted to buy cigarettes, requiring her to get up from her chair and stand with her legs in full sight as she got some from behind the doors on the wall behind her, having to pretend to be fine. If this line didn’t start shrinking soon, she would have no choice but embarrassingly excuse herself to the customers as she runs to the bathroom, when the only alternative would be to wet her pants at work. She shuddered at the thought. She’d have to quit her job in shame just a few weeks after starting it.

Luckily for her, a few minutes later the line had shrunk to only three people. Unfortunately, some pee suddenly spurted into her panties while helping the second of them. It took all her strength to hold on for that last customer, and she felt another spurt escape her while getting up from her seat as the automatic doors closed behind him. Doubled over, one hand opened the door of the cabin she was in while the other shot to her crotch, feeling how a small wet patch had already formed on the outside of it.

With the door open, she was free to hold herself with both hands while running towards the door of the storage area, where the employee toilet was. Removing one hand to open it, she nearly started peeing full force then and there, only just containing it to a small dribble as she fiddled with the key. The small dribble continued, wetting her panties and pants further. She felt the first drips forming on her fingers, and she felt close to tears, at this point almost certain she was going to fully wet her pants.

Luckily, the bathroom was right behind this door. The tiny dribble continued. She felt the first bit of wetness on her thighs as she ran inside, not bothering to close the door due to being alone. If she hadn’t been able to undo her button with one hand first try, it would’ve been all over right then and there, because as soon as she removed her second hand the floodgates opened, and she only just managed to slide her pants and panties down before the first moment of the dribble transforming into a wave made it through her urethra.

She sat down right after it had done so, finally able to relax. While peeing into the toilet, she assessed the damage. The crotch of her white panties was soaked. The half second of peeing full-force before getting her ass on the toilet seat had caused her to wet the entire backside of them too, and in the small gap between them and the toilet seat she had made a tiny puddle on the floor. But her panties had just about prevented her from peeing over the full backside of her jeans. There was a big wet patch on the crotch though, but she was happy to notice that most of what she had felt on her thighs was only visible on the inside of her jeans and not the outside.

While her bladder was almost done emptying, she wrung out the wet gusset between her legs, adding some drops to the puddle on the floor before mopping that up with some toilet paper. She dried her privates as much as she could, but hearing the bell of a new customer entering the shop made her have to leave them damp. Not that it mattered; she had to pull up her wet panties against them anyway. She just had to ignore how she felt seeing her privates almost just as clearly right through them after pulling them up and how she felt her butt get wet from them, and quickly pulled up her pants.

Looking down, despite them feeling significantly wetter than that the only wet spot visible from the front would easily be hidden by a tactfully placed hand. Turning around, standing on her toes she could just see how her backside looked while looking over her back into the mirror. Her heart rate increased; where it had spread out a little from her crotch to the backside of her legs, her pants were visibly wet in a way that could only be explained by pee. If she looked closely, she could also see them getting slightly damp further up her butt where it touched her wet panties. That part would only be noticeable if you looked for it, but with obviously wet jeans below that she had to hide her backside anyway.

Walking into the shop, Gina carefully walked in a way that the young woman of about her age standing at the counter could only see the right side of her jeans while she walked back to her cabin. Inside, she quickly sat down on the chair. Only then did she notice that the woman probably wouldn’t have noticed anyway. Clearly, she was doing a pee dance, with her hands between her crotch similar to how Gina had walked through the shop only a few minutes before, but seemingly even more desperate. She didn’t need to tell what she needed, and Gina quickly put the key to the customer toilet on the counter. The woman muttered a quiet “thanks” before walking off, back outside to the side of the building where she apparently already knew the customer toilet was at. By now several cars were pumping gas again, and Gina noticed all the heads following the poor woman who was clearly close to having an accident as well.

“Did it look that obvious with me too?” Gina wondered. She had calmed down a little bit. She had just prevented herself from crying earlier keeping her make-up intact, and now that she knew she had avoided a full accident and could probably hide the leaks. She had experience hiding the fact that she leaked a bit. Despite not having had many accidents since she had left elementary school, leaking a little bit before reaching the toilet was quite common. Most of the time the leaks were smaller than this, but she still felt confident.

While catching her breath and helping a few more customers, she started wondering if the woman she just gave the key to would also be that lucky. She sure looked like she wouldn’t be able to make it. Gina started imagining those jeans, already slightly darker than hers, having an even darker and quickly growing patch form on them while she stood in front of the toilet, reaching her shoes within seconds and forming a huge puddle around her, similar to an accident of her own when she was nineteen, her last full accident until recently…

“What the hell,” she thought, quickly pushing the thought away. She remembered how embarrassed she was and how her housemates had teased her about it for weeks, she couldn’t imagine how mortified she’d be if that happened away from home, having to get back in that state. She wouldn’t wish that on anyone! Still, she felt slightly disappointed when she saw the woman walking back into the shop without a hint of wetness on her crotch, making her more embarrassed about the wetness on her own.

“Thanks! That was such a relief. Good thing you didn’t return a minute later, I was *sooo* sure I was gonna pee my pants right there until I saw you,” the woman said as she handed over the key. “I really thought I’d make it home but there’s a traffic jam up the road and it became an emergency, still kind of bad to have that almost happen when you’re twenty-three,” the woman said, revealing that she was exactly Gina’s age. “I just got my panties down in time! I think I was eight the last time I wet myself and that was in bed! Fuck, I talk too much, sorry for boring you,” she said. “No problem,” Gina answered, feeling even more embarrassed about her own wet panties.

The next few hours, Gina had no choice but to remain seated when customers were there, and wouldn’t risk getting out of the cabin for her normal duties of filling up some shelves. Instead of getting up to get the smokes from behind her, she pushed the wheeled chair around and carefully made sure something was always between the line of sight of a customer and her crotch. Any time without customers she’d spend rubbing her crotch and butt, trying to dry the wetness to the point of near invisibility as quickly as she could and taking pictures of her backside with her phone to check on her progress. She was getting parched with her water bottle empty, and with the wetness still visible, she only dared to quickly pop into the shop to get herself a bottle of soda and back into the cabin and drink that. There was no tap in the cabin, only in the storage room.

It was nearly eight when that bottle was also empty, and the dampness on her pants wasn’t that visible anymore. Her shift lasted until eleven, but she still had to sweep and mop the floor among a few other things before nine, so after quickly quenching her thirst and filling up her water bottle again she started doing those as fast as she could in the gaps between customers. It was only her third time on this shift and the second time alone, and she hadn’t found the most efficient way of doing stuff yet, and due to not being able to leave her seat earlier she was constrained by time. From nine onwards, she wasn’t allowed to leave her cabin for her own safety.

Just in time, she emptied the bucket and made her way through the shop over the still wet floor. The sliding doors were set to open to make it dry quicker, and she’d just have to accept that the sign warning customers about the wet floor could not be removed until she closed, long after it had dried. She was able to do that way earlier two weeks ago like she was supposed to, but today she had no choice. It had been way busier than the last two times between eight and nine, and she was constantly running back to help customers.

The time on the register read 20:59 as she closed the door, and only seconds later she heard the beep confirming the automatic alarm. If she left the cabin between now and eleven, the security center would get a notification and call the station for an explanation. If she left the cabin without an adequate reason, the local manager would be notified. From now on, all she had to do was make sure the shelves with tobacco products were filled for the next morning next to helping customers.

Finally able to relax again, taking a swig from the water bottle she recently filled once more, a distinct feeling of pressure made her realize the mistake she had made. While running around to at least have the most essential things done on time, she hadn’t noticed how full her bladder had become. And of course now that nine o’ clock had finally passed, it was the first time the station was completely empty since she had dared to show herself outside of the cabin again. With no customer in sight to hear it, she started listing all her favourite curses with intensifying anger, directed at herself.

After confirming nobody was coming in for a moment, she unbuttoned her tight jeans to fully assess the situation she was in by placing her hand on her bladder. The significant bulge she felt confirmed her fears; this wasn’t an amount she’d be able to hold for two hours. She also saw the edge of the yellow ring on her, now fully dried, white panties just below where her hand rested, reminding her of her near accident. If she didn’t find an alternative, she’d be adding to that with a real accident. One she couldn’t hide.

She tried to find options, but next to shutting the door when the shop was empty, running to the toilet and having to embarrassingly explain that to several people after the fact, her only other option to not pee her pants or on the floor was to pee in the bottle. The bottle she’d have to empty first. Something she also couldn’t risk doing without the doors shut. And she knew from previous emergencies that one bottle was not enough to keep it all in, and the last time she had to resort to peeing in a half litre bottle she couldn’t stop when it was full and peed all over the floor of her car. “Why did I throw away the other bottle?” she thought to herself.

The more she thought about it, the more she didn’t want to risk a bathroom emergency being good enough to breach protocol to risk losing her job. It had taken her ages to get one, and she really needed the money next to be able to pay for her education. Despite her moral objections to the company she worked for, this had been her only option. She couldn’t risk losing this job. Despite her bladder getting pretty full already, and re-buttoning her jeans only emphasizing how quickly her situation was becoming dire, she just had to drink her water so her bottle would be empty. The quicker she would deal with this, the better her chances were of not accidentally peeing all over the floor.

She started to take a big gulp, but with her entire body protesting the addition of more liquid to her system she had trouble swallowing all of it. Getting it empty as quickly as she could turned out to be rather slow, and it took her ten minutes until she finally did it. Just when she was ready to shut the doors for a minute though, suddenly several people, both from cars stopping and from the residential area, approached the shop. She couldn’t just sit there and not let them in. She crossed her legs again, and her bladder screamed out, having thought it was close to relief. She was shifting in her seat and bouncing her legs again while helping them, and the line quickly grew to over ten people. Why do they always arrive in groups?

Fifteen minutes later, the shop was empty again. There were no cars pumping gas for now. This was the moment. She unscrewed the lid from the bottle and unbuttoned her jeans, but as she stood up to reach for the panel controlling the doors, they slid open again. Unbuttoning had given her bladder some much needed space, but re-buttoning made her need grow even worse, just as bad as it was when Jess left. Rounding the corner of the building was a cute girl probably a little bit younger than her, walking quickly with one hand pushing the front of her skirt between her legs, leaving no doubt that she was experiencing something similar.

“H… Hi, is y... your, ehm, toilet, closed?” she said while hopping from one foot to the other, panic in her voice.

“No, I have a key here you can use if you bring it back afterwards,” Gina answered, also doing a pee dance again. As she slid it through the small gap in the counter below the bulletproof glass meant for exchanging money, she suddenly heard a hissing sound followed by a loud pattering on the floor. Gina looked down and clearly saw how the black-and-white checkered skirt between her legs had immediately soaked through. The girl quickly grabbed the key, turned around and ran out of the store, but obviously didn’t stop peeing for a second.

Seeing her glistening legs, soaked socks and overflowing shoes, leaving behind a continuous trail of pee between the counter and the door, and hearing the hissing and the sound of a waterfall hitting the tiles that had just dried was too much for Gina and her bladder started contracting. She managed to stop it after the first leak re-wetting the crotch of both her panties and jeans, but she knew she’d end up similarly to that poor girl if she didn’t act now.

This time reaching the panel was the first thing she did. Immediately afterwards she unbuttoned her jeans once more but just before the doors closed shut behind the girl, they detected movement and opened again. In the door opening, a guy was standing, looking at the poor girl who was now stopped in her tracks. It being a summer evening, it was still light enough that you could see the puddle she was making on the pavement next to the shop looking past the legs of the guy staring at her in disbelief.

The automatic sliding doors still being open, refusing to close with someone in the vicinity, Gina had to re-button her jeans once more. She could just avoid screaming out in agony as the extra pressure on her bladder pushed more urine towards her final defences. She put both her hands in her crotch, wet once more from her previous leak, but it didn’t help. Her already weakened muscles couldn’t handle it. Her mind was still set on holding it in, but her body had given up and opened the floodgates.

Urine soaked through her pants rapidly, some of it running over her fingers and dripping down on the ground below her but most of it going down the legs of her pants, the tightness of them making the pee running down the back and the front circle around her legs and joining up at several points, most notably around her knees. When she finally gave up and removed her dripping wet hands from her crotch, still glistening with pee actively exiting her body when it was already filling up her shoes. Staring down in disbelief at her continuing accident, she heard someone speak.

“You dirty bitches! Never fucking mind.”

The guy, probably halfway through his twenties, had an angry look on his face. Normally, Gina would go off on anyone calling her or another girl or woman the b-word, but this time it just resulted in the tears, already building up in her eyes, to start streaming down her face as the guy made his way out of the shop, careful to step over the pee the other girl had left on the floor. Behind him stood that girl, face red and teary eyed just like Gina, her make-up ruined and awkwardly holding the useless key, looking down at Gina’s accident.

“Well, I guess we’re both not alone,” she said through a hoarse voice that sounded like she was on the verge of sobbing, but having a chuckle through her tears. Gina’s bladder was finally empty, and her pants immediately started to cool down a little bit. Gina similarly had a small chuckle.

“I guess you don’t need that anymore,” Gina answered, motioning at the key in the girl’s hand. Her voice more similar to the girl’s voice than she had hoped. They were both smiling at each other through the tears. As awkward and embarrassing as it was for both of them, they found some camaraderie in having it happen to both of them at the same time.

“Good thing you had the foresight to put that wet floor sign up already,” the girl said while handing the key back, causing Gina to outright laugh through the tears. She felt so hopeless, but at least there was someone to feel hopeless with.

“Since I’m here anyway, I think I’ll start smoking again if I have to walk home like this,” the girl said, before ordering her brand and a lighter.

“Can I see your ID first?” Gina asked. Both still clearly crying just from the sound of their voices, but a bit more comforted than they were a few minutes ago.

“Oh come on Gina,” the girl said, referring to the name tag.

“I’m sorry, I have to ask,” Gina said apologetically. The girl turned out to be twenty-one, easily old enough for the minimum of eighteen.

“At least you can hide until your skirt is a bit less wet, I’m stuck here working in jeans until eleven, Naomi,” Gina said as she handed the smokes to her, referring to the name she saw on the ID in a similar vein Naomi had just done to her.

“That’s actually a great idea, thanks! Oh, and here’s some make-up remover, you need it.”

Using her phone as a mirror, Gina saw how bad it was, and quickly removed it all, luckily before anyone stepped inside. After smoking a cigarette, the girl got it back from her and hid in the bathroom for a while. When she came back out half an hour later to thank Gina, the only visible proof of her accident was the wetness on her socks, and of course the river of pee on the floor that at that point nobody could link to her, while the wetness in Gina’s pants by that point had spread through the fabric of her jeans even more to the point of there barely being a dry spot below her hips. She was jealous. She knew how easy it was to hide an accident in a skirt, but they were only allowed to wear jeans on the job. The only thing she had to hide her accident was a big blue bin bag, draped over her lap while she sat on the chair.

Over the evening, several customers complained about the pee on the floor, causing Gina to explain how she can’t leave her cabin after nine. Despite her best efforts, the bin bag attracted enough attention that several people, especially the ones buying cigarettes, noticed her accident. It was the most humiliating evening she had ever had. One man who complained about the puddle and then saw her wet jeans from under the bin bag got absolutely furious, assuming she had first peed herself in the shop before nine and had then refused to clean it up, using the story about someone else peeing herself at the exact same time and not being allowed in the shop after nine as an excuse to be lazy and force people to walk in pee.

He got Gina sobbing trying to explain. Luckily she got some sympathy from the people behind him who got him to stop but he said he was going to file an official complaint about her, and later one girl tried to comfort her by admitting that it happens to her too sometimes. Overall, most people chose to not say anything the numerous times the bag didn’t completely cover their sight of her jeans, but she was pretty sure they all knew she had wet her pants. Especially the ones who saw her after that one mean man.

After closing down the register and doors at eleven exactly, Gina still had to mop up all the pee. She didn’t look forward to going outside, her jeans still visibly wet, but after filling up a bucket with hot water she came back into the shop to see Naomi, now wearing shorts, knocking on the glass door, smiling and pushing a skirt and a pair of panties against the door. She officially wasn’t allowed to do this, but she’d give anything not to have to go home and sit in her car like this so she let her in.

“I’ve got you some clean clothes!” Naomi said, beaming with joy. Still down, Gina could only manage a meek smile.

“Come on, you change while I help you with this,” Naomi said while grabbing the mop from Gina’s hands. She immediately started cleaning the floor where she had her accident. After a moment of consideration, Gina decided she could trust her enough to go to the back to change for a minute. She was gonna change out of the company blouse anyway.

It took a while peeling off her soaked jeans, and once she was done and carefully carried her wet clothes on one arm, keeping away from her own shirt and Naomi’s rather short skirt, and the blouse on the other, barefoot because she didn’t want to put her feet back into those wet shoes, Naomi stood there waiting for her. She perked up somehow looking at the collection of wet clothes, but then looked apologetic.

“Oh sorry, I should’ve brought some shoes or something too!” she said.

“No worries, this is already way better than I had hoped for,” Gina answered. She opened the door to the cabin to grab the bin bag. The smell of her own urine, already with her through her clothes, filled her nostrils even stronger as she did since Naomi couldn’t reach this part. She put all her clothes inside the bag and turned around to get the mop, but Naomi already stood there with it, ready to go.

“No, this is mine,” Gina said, grabbing the mop back and starting to mop it up. The water in the bucket already had a yellowish tint from Naomi’s accident.

“But you helped me so that nobody except for that shithead saw that I wet myself, while you were stuck in your wet pants!” Naomi protested while touching Gina’s arm gently, but she let her mop.

“It’s fine, it’s my own fault for forgetting to go before nine. Besides, I’m not even allowed to let you in the shop after eleven, let alone in here,” Gina said. She might get into trouble already. Especially with someone from the security company standing outside for the last twenty minutes, who saw her let Naomi in. After finishing the floor, the wet cushion of the chair still stood there. She had no solution for that. She had to sit down to preserve some dignity, and the chair paid the price.

“Thanks for helping me, what’s your number so I can return your clothes next week?” Gina said after closing the door to the cabin.

“You can have my number but you can keep the clothes, you helped me avoid a lot of humiliation,” Naomi answered.

“But you returned the favor.”

“Honestly only after I told my mom what happened and said I wish I could help you too, I’m so dumb for not realizing I could on my own, haha” Naomi said. She had such a sweet smile, Gina thought. It lightened her mood.

“I also don’t want to train myself to associate peeing my pants with getting cute clothes for free, what if it becomes a Pavlovian response?” Gina said.

Naomi laughed. “I guess I’ll just have to come by here with cute clothes for all your shifts to make sure you didn’t have another accident. Just give me your order, or do you trust me picking out some sexy clothes for you? I mean, these already look great on you!”

Naomi added a wink after that. Was she… flirting? Gina wasn’t sure and just laughed awkwardly. She didn’t want to assume. What if she just went for it and this girl was straight? That would be one great way to ruin a possible new friendship. Gina just hoped. If she was, she definitely was more daring than her. She couldn’t dream of doing that with someone before she knew if they’re even into girls.

Then Naomi went in for a hug and embraced Gina closely, who returned. After a few seconds, Naomi whispered in her ear.

“I like your socks”

Naomi pulled back with a suggestive smile. Gina realized. She had been wearing her pride socks that day. She felt her face go red. She tried to suppress a smile for a second but had to give up. A meek “thanks” was all she could muster. She was always worse at flirting with people she genuinely liked.

“So, what’s your number, then I’ll call you,” Naomi said, breaking a silence that nearly got awkward.

Driving back home, all Gina could think about was Naomi. Her smile, her demeanour, her legs… they looked so nice wet. Ehm, her flirting, her wet skirt, NO. Her hug, her touch, she wished she could see her panties, maybe they were also see-through like… STOP IT. She couldn’t wait to get home and take care of herself.

She tried to avoid it, but her mind kept wandering back to when Naomi’s pee was streaming through the front of her skirt. After she parked her car, she automatically pushed her hand into her gifted skirt the same way she had seen Naomi do. She massaged herself through it, and immediately felt wet. Too wet. She turned around and saw a wet spot on her seat? She felt the back of her skirt. Also wet. She felt the front of her skirt. It had gotten wetter. Suddenly hissing. A familiar hissing. Pee ran down her legs onto the asphalt below. Through the skirt. She was peeing herself again.

She had felt it a little bit during the car ride, but it just came out without warning. And apparently it had done so before without her even noticing. Concerning. But for now, she was just concerned with getting some privacy in her own bed, and quickly got inside. She tried to cut it off, but kept dribbling the entire way there. She left a trail of drops everywhere she went, until she had closed her bedroom door. She started rubbing herself through the wet skirt and wet panties, picking up the pace, and her urethra had opened fully once more. Without any mental block it had become impossible to stop. She got horny just from wetting herself uncontrollably, but her mind going back to when Naomi had her accident and her peeing her pants right after, and then them being left together at the gas station, both in visibly wet clothes, sent her over the edge. She couldn’t keep quiet.

“What’s wrong with me?” she thought afterwards, for multiple reasons. She was disgusted with what she just did and what she was getting turned on by. But when she went to bed, she couldn’t bring herself to take off those wet panties. Those are Naomi’s panties. And she just peed in them. Maybe Naomi has peed in them before too? She drifted off. She dreamt of Naomi. Of her accidentally peeing those shorts when she got home. Of her then masturbating through soaked white panties. She woke up. She felt it as soon as she moved. For the first time since high school, she had peed the bed while sober.

“What’s wrong with me?” she thought again.

