Like a Race Horse

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-04-03 01:52

This was originally a chapter of a T-rated story I wrote somewhere else, but I modified it a bit for this site. That story had it so Rainbow hadn't met Applejack yet, and didn't wash often, but I remove both of those from this version. Also has a little more than just a wetting this time.

Another Equestria Girls fanfic. Sorry if the quality's too low and the scenarios too stretchy.

Like a Race Horse

Rainbow Dash finished running a race, wearing her usual white shirt and her pink and white miniskirt with black compression shorts underneath. She was dripping with sweat, but satisfied that she won the race. She downed two bottles of water both before and after claiming her trophy, and then started to walk home.

She stopped when she saw a sign reading "Horse Race Tomorrow." She was interested in competing in horse races. She'd probably win them too.

She went to Applejack's farm, because she knew Applejack had several horses, and she wanted to practice riding them.

"Hey Applejack," said Rainbow Dash.

"Howdy, Rainbow. Congratulations on winnin' that race."

"It was nothing."

"You look thirsty. Have as many mugs of cider as you want."

Without hesitation, Rainbow filled about 30 mugs of cider and drained them one by one.

"Wow, you were really thirsty," said Applejack. She chuckled a little. Rainbow was going to have to take a big pee pretty soon.

By now the sweat had evaporated off her.

"Thanks for the cider, but I actually wasn't thinking of that when I came here."

"What were you thinkin' about?"

"I want to enter the horse race!"

"You've never ridden a horse before."

"I know. I want to practice."

"All right. I'll start you with the basic instructions."

"No, let's get straight to the racing. I'll race you around the track!"

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah! I think I'll be able to get the hang of it, but I want to make sure first."

"If you say so."

Applejack picked out two horses, and she and Rainbow climbed on top of them. As soon as Rainbow climbed up, she felt an urgent need to pee. She tried to cross her legs, but this was impossible when riding a horse.

"Applejack? Can we stop for a minute? I have to-"

"You wanna race, we race! One two three GO!"

Applejack moved the reins to get the horse to run. Rainbow Dash did the same. She had no idea how to get the horse to move the way she wanted it to, but did whatever motions with the reins seemed right. She moved them a little more frantically due to her increasing desperation.

When they reached a turn, Rainbow turned the reigns to the left, and the horse turned with her. Less than halfway across the track Rainbow passed Applejack.

"Wow, you ain't so bad at this," said Applejack.

Rainbow held the reins with one hand while holding herself with the other. She really needed to go. But she was forced to put both hands on the reins to turn again.

It was Rainbow Dash who crossed the finish line first. But, she didn't know how to get the horse to stop. The horse was running towards the fence.

"Stop! Stop!" Rainbow waved her arms frantically, then held herself with both hands.

As soon as the horse reached the fence, it skidded to a stop and reared back with a whinny. Rainbow Dash fell off the horse, landing butt-first in a mud puddle. The combination of the fall and the sudden wetness on her rear was too much for Rainbow, and she started to pee in her shorts uncontrollably. She blushed, feeling embarrassed that she was wetting herself for the first time in... probably since she was out of diapers.

The horse sniffed and looked over to Rainbow Dash to see her peeing herself. The horse couldn't resist. It walked beside Rainbow Dash and lifted its leg.

"Nooooooooo!" cried Rainbow Dash.

She was still peeing when a torrential yellow stream sprayed her, drenching her within seconds. After about ten seconds she tried to stand up but fell back on her butt as the pee continued to shower her. She got on her knees and started crawling forward, barely able to move out of shock and embarrassment, but the horse adjusted its aim to follow her.

"Whoa, nelly!" said Applejack, chuckling. "That horse really needed to go!"

They both finished peeing about 30 seconds after Rainbow started crawling. Rainbow Dash was dripping wet and smelled strongly of urine. There wasn't a single dry spot left on her.

Applejack blushed. "Have a nice shower, Rainbow?"

"No." Rainbow was blushing beet red.

Applejack patted her pee-soaked butt lightly. "Don't worry, sugarcube. I'll start a bath for you."

She filled a wooden tub with soapy water, threw Rainbow Dash into it fully clothed, and started to scrub her with soap.

"I'll get that pee smell out lickety split!"

*002*2018-04-03 04:35

@Melificentfan

You know, I never feel nervous when I see you've replied to one of my stories.

*004*2018-04-03 05:30

Not a lot of people with the same fetishes on fimfiction think so. But I appreciate when people do.

