Azula and TyLee's ember Island adventure

Author: TJC

*000*2013-10-18 01:53

Before reading: This is a Tyzula fanfiction of avatar the last airbender. It takes place on ember island, in the house the group was staying at, shortly after the episode "The beach". I got the idea for an Avatar fanfiction from foxlover after reading their story "Horny and desperate:An Avatar: The last airbender fanfic" and I would just like to give a shout out to them. without further adoo, my story:

It was a hot, beautiful day on Ember Island. The sun was blazing, not a cloud in the sky and an abundance of vacationers enjoying a day at the beach. Mai and Zuko had gone to the beach for a date and Lo and Li were catching a play by the ember island players. That left just Azula and Ty Lee, alone and bored. Ty Lee was wearing her white bikini that caressed her tantalizing breasts. Azula looked equally stunning in her red bikini and beautiful black hair let down.

Ty Lee was lying on a couch; head sloped over an armrest bored out of her mind. Azula was with her, she however was keeping busy practicing master level firebending forms. Due to the extreme heat of the day both girls were making sure to stay very hydrated. “Ugh, I can’t take it anymore Azula. I’m sooo bored, and it’s sooo hot. Why don’t we go out and do something?”

“How dare you disrupt my training!? You simpleton! Can’t you find something to amuse your mentally deficient brain with?” Azula snarled angrily. Embarrassed and feeling like a young child scolded by their mother in front of their friends, Ty Lee managed an apology. “I’m sorry Azula. I was just hoping to get to spend some time with you on this vacation... I enjoy spending time with you.”

“Well the feeling isn’t mutual! Why don’t you go amuse yourself by banging two pots together or whatever you like to do, circus freak!” Ty Lee left the room, tears falling from her eyes.

Ty Lee went up to the guest room she was sleeping in and plopped herself on her bed, sulking in tears. Her best friend since childhood, practically her sister just announced their dislike for her presence. Azula was usually quite cruel as far as friends go but she never said anything like this before. This was scarring news for Ty lee, who had a deep admiration for Azula. Actually, it was a lot more than admiration. Though Ty Lee would never admit it to anyone, much less Azula, she had a major crush on the cruel but alluring princess. As Ty Lee lay sulking she fantasized about Azula as she often did. She dreamed of her beautiful face, her irresistible ass, she fantasized about kissing Azula, and Azula kissing her back. They would then undress each other and begin gently massaging each other’s ample breasts before again sharing a passionate kiss as they caressed each other.

Ty Lee’s fantasy made her feel a lot better about the earlier incident and in fact was making her quite horny. Her erotic fantasies however, came to a halt when she realised she needed to pee, bad. Ty Lee looked at her sun dial and realised she’d been fantasising for hours, and all the water she’d been drinking had finally caught up with her. Naturally Ty Lee got up and headed for the bathroom.

Ty Lee got about half way to the toilet when she saw Azula. “Oh, um hey Azula...” Ty Lee was expecting to be mocked or perhaps scolded but she was not prepared for what she was about to hear. “Um Ty Lee... About earlier, I’d just like ... to apologise...” Ty Lee was stunned and couldn’t believe her ears. “I’m sorry, could you repeat that?”

“I was a huge jerk, I’m sorry for what I said. The truth is I was just angry With Lo and Li, they said I need to improve on some of my forms... How can they expect improvement among perfection?!” Ty Lee was amazed at what she had heard. Usually on her nicest days, Azula could barely manage to be somewhat human-like, apologising was unheard of. Ty Lee would normally be ecstatic to have Azula show her kindness, but her urgent need to pee forced her to be a little aloof.

“Thanks Azula, but if you’ll excuse me I gotta go... Literally.” Ty Lee couldn’t help but have her knees buckle and slightly shift weight from foot to foot due to her desperation. “ Hmm I can tell by the bulge in your bladder that you’re quite desperate. Well so am I.” Ty Lee could tell she needed to pee by a quick glance at her bladder. Both girls had drank much water due to the heat but neither one had yet gone to the washroom “How about we make things interesting...”

“W-What do you mean Azula?” Ty Lee asked nervously. “Well you said you wanted to spend time with me so here’s my deal: We’re both dying for a pee. If you can hold it in longer than I can I’ll spend a whole day with you doing whatever you want” Ty Lee could not believe her luck. Desperation was her biggest turn-on, well biggest accept for Azula’s shapely body. The combination of both was something Ty Lee could only attain in her wildest fantasies. “Sounds great!” Ty Lee exclaimed trying not to sound too enthused with the idea. Azula, in reality just wanted to see Ty Lee humiliate herself. Azula for some cruel reason always enjoyed seeing her friends in humiliating situations, but none more than Ty Lee. She knew Ty Lee’s squirrel sized bladder couldn’t outlast her bladder of steel. In addition, albeit having a rather swollen bladder, Azula’s desperation wasn’t too severe compared to her friend’s extreme desperation. Ty Lee wouldn’t stand a chance.

Both girls went into the living room, the most spacious of the rooms and began their contest. Still in their bikinis the bursting beauties began quite calmly. They sat on the couch reading firebending scrolls to pass the time, with little indication of desperation, absolutely none from Azula and the occasional leg twitch or crotch grab from Ty Lee. Ty Lee couldn’t believe her luck. A holding contest with Azula was her biggest fantasy. She pretended to be reading the scroll but in actuality she was passing the time taking glances at Azula, waiting to see her show signs of desperation and thinking of all that pee in her bladder Azula must be dying to release. Azula too was ignoring her scroll and couldn’t help throwing a few gazes at Ty Lee.

She enjoyed seeing her friend squirm in her tight little bikini. This however was a different feeling to Azula than the usual one of joy from another’s misery, she was not just getting pleasure from Ty Lee’s pain but she was getting aroused. Azula never really thought of her friend sexually before but now she couldn’t help but notice Ty Lee’s large breast and perfect curve,s her adorable face and ample ass. The desperation, originally intended just to bring Ty Lee pain was now arousing Azula. Azula’s eyes were glued to the bursting acrobat as she jiggled her leg or as her breasts squeezed together while she put her hands in between her legs.

As time progressed the desperation grew. Even Azula’s steel bladder was reaching its limits now. Both girls had abandoned their scrolls completely to focus on containing the yellow rivers within them. By now even Azula was putting her hands in between her legs and bouncing up and down. “Ugh, her bladder’s stronger than I thought!” Azula thought to herself. “I must find some way to make her piss herself.” Azula got up and got 2 cups from the kitchen. She poured the water from one cup into the other repeatedly to mimic the sound of urine. “Pssss! Hey, Ty Lee, doesn’t this remind you of waterfalls, and rain and waterbenders... Makes ya’ kind of wish you could unleash your own torrent of liquid doesn’t it? Well you can, you have an ocean within you just dying to get out. Wooooosh! Wooooosh!”

“Stop it Azula. That trick won’t work on me!” Though sounding confident Ty Lee knew this was not true, Azula’s trick was getting to her. Her legs squeezed together, her breasts nearly pouring out her bikini as her hands pressed tightly against her bladder. She closed her eyes as beads of sweat began to form. The poor girl was dying for the toilet.

A little while more had passed and now both girls were approaching their limits. Ty Lee was managing to hold on quite nicely while Azula’s need to pee was rapidly increasing. Both girls were now standing, jumping up and down, hunching over and doing anything and everything to hold it in. Azula was bending over and Ty Lee could see her breasts convulsing slightly as Azula desperately fought her bladder. Suddenly something came over her. Ty Lee reached out and grabbed Azula’s boob.

She quickly pulled her hand back expecting to get scolded but instead Azula returned the favor. Both girls then kissed passionately, their rock hard bladders rubbing against each other as their hands groped each other’s ample breasts. Both girls felt a mixture of pleasure and pain from their screaming bladders. “Ugh!!! I-I can’t hold on anymore!” Azula was done. A massive stream flew through her pussy as she let a massive si of relief. “Well, it looks like I won Azula... I’ll just go to the washroom now and then plan out our super fun day tomorrow.”

“Oh no, your not getting off that easily.” Ty Lee suddenly became nervous as a devious smile formed on the wet princesse face. Out of nowhere she began tickling Ty Lee. “No! Ha ha! Pl-Please sto-ahaha!” Azula was torturing the sexy Ty Lee in her most desperate stage. Ty Lee of course could not hold it against the masterful fingers of her torturer. Ty Lee showed a big expression of relief on her face as she let her urine out.

When both girls emptied their bladders they began kissing again. Touching each other’s breast, rubbing each other’s asses. This was a very arousing first day for Tyzula, the first of many to come for the beauties of the fire nation.

