Azumanga Daioh Stories

Author: Tsu

*000*2013-11-15 03:18

So I decided to create a separate topic for the other Azumanga Daioh stories I had planned. So far I have one written, but I hope to have more done soon. The first one will be posted here; updates will come in the form of new posts.

I own none of these characters except my OC, Tooru.

Chapter 1: En Garde!

{{: 

Interesting moments happened in her life. It all started after school on a hot summer afternoon, Chiyo was walking home after a long day. Walking next to her was her study partner that day: A young boy named Tooru. Chiyo had promised him that she would tutor him after school and get him caught up on his studies. They only knew each other for a few days, but they were already good friends. Not to the same degree as Miruchi and Yuka, but nevertheless, they got along greatly.

After arriving home and finishing their studies, Chiyo and Tooru decided it was a good idea to play out in the backyard before Tooru’s parents came to pick him up. After running a few laps around the house, a familiar feeling came to Chiyo.

“Excuse me a minute.” Chiyo said. “I need to go tinkle.”

“Alright, do what you have to do.” Tooru said. Chiyo just smiled as she ran behind the house.

Tooru grew suspicious. Why would she run to the other side to go to the bathroom? After all, the closest bathroom was right by the front door. Tooru walked up and peered around the corner to see an unusual sight: Chiyo had her pants lowered partway down and had her hands on her privates.

“What are you doing?” Tooru asked. Chiyo just jumped back startled.

“What are you…? Don’t look at me while I’m going pee!” Chiyo shouted blushing.

“You pee in your backyard?” Tooru asked. “Standing up?”

“My parents don’t mind.” Chiyo said. “I do it all the time.”

“Yeah right.” Tooru laughed. “Girls can’t pee standing up. Girls have vaginas, just like my big sister.”

“Really?” Chiyo said. “I have a vagina and I can pee standing up.”

“I’ll tell you what.” Tooru said. “Let’s have a swordfight. If you can get me wet just once, I’ll come over to your house every day for the rest of the year for a study session. If not, you have to flunk your next three tests.”

“You’re on.” Chiyo said. “What’s a swordfight?”

“We aim our pee streams to see who can get the other person wet while crossing our streams.” Tooru said. “You ready?”

“Definitely.” Chiyo said confidently as she spread her labia and thrust her hips.

“Let’s go!” Tooru said unzipping his pants and taking out his uncircumcised penis and pulling back his foreskin.

Just then, they both released a stream of urine that arched forward in front of them. Tooru swung his penis side to side while Chiyo rocked her hips as both their streams hit each other. As far as they shot, they could only do as much as hit each other’s stream like swords. Eventually, Chiyo aimed her labia slightly and managed to splash a bit on Tooru’s shoes, much to the latter’s shock.

“You lose.” Chiyo said squatting down and finishing up her pee.

“Fine…” Tooru said finishing up and shaking the last few drops out. “I’ll be over tomorrow right after school.”

“Hold on. There’s something else I want you to do.” Chiyo said standing up with her pants and underwear still down.

“What is it?” Tooru asked.

Chiyo just pointed at her pee-soaked vagina.

“Wipe it.” Chiyo said.

“No way!” Tooru said.

“You want me to tell the school you lost a peeing contest to a girl?” Chiyo asked.

Tooru just sighed.

“I’ll get the toilet paper.”

“No you won’t.” Chiyo said.

“How am I supposed to wipe you with no toilet paper?” Tooru asked.

“Figure it out.” Chiyo smirked.

Tooru just sighed again. He just took the collar of his sleeve and wiped it against the wet folds of skin that made up the place she peed from.

“Good job.” Chiyo said pulling her pants and underwear back up.

“Never mention this again.” Tooru said walking inside.

‘Don’t worry, I won’t have to…’ Chiyo thought to herself as she ran around, elated over her accomplishment.

}}

*002*2013-12-26 19:28

New story ready. Sorry for the delay, college and whatnot has been getting in the way recently.

Chapter 2: Tatte Oshikko

It was a nice summer afternoon. Chiyo-chan and her family were going on a long car trip to their nice summer home by the beach. She had been looking forward to this for a long time and couldn’t wait to get there. However, that excitement combined with her attempts to keep hydrated during such a long trip on a hot day had begun to take its toll. About halfway through, Chiyo needed to go to the bathroom. Badly. There was nothing in the car she could use as a makeshift toilet and she didn’t want to have to ask if she could pee on the side of the road. They were already going to stop to get gas anyway, so she had no reason to ask for a quick pee break.

After reaching the service station, Chiyo hopped out of the car and made her way inside, hobbling quickly with her hands covering her crotch. Once inside, she decided to ask the clerk for assistance.

“Excuse me.” Chiyo asked. “May I use your bathroom?”

“Sorry.” The clerk said. “The restroom is for paying customers only.”

“But I really have to go.” Chiyo whined hopping up and down in desperation.

“No money, no go.” The clerk said. “Store policy.”

“Hold on a moment.” Chiyo said.

Immediately she ran back to the car and asked her mother and father if they could give her some change. After receiving a few coins, she took them and ran back into the station and placed the money on the counter.

“What can I buy with 210 yen?” Chiyo asked.

“You can get a bottle of water from the fridge back there.” The clerk said. “It’s right next to the restroom.”

“Thank you Ma’am.” Chiyo said hobbling away and making her way to the restroom.

At the other end of the building, she saw a door with the letters ‘W.C.’, she immediately knew that this was the place she was looking for. She then opened the door, walked inside, closed and locked the door and turned on the light. The restroom was nothing fancy: Just a plain unisex bathroom with one toilet and urinal and a sink with soap and paper towels. Still clutching her private area, she waddled towards the toilet and prepared to do her business, but paused when she took a closer look: The toilet was all dirty; barely any water and with past excrement still visible. She couldn’t pee in that. Even if she did it standing, she’d have to look to see where she was aiming, and she didn’t want to look at what was in that toilet.

She just hopped over to the urinal, which she saw was much cleaner. She had peed standing up several times, but being a girl, she never had the opportunity of trying a urinal. Chiyo wondered how hard it could be; she had already practiced aiming on trees, rocks and anthills and this urinal was just the right height for her. Standing in front of the urinal, she lowered her panties down to her knees, hiked the front of her dress partway up, and spread her legs apart. As she was getting to the next steps, she began to sing a song to herself; a song she would sing when she was first starting to learn how to pee standing.

“Tatte oshikko, tatte oshikko.

Mazu anata ga mezashi-go, hirogatta.”

“Ta bakari kutsurogu.” She spoke.

She then spread her labia apart and moved them around to get a better aim. Immediately she relaxed and a nice clear stream of pee flowed from her aching bladder and into the porcelain container below. Chiyo just sighed in sweet relief as she continued her song.

“Tatte oshikko, tatte oshikko.

Tinkuru, tinkuru, kahō ni ima, koreijō.”

“Kurīn suru jikan.” She spoke again

Chiyo’s peeing immediately slowed down and her stream now consisted of just a few drops. She then let go of her labia and walked over to the toilet paper dispenser. She grabbed a few squares and began to wipe off the drops of pee deep in the slit between the two folds of skin. She then sang the last verse.

“Fui to jōge. Fui to jōge.

Wareware wa ima, kireidesu.”

Now that she was all clean, she wadded up the toilet paper and threw it in the trash.

“Doresu to furasshu shi, anata wa sore o yatta!”

She then pulled up her panties, straightened out her dress and flushed the urinal. She then washed and dried her hands, left the bathroom, got her bottle of water from the fridge and paid for it.

“Did you make it?” The clerk asked.

Chiyo just nodded, smiling.

“Good job.” The clerk said. “I could tell you really needed that.”

Chiyo then went back to the car where her parents were waiting for her and got inside. As the car drove off, she took the cap off her water bottle and took a nice large swig of water. She looked at the bottle and thought it would be best to keep it in the car when it’s empty. After all, it could come in handy.

###

Translation of Chiyo’s song (Japanese lyrics to be sung to the tune of ‘Tsukurimashou” (Chiyo’s cooking song)).

Verse 1: Pee standing up, pee standing up.

First you spread, then you aim.

(Spoken) Now just relax.

Verse 2: Pee standing up, pee standing up.

Tinkle, tinkle, down below now no more.

(Spoken) Time to clean.

Verse 3: Wipe up and down. wipe up and down.

We're now nice and clean.

(Spoken) Dress and flush and you did it!

*004*2014-01-18 23:50

New story up (and a long one at that, so this will be kept in a spoiler tag).

Chapter 3: Desperate Schoolday

{{: 

It was a hot spring day in the city of Tokyo. Even for this area and time of year, it was unusually hot. Across the city, people were sweating like crazy and complaining about the heat, whether it was walking on the sidewalks or stuck in traffic. In Miss Yukari’s classroom, the students had it worse than anyone: The class’s A/C unit had been on the fritz for days and the school wasn’t due to fix it until next week, which by then, the heat wave would’ve cleared up and it wouldn’t matter as much. Because of this, the students were allowed to bring their own water bottles in order to stay hydrated and focused on the lessons at hand.

Chiyo-chan had it worse. Being the young 10-year old girl she was, she needed more fluids than anyone in order to keep her small body properly hydrated. So much so that her parents packed her an entire liter of water filled with ice alongside her usual bento box. However, after a certain feeling came to young Chiyo, she realized that such a large quantity of water being consumed by such a small person would have its effects; effects that call for drastic measures to be taken care of. Chiyo decided she might as well excuse herself to take care of herself before things got out of hand.

“So as we can see by this sentence structure here, the emphasis is placed directly on this word here; the direct object, and…Yes, Chiyo-chan?” Miss Yukari said noticing Chiyo’s hand in the air.

“May I go to the bathroom?” Chiyo asked.

“Surely you can hold it in for five minutes.” Miss Yukari said dryly as she turned back to her lesson. “Now as I was saying…”

But Yukari’s voice trailed off as Chiyo’s attention was focused on the clock in the middle of the room. It was five minutes until the lunch break, no big deal; her bladder was strong enough to maintain its composure until the bell rings. Of course, this was easier said than done.

As the seconds ticked away, the pressure in Chiyo’s bladder grew and grew. It didn’t help that she could hear the sloshing sound of water bottles being picked up and swigged by her peers. To add insult to injury, the last example sentence Miss Yukari was using involved water and rivers. This was too much; Chiyo just leaned forward with her legs pressed together, drumming her fingers on her desk. She thought for sure she wasn’t going to make it until…

Dong-Ding-Ding-Dong.

Dong-Dong-Ding-Dong.

The familiar sound of the Westminster chimes that made up the school bell rang and Chiyo immediately gunned out the door, full throttle. But not before facing her sensei and bowing (she may be desperate, but she was still polite).

“Shitsure Shimasu” Chiyo quickly said bowing and running out of the classroom.

Chiyo just bolted down the halls, hands pressed against her crotch as she desperately made her way to the nearest bathroom. She reached it after a few seconds, but was distraught when she read the sign pasted on the door.

“Oh, ‘Out of Order’?” Chiyo said to herself, bouncing up and down. “There has to be another bathroom here.”

She then turned her head to see the boys’ bathroom right next to the girls’, completely clean and operable. Chiyo knew better than to sneak into the boys’ room, but this was an emergency. Besides, she was sure nobody would notice her. She then hobbled her way into the boys’ room but paused when she saw a few boys at the urinals and sinks stare at her in confusion.

“What the…?” Some of the boys muttered.

“My mistake. I thought this was the girls’ bathroom.” Chiyo lied, blushing. “I’ll just be on my way now.”

“Little girl, wait…” One of the boys said. But Chiyo was already out of earshot.

Still desperate, Chiyo ran down the hall, looking desperately for another restroom for her to use. Eventually, she found one. However, like before, it came with a catch: There was a line that stretched for nearly ten feet in front of the door. Chiyo decided to ask what the hold up was.

“Excuse me, but what’s going on?”

“Two of the toilets broke down and one is being occupied by a girl with really bad food poisoning, so it’s going to be a long wait.” One of the girls said.

“You’ve got to be kidding me!” Chiyo said hopping in place with her legs pressed together.

“Hey, you’re not the only one who has to pee here.” The girl said irately. “So suck it up like the rest of us.”

Chiyo had no choice. After all, how much longer could it be? However, she would find out the hard way. Minutes passed, but the line only moved so slowly as the pain in Chiyo’s bladder only got worse. Only after another minute of waiting did Chiyo decide enough was enough.

“I can’t take this!” Chiyo exclaimed as she bolted out of line.

“What choice do you have?” The other girl asked. “This is the only available bathroom on this floor. You’ll have to hike up a whole flight of stairs to use the other restrooms.”

“I’ll think of something!” Chiyo said still running.

Chiyo, still desperate, debated with herself if it was worth it to go up the stairs to use the bathrooms there. But Chiyo knew she couldn’t possibly make it up all those stairs, not with her bladder aching so much. Chiyo just leaned forward, grasping her crotch; she had to find someway to relieve herself. To her, it seemed like every time she had a potty emergency, she had no choice but to use something other than a toilet. Was it just her bad misfortune or a coincidence? Either way, she was to distracted by her bladder to think about it.

Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed a small bonsai tree growing in a small pot on the floor. She just eyed the tree. Could this be her toilet? No, not at a school. But Chiyo had no time to hesitate. She then looked both ways to see if anyone was coming up. When the coast seemed clear, she just casually made her way to the tiny shrub, squatted down with her legs spread, adjusted her skirt, pulled her panties to the side and smiled and relief was finally imminent. Just as she was about to relax…

“Miss Mihama!” She heard a voice shout. Chiyo immediately let go of her panties and stood up, seeing that the voice in question belonged to Miss Kurosawa, the P.E. teacher.

“What are you doing?” She shouted.

“Oh, nothing.” Chiyo stammered. “I was just…”

“You weren’t just about to take a leak on that tree, were you?” Miss Kurosawa asked.

“Oh that? No.” Chiyo said nervously. “I just dropped a few hundred yen by this tree and I was just reaching down to pick it up.”

“Let me see.” Miss Kurosawa said sternly.

“Oh okay.” Chiyo said. Fortunately, she did have some spare change on her. She then pulled out a few hundred yen in coins and showed it to the teacher.

“Okay then.” Miss Kurosawa said walking away. “You wouldn’t believe how many students here do their business anywhere but the bathroom; I have enough problems with the pool as it is. But I know you know better than that.”

After the coast was clear, Chiyo just made her way down the hall.

‘That was too close, I think I felt myself leak a bit in my panties.” Chiyo thought to herself. “I gotta find someplace else more private.”

She then went over the remaining options in her head: The trashcans were out of the question, as they were too out in the open. The pool was too far away; she’d never make it. Plus if she came back soaking wet, the students and teachers would suspect something. The cans in the vending machines were too small to hold all her urine; it would cost more money than she had. Oh, if only she hadn’t thrown away that water bottle. She was perfectly capable of aiming in a bottle like a boy, but it never occurred to her to keep it with her.

That left two options: the supply closet or the courtyard. Chiyo remembered how her friend Tooru really had to pee one day, so he snuck into the janitor’s closet and peed in the mop bucket. Unfortunately for him, he was caught midway through his pee and was forced into a caning and a week of detention. Chiyo didn’t want that to happen to her. Besides, she knew custodians already had it rough; she didn’t need to add insult to injury.

That left only one option remaining: The courtyard.

Chiyo just dashed down the hall once again, trying oh so hard to keep the pent-up liquids from pouring out and causing an accident. Just as the end seemed near, it happened: Chiyo had found the courtyard and to her surprisingly good luck, it was completely clear, nobody in sight.

Chiyo just gasped, quietly and happily, eyes shimmering, as she focused entirely on the largest bush in the courtyard. To her, it seemed to be giving off some sort of positive and radiant energy, as if it was calling out to her, telling her to go ahead and sprinkle the ground below. It wouldn’t mind, it would be honored that Chiyo chose it as the place where she would release her offerings and in turn, find true happiness.

Taking advantage of the situation, she immediately hobbled over to the bush; hands still pressed against her crotch, faced the bush, pulled down her skirt and panties, and squatted down.

At first came dead silence as she started to relax and come to terms with the fact that Chiyo had finally found a place to pee. After a few seconds of relaxation, it happened…

It started as a few drops, then a small trickle, but then out came a full blast of pee, shooting right out of her urethra and making contact with the ground below. It was like a rainstorm that started out as a small drizzle, quietly pattering on the ground, and grew to a full flash flood, drenching everything in a torrential downpour with a loud splashing. With her bladder shrinking; finally getting the sweet relief it was begging for, Chiyo just tilted her head back, eyes partially closed and let out the loudest sigh in relief.

“Ahhhh, so gooood.” Chiyo said immersed in the permeating sound of the pee pounding the ground below. “That feels soooooo gooooooood…letting that all come out.”

After nearly a couple minutes, she looked down at the slit between her legs and saw that her pee was still pouring out in a completely crystal clear stream, an obvious sign of the amount of liquids she had drunk prior.

“Wow…” Chiyo said still staring at her vagina, watching her pee come out of her urethra and make its way to the ground. “Look at all that pee. It’s been like two minutes and it’s still coming out of there.”

Chiyo just sighed again; she now knew the feeling of pure euphoria at its greatest. Just then, her pee stream, which had been so strong for the past moment, was finally beginning to die down. It went back to a small trickle and then back to a few drops.

Drip. Drip. Drip…Drip…Drip…….Drip. Drip.

Once she was sure the last drop had fallen, she looked at how soaked her vagina was, from the pee that had splashed back and hit the surface of her lower lips, to the wetness that still remained on her slit near her urethra. With nothing to clean herself with, she just took a leaf from the bush and wiped her vagina clean of any wetness. She then pulled up her panties and skirt, stood up and thrust her fists in the air in celebration.

“Wow, Chiyo-chan, that was amazing.” She heard a familiar voice say.

Her elation disappeared as she saw her four friends standing by the bush: Sakaki and Yomi were both too embarrassed to say anything, but Tomo and Osaka were just in awe.

“What are you doing here?” Chiyo asked confused.

“When you ran out of Yukari’s room, you left your bag behind.” Tomo said. “We noticed you were heading behind that bush…”

“…but we didn’t know you were going pee.” Yomi said, now finding the courage to speak.

“Lemme see, lemme see!” Tomo said pushing everyone aside and looked behind the bush.

There, clear as day, was the large foamy puddle that was created by Chiyo in relief, complete with cascading streams and a crumpled up leaf. Osaka nudged her head in to get a look as well.

“Wow, Chiyo-chan.” Osaka said in awe. “You must’ve really really had to pee.”

“You made that?” Tomo exclaimed, pointing at the puddle. “I never would’ve guessed a little girl like you could hold so much urine. I’m twice as tall, and I’ve never made that much in one go.”

“You are so immature.” Yomi responded to Tomo.

“Um, thanks.” Chiyo said bashfully.

“And to do it out in the open, that was so bold.” Osaka said.

“How long were you holding it? How much did you drink? How did it feel peeing someplace other than a toilet?” Tomo asked along with many other questions. Embarrassed, Chiyo tried to duck out but came face to face with another familiar face she hoped she wouldn’t bump into.

There stood Miss Kurosawa, eyes narrowed, noticeably angry, staring down at the young girl. Chiyo just looked up and smiled innocently.

“Young lady, you have some explaining to do!” She said harshly.

Just then, one of the boys came running up to the courtyard.

“Chiyo-chan, there you are.” Chiyo looked up and recognized him as one of the boys from the restroom she tried to use. “I wanted to tell you, if you really needed to pee, all you had to do was say so. We could’ve let you used our toilets and we wouldn’t tell anyone.”

Chiyo’s eyes just widened in shock at this revelation. If she weren’t so embarrassed, she wouldn’t be in this mess.

“Well your services are no longer needed. Chiyo-chan here managed to find her own private bathroom.” Miss Kurosawa said. She then turned to Chiyo and glared at her. “Didn’t you, Chiyo-chan?”

“Yes.” Chiyo sighed. “I used the school’s bushes as a toilet when I wasn’t supposed to.”

“Come with me, Chiyo-chan. You are in big trouble.” Miss Kurosawa said grabbing the poor girl’s arm.

Dejected, Chiyo just walked alongside her teacher, ready to face what punishment would be dished out at her.

“Well, you could say this ended well in every way.” Tomo said genially.

“How did this end well in any way?” Yomi asked.

“Chiyo-chan was able to go to the bathroom and she didn’t get away scott-free.” Tomo said. “Justice does work.”

“Tomo, you’re so mean.” Osaka said walking away alongside Sakaki and Yomi.

“Hey, wait up. I was only kidding.” Tomo said, trying to catch up to her friends.

The four girls then continued on with their afternoon classes while Chiyo, meanwhile, ended up spending the afternoon (and most likely many more) in the library, serving out her detention.

In the end though, any kind of punishment beats the potential humiliation of having any kind of accident in public.

}}

