(4) Shower

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-06-05 10:35

Harry was still embarrassed about what happened but Draco made him feel better. They had been kissing in the bathroom stall for a while when suddenly they heard someone come in.

Fuck...

'Malfoy! Potter!' A voice yelled.

It was Snape!

Harry and Draco stopped kissing and Draco buttoned up his shirt again. Shit...

'I know you are there!' Snape said.

'So don't try to hide from me.'

Harry and Draco looked at each other.

'It's gonna be okay.' The blonde boy whispered.

'I can hear you!' Snape yelled.

His footsteps were now coming closer.

'If you do not open the door, I will do it for you!'

Draco winked at Harry, it looked like he knew what he was doing. Harry hoped that at least.

Malfoy opened the door of the bathroom stall and Snape stood right in front of them.

'What are you two doing in that bathroom stall together?' He asked, annoyed and surprised at the same time.

'I had to help Harry with his belt.' Malfoy said calm.

'Ohh.' Answered Snape fake surprised. 'So Potter can't undo his own belt?'

Harry felt so stupid. He was still standing there with his wet trousers and he started to feel bad again.

Malfoy ignored Snape's comment.

'I don't think you'll be able to come back to class like this, Potter.' Severus said then. 'Go to your room and get yourself cleaned up.'

Harry just nodded his head.

'And you Draco, you come back to class.'

Malfoy looked annoyed. He didn't want to go back to class. He wanted to stay with Harry, they were having such a nice time...

'But sir...' Draco tried. 'Remember what the nurse told? I need to stay with Harry in case he needs something...'

Snape sighed.

'Fine. Just get out of my eyes, both of you!'

Harry and Draco didn't say anything anymore and walked out of the bathrooms.

Malfoy grinned while they were walking down the hallway, going to their rooms.

'Are you really coming with me?' Harry asked, kinda worried.

'You don't want me to?' Malfoy asked with a fake sad face. He knew Harry didn't mean it like this.

'Of course I want you to come!' Harry answered. 'But...what if someone sees you?'

Malfoy didn't think about that. He was in Slytherin and Harry in Gryffindor so he had to go into the Gryffindor rooms. He knew you weren't allowed to come into other houses rooms but everyone was in class so no one would notice right?

'I don't care. No one will find us.' He said winking at Harry.

Harry forced a smile but he wasn't so sure...

They walked to the Gryffindor bedrooms and when Harry was in his room that he shared with Ron and Neville he got some new underwear, trousers and another robe.

It was kinda awkward since Draco didn't know how "far" he could go...

'I'll wait here then...' He said when Harry wanted to walk to the private bathroom all the way in the back of the room.

Harry looked at him and realized it was too dangerous.

'No you can't.' He said quickly. 'If someone sees you we're screwed...'

Malfoy looked at him.

'What do you want me to do then?' He asked, like he really didn't know!

Harry knew he had no other choice...

'Just come in the bathroom with me...but don't look okay?'

Draco nodded his head.

'Okay I won't.'

Harry got into the bathroom and Draco followed him.

It was pretty awkward. Harry was standing there, embarrassed because he had to take of his (wet) clothes.

He turned at Draco.

'Oh yeah I'll turn around.' He said.

He obviously didn't want to but he knew Harry was shy.

Carefully Harry started taking off his clothes. He dropped his drenched trousers and boxers on the floor and walked to the shower. He closed the curtain behind him and tried to relax. He was so nervous now Draco was around!

Malfoy had turned back around since Harry was behind the shower curtain. He looked at the boy's wet pants and underwear and couldn't help but thinking it was hot.

He actually needed to pee quite bad as well now... There was a toilet in the bathroom but he was kinda shy using it when Harry was in the same room. He just could hold it.

He hoped Harry would hurry a little...

Draco leaned against the wall looking at the ceiling when Harry suddenly turned on the water.

This was definitely not good for his bladder. It only made him have to go worse.

Harry was now standing under the shower, hot water was running and he finally relaxed. He even forgot that Draco was still there.

Which caused him to take his time...

Malfoy was now starting to get desperate and he started squirming a little. He just really had to go... He looked at the toilet, it was so close... But Harry was there and...he just couldn't do it.

'Harry?' He asked then.

'Uh...yes?'

'Are you almost done?'

Harry was now washing his hair.

'Not yet...why?'

'Oh nothing, just asking.'

'Okay.'

Clearly Harry wasn't aware of Draco's need to use the toilet.

The blonde boy hoped he would hurry...

When Harry finished washing his hair he turned on the water again to rinse it.

The running water caused Draco's bladder to cramp. He closed his eyes and tried to concentrate on holding it, squeezing his thighs together.

'Come on, Potter...' He whispered, not aware that Harry could hear it.

'What?' Harry asked suddenly.

'Huh?' Draco opened his eyes again. Quickly he looked at his pants to see but luckily there wasn't any damage...at least not yet...

'You were talking to me?' Harry said.

'No I wasn't!' Draco answered kinda annoyed. His growing need to pee made him nervous and he was clearly not good at hiding this.

'Ohh...I thought you...nevermind...'

Harry was now done rinsing his hair, he could've turned of the water but he realized he kinda needed to pee again...

Usually he would just get out of the shower and use the bathroom instead since it was kinda weird to just pee in the shower. At least for him. But now Draco was standing there and he wasn't going to pee right in front of him...

The water was running anyway...maybe he could just...

Harry closed his eyes and tried to relax, not thinking about Draco being in the bathroom with him.

It didn't take long before warm liquid started running down his legs. He was peeing and it felt so good.

Weird enough Harry enjoyed it... When he was done he opened his eyes again and turned off the water. He was done showering now. He wanted to get out when he realized Malfoy was standing there and he didn't have a towel...

'Eh...Draco?...' Harry asked shy.

Malfoy who was now squirming and holding his crotch got out of his concentration which caused him to start peeing a little...

'Fuck....' He cursed not thinking about Harry being in the same room.

'What?'

Harry was getting confused.

'Nothing...what's wrong?'

Harry's face appeared from behind the shower curtain.

'Can you please give me that towel?'

'Yeah sure...'

Draco tried to walk to the towel as casually as he could, grabbed it and handed it to Harry.

'Thanks.' Answered Harry who smiled.

Malfoy did his best to smile back.

Harry noticed the blonde boy was uncomfortable and couldn't help but asking him about it.

'Are you alright?'

Draco looked at him annoyed.

'Yes!'

The way he was standing there, shifting his weight and crossing his legs was telling something else.

'You sure?' Asked Harry who had now put the towel around his waist so everything that needed to be covered now was covered. It made him feel less uncomfortable.

Draco looked at him. This was the first time Harry had actually seen him shy... Usually he was arrogant and annoying. Even though he now knew he could be very nice and caring as well.

'I need to pee okay...' Draco admitted. He said it very quietly and Harry noticed a red blush on his pale face.

Harry smiled again.

'Why didn't you say that immediately? Just go, it doesn't matter.'

Malfoy looked down. Another wave of desperation hit him but he knew he wasn't going to be able to pee when Harry was around.

He crossed his legs tightly.

'It's not that...' He said quietly.' I can't go...'

'What do you mean? It doesn't bother me.' Harry tried to comfort him.

'No...its just...I can't go when you're around...I'm kinda...pee shy...'

Harry looked at him.

'Oh okay...I can stay here behind the shower curtain if you want. I won't look.'

He winked.

Draco forced a smile but Harry could see he was very uncomfortable.

'It's alright. I'll just wait till you're done.' He then answered.

'You sure?'

Draco nodded his head.

'Yeah. I can wait. I don't have to go that bad.'

'Okay.'

He knew he was lying to Harry. He didn't have to go that bad! Bullshit! He was about to wet himself but he just couldn't admit it. He was way too embarrassed to.

Draco hoped that Harry would hurry up because he knew that if his bladder started cramping again he wouldn't be able to take it...

When Harry was done drying himself he realized that he had to ask Draco to hand his fresh clothes.

'Eh..Draco?' He asked softly.

Malfoy tried his best to not sound annoyed.

'Yes?'

'I'm sorry but...can you please give me my clothes?'

Draco looked at the pile of clean clothes laying by the sink.

'Yeah.'

He walked to it, his legs pressed together to make sure he wouldn't lose it.

'There you go.'

'Thanks.' Harry answered.

He took a quick look at Malfoy who was now sorta doing the pee pee dance. Harry couldn't help but think it was kinda cute.

He wanted to get dressed and got back behind the shower curtain. Harry started off by putting on his boxers. That felt better. He wanted to put on his shirt when he suddenly heard Malfoy moaning.

'Ohh...no please...Ohhh fuck...'

Harry didn't think about it and got out of the shower, his pants and shirt still in his hands. Then he saw Draco leaning against the wall, his legs crossed and both of his hands holding his crotch.

'Are you alright?' Harry asked worried.

'No...'

Was he crying? Harry noticed tears run down the pale boy's face.

Malfoy didn't care anymore and let go of his crotch. The warm pee running into his underwear, all down his legs and forming a puddle on the floor.

'Ahhh...'

Harry didn't know what to do. The only thing he could do was watch. And ignore what was happening in his underwear. Something started to get big... Hopefully Malfoy wouldn't notice...

Harry watched as Malfoy relieved himself. When he finally was done he looked at Harry, wiping the tears from his face.

'Are you...'

'No! I'm not crying.' He cut him off. 'I just got something in my eye...'

Yeah right. Harry ignored it and walked up to him.

'It's okay...I know how it feels.'

Draco looked at him. Annoyed but embarrassed at the same time.

'Now I know how you feel...horrible.' Malfoy said quietly.

Harry felt sorry for him.

'Well...it was an accident...you couldn't help it.'

'I could've went to the toilet. But I couldn't cause I'm fucking pee shy!' Draco yelled, he started crying again.

Harry put his clothes back on the sink, he was standing there only in his boxers. He got closer the Draco and hugged him.

'It's okay. You can take a shower as well if you want.'

'Yeah..'

Suddenly they heard voices come from the room next to them.

'No, no idea Neville. You can ask him when he comes back. By the way, I need to use the bathroom real quick, I'll be right back.'

That was Ron's voice! Oh no!

Before they even could think of anything the bathroom door opened and the ginger stood right in front of them. He screamed when he say both of the boys standing there, hugging, almost kissing.

'What's wrong Ron?' Neville asked.

Ron didn't say anything. He looked at Harry and Draco with big eyes.

Harry had let go of Draco and stepped aside. He grabbed his clothes and held them in front of him.

'It's not what you think...'

'Bloody hell...'

'What's...'

Now also Neville came to see what was going on. He and Ron were standing in front of the bathroom door.

'Wow! What is Malfoy doing here?' Neville asked stupid.

'That's what I was wondering as well!' Answered Ron annoyed. He looked at Harry, then at the blonde boy who was so embarrassed he wished he could just disappear. He held his hands in front of his crotch trying to hide the wetness.

'It's not what you think...' Harry started again.

'Of course it isn't!' Ron yelled.

'You and Malfoy are in the bathroom together, and you're almost naked! Of course it's not what I think!'

Ron sounded so mad. Harry felt bad.

'Listen Ron. I wanted to talk to you about this... I can explain...'

Ron looked at him.

'I don't need your explanation, Harry. Just leave me alone!'

'But Ron...' Harry tried.

Ron walked into the bathroom.

'You heard me! And get Malfoy out of the bathroom please!'

Harry looked at Ron, then at Malfoy.

'Come on, baby. I think you need to go. Don't worry I'll come with you.'

He gave Ron an angry look and he and Malfoy walked out of the bathroom. Ron closed the door really hard.

'I'm sorry about what happened. Harry answered. 'It's my fault. I shouldn't have let you come to our room...'

Draco looked at him but didn't say anything.

Neville was still standing there, looking at both of them confused.

'Are you two a couple now?'

'Well....'

...

*002*2017-06-05 11:50

Yes I did ;) I've had them on my tablet my quite a while so it's copy pasting now haha

*004*2017-06-06 11:33

I'm glad you like it! I prefer male as well, always seems to be more interest in female tho, anyways I will be posting more of these;)

