Toorus Accident

Author: Tooru

*000*2012-10-13 13:54

Toorus Accident

(This Story based on the Anime A Channel)

Tooru is sitting on her Bed. It is Saturday, 12:00. She is wearing her Pajama.

Tooru watches her favorite TV show. Suddenly the bell rings. Tooru stand up and throws a blanket over. Then she goes to the door. She opens the door. Run-Chan stands there. Are you ill –Tooru? She asked. Hee? Eh no I’m not ill, I’m just wearing a pajama that’s all! Answered Tooru, I just don’t knew that it was you! Eh Run-Chan? Yes Tooru? Run says. It’s raining; don’t you like to come in? Eh, yes thank you Tooru. They go in. Eh Run-Chan, you are totally wet! Tooru said panicly. I have said you that I’m a rain girl. Run asked with a smile. Come in Run we must get you dry. Run Smiles and begin to laugh. Tooru you are so cute, especially when you take care of me. Run said. Tooru gets red.

The 2 going into the bath. Run-Chan can you dress out? I wouldn’t look to you I swear! Tooru said lightly embarrassed. Hihihihi Tooru we have bathed together so much times I haven’t got shame for you anymore! Run laughed. Run-Chan dressed out and Tooru sits in front of her. Suddenly Run goes in the direction of Tooru, packed her and pulls down her skirt. Totally embarrassed about this Tooru screamed: Run-Chan what are you doing!!! We have bathed together so much times and I think you can bath with me together! R-R-Run-Chan that you can’t say on another way? Ehm, no, why? Tooru smiled lightly and said: Ok Run-Chan I will let water in the bathtub. After Tooru did this they go in. She takes off her clothes and went into the bathtub. Run goes into the bathtub, too. Tooru are you tired? Run asked. Eh, no I’m not tired. She answered. Are you shamed about this? Run asked again?

Tooru looked in her Eyes, Run saw in her Eyes too, than Tooru looked in the Water. Tooru you are embarrassed about this, right? Run said. .....Eh ...y-yes a little bit. Tooru said. She gets Red again.

It´s not such a great thing, you know this. Run calmed. Y-yes I know this. She answered.

A-a-a-a-re you eh eh no this can´t be.... Run said quietly. What can´t be? Tooru asked. Nothing but.... a-are you embarrassed about to see me naked? Run asked. Now Run is getting a little red. E-e-e-eh (Tooru think: Ru-Run-Chan has founded out that I’m embarrassed about her breasts) hee I I I I think yes. Why you are embarrassed about to see me naked, perhaps about my breasts? Run asked. Tooru look into the water. I think yes. She said. Tooru it’s nothing about to shame, I know you haven´t breasts but it´s not embarrassed when you look on my. I think maybe it´s ok. Run said to Tooru. Eh eh Run-Chan y-you think it´s ok when I look on your breasts? Tooru asked frightened. Yes of course it´s not a big thing. Run answered. O-o-o-o-o-k R-r-r-r-un-Chan. Tooru said. Tooru are you cold. Yes Run-Chan, Let’s get out of the bathtub.

The 2 Girls went out of the bathtub. (Tooru thinks: Run-Chan is really cute....) Run-Chan have you got something you can wear? Eh? Hm I have totally forgot about this. Oh Run-Chan I haven’t clothes for you but, hmm...... just wait a moment. Tooru takes a towel over her crotch and went out of the bath. Tooru went into her room and opens her cabinet. She searches and searches and searches... Then she walks back into the bath. In her Hands she´s holding a blanket. Eh Tooru you mean this to wear? I have nothing to wear for you and I don’t think you would get out with no clothes and go to your home to get some in the rain, or would you? Eh no... Run takes the blanket and wrap it on her body.

They go into Toorus room. Suddenly Felix comes in really fast. The 2 Girls haven´t wear anything. Tooru and Run look into his direction while he saying: Tooru have you seen my..... eh....eh...eh.... The 2 saw him and directly holding their hands in front of their breasts and their vagina. Grrrrrr Felix I have said to you 1000 times you should knock. Eh o-o-ok sister I’m sorry about this. Felix close the door and goes into his room. Tooru, did he see something? Run asked nearly cried. I-I-I think yes. Run begins to cry quietly. Run-Chan he´s 14 you know about these guys. Yes Tooru but he-he-eh-he got a stiff.

He got what? Grrrrrr I will kill him. Tooru ran in the Room of Felix, sprinted to him and punched him in his face. You never will look on Run- Chan at one fucking another time. Then she gets into her Room back. Run-Chan looked at Tooru surprised. Tooru, I never heard you talk so. Ehhh, she did hear me? Tooru thinks. Ehhh so Run-Chan I was very angry to him and..... Tooru I understand. She answered. Than they dress up finally. After they dressed up, Tooru went down and took a DVD. They watched it. After some time Run feels that she needs to pee.

Tooru does feel the same at this moment. They ignored it. But after some Time they felt that they need to pee badly. They booth haven´t a strong bladder. Run began to moving her body. But Tooru tries to not letting run to know that she need to pee. After some Time Run nearly couldn’t hold it in. Tooru doesn´t realize that she leaked a little bit. But when she stand up after the movie was over she stretch her body and forget that she needed to pee. She leaked another time. Now she realized that she leaked.

She sat down on the bed and as Run looked away she checked her crotch and saw that it was wet so everyone could see that she leaked. Because she is wearing a pullover with too long sleeves she could throw it over her crotch and hide it. Run sat down beneath Tooru. Eh… Tooru, I think I have to pee. I will go to the Toilet. Run said. Okay Run, Tooru answered. Run went to the Bathroom. Tooru had to pee badly too but used to stay cool. 5 Minutes later Run wasn´t back from the Toilet. Tooru realized that she couldn´t hold it in any longer and holds her hand on her crotch. It doesn´t help so she peed herself 2 minutes later. Her hot pee flooded the complete bed and she began to cry…

To be continued…

I need to say that i am not from England so accept some grammatical Errors Thank you.

*002*2012-10-15 21:25

Felix is Toorus brother.

