(17) Fix me when I'm broken

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-25 09:03

Right after Snape had left Lucius got dressed and left his room. He needed to go and look for Draco. He realized he made a huge mistake...

What if something really bad had happened to him? He already lost his wife, he didn't want to lose his son as well....Draco was laying on the grass right beneath the window he just had jumped out. He landed badly and he hurt his foot. He didn't even know if he could get up. He was in so much pain...But he had to hurry, he knew Sirius and Wormtail would come and look for him soon. If they opened the door and noticed that he was gone..

Draco started panicking.He started breathing faster and moaned when he tried to get up. His foot hurt so bad... It was probably broken. What if he couldn't stand on it? Oh no...Draco was about to cry. He felt so miserable. He was so tired and in pain he didn't know if he had any strength left to ran away. He had to. He got this far now he had to hold on. It wouldn't take long anymore...

Draco bit his lip and closed his eyes. When he tried getting up again he noticed the blood running down his arm... The glass had cut him even more. He looked at it with disgust but didn't do anything. He managed to get up and he felt extremely dizzy. He hadn't eaten anything since....he didn't even know. The last time he ate was during lunch at Hogwarts but he didn't know for how long he had been gone now.

Suddenly he was thinking about Harry."Kill Harry Potter...."No...Tears ran down Draco's face and he suddenly heard voices.

'Where the hell is he, Wormtail?''Look...look at the window sir...''For Merlin's sake!'Shit...

Draco didn't have any time left now. He had to run. The adrenaline was taking over and he totally ignored the pain in his foot.Draco ran as fast as he could, he didn't even know where he was going. Without looking behind he ran and ran till he got out of breath.Draco slowed down but tried to keep going.He then looked behind but he couldn't see anything. He was all alone. On a road...close to a forest that probably wasn't the Forbidden Forest at all. Where did he have to go?

Draco felt a wave of panic and he started getting nauseous from the throbbing pain in his foot.Come on! He had to keep going!With all the power he had left Draco kept going, he walked into the forest just so he could make sure Sirius and Wormtail wouldn't find him but he knew he was making it even more difficult for himself. He had no idea where he was. He just felt horrible and he couldn't hold on anymore.

After five more very long minutes Draco gave up and sat down on the cold ground of the forest. He just couldn't do it anymore. His foot was hurting so badly. Draco took off his shoe and freaked out when he looked at his swollen foot.He probably wouldn't be able to put his shoe back on like this... It was so cold outside as well...Draco shivered and leaned against the tree. The cut from the glass in his arm was still bleeding and he tried to stop it by pressing his sock against it. How horrible. If his father saw him like this....

Suddenly he started thinking about his mom. It had been a long time but he now really missed her. She always used to be so caring. Making sure he was okay...She put him in bed every evening, kissing him on his forehead and telling him goodnight. Draco started crying again and closed his eyes.He just couldn't take it anymore. It didn't take long before he fell asleep and he started dreaming about his mom and Harry...and Voldemort...Lucius Malfoy was walking through the Forbidden Forest, looking for his son and got more worried every minute. He was holding his own wand and Draco's that Snape gave him. Desperately he looked at his son's wand.'Please Draco...please be okay...'After two long hours of walking, Lucius suddenly arrived at a road. It was all empty, there were no cars, no people. He was seriously getting more worried, cause he still hadn't found a sign of Draco. He began to think very bad things...

He felt bad himself as well. He shouldn't have been so hard on Draco. That poor boy....Lucius had to do his best not to cry. He suddenly saw a forest and walked in there. He almost had lost all hope when he then saw someone laying on the ground. Someone was hurt?Lucius walked closer and then realized who it was.'Draco....' He said with tears in his eyes.He looked at his son who was laying on the cold ground of the forest, curled up in a ball only wearing one shoe. A big cut in his arm.

'Oh my god... Draco!'Lucius kneeled and bended over to take a better look.Tears were running down his face. Draco was just laying there and didn't move at all.He wasn't....dead right?....Lucius felt horrible and grabbed Draco in panic and started shaking him.

'Draco....Draco!'When the boy didn't answer he got even more panicky and he started yelling.'Draco! Please Draco wake up!!'Just when he thought it was too late, the blonde boy slowly opened his eyes.'Draco...' Lucius yelled again.Draco looked at him.

It took him a while before he realized who it was. He first was scared cause he thought Sirius and Wormtail had found him. Then he remembered it was just a dream. He felt so weak. His body hurt everywhere.'Father....' Draco whispered.'Draco. Oh Draco.' His father started crying and helped Draco to sit against the tree.'Draco I thought you died... Are you okay? Are you hurt?'

Draco just looked at him. It took him a while before he could actually speak. He was in shock. He had been laying there in the cold, and in pain for more than two hours.He felt an enormous pressure in his bladder. Oh...'Father...my foot....it hurts so bad...''Oh god, Draco. I'm so glad I found you!' His father grabbed him tightly and hugged him. He was still crying and tears were running on Draco's shoulder.

This felt so weird....His father was hugging him. He couldn't remember the last time he hugged him. The only thing he used to do was get mad at him and hit him...Draco couldn't help it and started crying as well.'I'm sorry father...I didn't mean to...''Don't be sorry Draco.'Lucius looked at him.'You're alive. That's the most important. Please don't be sorry. I should be sorry, Draco. For everything I've done....I treated you so bad...please forgive me...'Draco looked at his father.'I forgive you....can you help me please...it hurts so bad...and I need to pee....badly...'Lucius looked at him quickly.'Oh Draco. What happened to you? How did you get here?' He asked worried.Draco looked down.

'I was upset....I ran away and I got lost...in the Forbidden Forest...' He started crying again.Lucius put his hand on Draco's shoulder.'It's alright, Draco. You're safe now.' He said calming.Draco was shaking. His bladder started throbbing again.'My wand...' He said then.'I lost my wand and....'His father opened Draco's hand and put his hand in his.Draco felt him put something in his hand. Wood... He looked down and saw his wand.'How...''Professor Snape, Draco.' His father answered. 'He was worried about you and he started looking for you when he found this.'Draco closed his eyes.'It's alright, Draco.'

His bladder cramped badly.'Father... I need to pee....' Draco whined.'Oh Draco. Don't worry about it, okay?'Draco nodded his head, which made him dizzy again.'I can't hold it...' He said softly with a desperate look on his face.Just when he said that the warm pee started running down his legs. He didn't say anything but just looked down and felt the wetness spread in his pants and robes.His father looked at him.'Oh Draco....''Sorry father....' Draco cried.'It doesn't matter.' His father answered while touching his hand.'You're safe now Draco. I'm gonna take you back to Hogwarts. You need to go to the hospital wing.'Draco just nodded his head.'Okay...'

