Summer Camp

Author: thekinkyauthor

*000*2015-05-17 06:40

Braxton was a shy kid. A kid who hasn't ever been away from his parents. Until this summer when he was going to a summer camp. He was in the backseat of the car of the car extremely nervous about summer camp. He was sweating and scared. He was forced into it, and didn't want to go, but he was too scared to back down now.

Braxton and his family, father, sister, mother, and his two older twin brothers. He had been shaking so much that his brothers asked what was wrong, which made him embarrassed. He looked up and saw a tall man with short hair, blue shorts, and a white shirt with a blue outline. He was wearing a necklace that said "Stoneworth Summer Camp" on it. The tall man was a councelor. He saw other kids playing near the lake, in the forest, and saw many evergreen trees around him.

"I tell you, Brax, you are going to love it here. All of the kids here have so much fun, and socialize everyday. We also do a bunch of activities," the counselor, named Garrett, told him. Braxton turned around and hugged his family, everyone said they loved him and walked back down the path to their car, and before he could say goodbye they were gone.

"Let's show you to you cabin, you'll be staying in the Red Cabin," the Counselor told him. He had been nervous, would he be sleeping with other kids? He thought the worst, what if he wet the bed, what if they bullied him? He had been shaking so much, the counselor noticed, "You okay kid? Don't worry, they will be nice," his words didn't help, Braxton was still afraid.

"Welcome to your cabin, kid! Everyone, this is Braxton. Braxton this is Rick, Nate, and Jeff," he was too scared to say hello, and the counselor left before he could ask for anything. Braxton put his heavily packed bags on his bed, and unpacked while the other kids gave him a cold stare.

"Hey, you! Wimpy kid! Why are you here, beat it and go home." Jeff exclaimed, while the other two laughed agreeingly. Braxton was scared, he thought they'd be nice just like the counselor said. They weren't, they were just the normal bullies. He was scared.

"I-I'm s-sor-"

"I- I- I-, Stop stuttering you idiot!" Rick told the scared kid. Braxton didn't know what to do. He never wanted to be here in the first place, and now he has to be stuck in a cabin with these guys! After all, Braxton was a skinny kid who didn't look very strong. These guys looked like they have been working out since birth. They looked like they could push you across the room with a poke.

"Hey listen, you can stay in this cabin, and we'll stop pestering you, if you can stay out in the haunted forest for the whole night," Nate told the kid, "The last kid to go out there was rumoured to either have been lost and died or was eaten alive by a bear. All they found was his jacket." At this moment Braxton was shaking so much, but his response was the worst part.

"I-I'll do it," was he crazy?! Did that really come out of his mouth? He urged himself to take back the response, but it was too late.

"Very well then, meet us in 20 minutes, just as the sun will set, we will bring you to the forest."

"Ok"

~~~

"You ready kid?"

"Y-Yes," Braxton was just about the enter the forest. He had started walking when realizing he needed to use the restroom. His nervousness didn't help.

Thirty minutes later, Braxton was practically holding himself and begging that he could just leave the camp entirely, rush home, and feel the warmth of his bed. No, he was stuck here. He wished it was over, just then a rush of desperation filled him. He thiught about what he could do to realease his bladder. He couldn't go into the woods, it was haunted, and he was too scared. He would just wait until he got to "the spot" to use the restroom. Unknown to him, it was thirty minutes away.

Twenty five minutes later and he still wasn't there, yet. He felt tiny spurts release into his underwear. He noticed something at that moment, he was all alone. He could just piss in the middle of the trail. He looked down quickly and tugged at his zipper, but it would budge.

"Gah! It's stuck! No, no, it just can't be!" Braxton had tugged and tugged, but it was futile. He put his hands by his side and clenched his fists, he squeezed his thighs together. His eyes brimmed with tears, and then dripped down his dry cheeks. He then heard a loud sound.

A roar.

His eyes opened wide, he was scared out of his mind. He heard it again, much louder this time. Braxton's bladder couldn't take the pressure anymore. His bladder collapsed.

All the piss inside of him released, staining his jeans, darkening them and covering them fully. The stinch of urine was throught the cold air. He blushed and sobbed. He stood still in one place, his long hair hanging down as he filled the forest with a loud cry.

Braxton rushed into the clearing where he found a nice spot. He laid down and covered himself with his jacket, and slept away the shame of having an accident.

It was 11:00 in the morning, and everyone was wondering if Braxton had died, but he returned out of the forest. His pants were dry by then, and he was seen as a hero. Those kids were just trying to get rid of him, but seeing that he survived made them surprised, and they idolized him.

Until he had another accident...

I'll write pt.2 soon.

