(15) Lost

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-25 08:38

Draco was now sitting on a chair, his hands tied behind his back and bound to the chair as well so he couldn't move.

He didn't know for how long he had been sitting there but he was uncomfortable for sure. It was all cold and dusty in the dark room which was probably a cellar. He hadn't seen Sirius anymore. Only the other man, he didn't know who he was but Sirius had been yelling at him and called him 'Wormtail'. Whatever it meant.

Draco was tired but he just couldn't fall asleep. He was cold and he felt dirty wearing his grey pants where he peed in earlier. They were all dry now but he still thought it was gross. The worst part was that he needed to use the bathroom again. Why now? It always seemed like he had to go at really unusual moments. It was weird since he hadn't drank anything for the whole evening.He just had to hold it, okay? He wasn't wetting himself again.Even though he already had to go pretty bad...

Draco suddenly panicked when he noticed the fullness of his -still sore from having to hold it so long earlier- bladder. He nervously squirmed on the wooden chair, trying to relieve some of the pressure he was feeling.

He closed his eyes and sighed. He had to stay calm. Panicking wasn't going to help. It would only make him have to go worse. That's how he tried to calm himself down.He could ask Sirius to use the bathroom when he came back. Even though he was extremely embarrassed to admit his desperate need...

Snape walked back to the castle with big steps, holding his wand and Draco's that he found in the Forbidden Forest. Now he knew where he had been. But where was he now? Something must have happened...Severus only got more worried and when he got back inside and went to his office he decided that he had to find Lucius. He needed to know about this...

Draco tried to untie his hands but it didn't work. The rope was way too tied and cutting into his flesh as he tried to pull at it.

He started getting annoyed and he honestly didn't really care about the pain anymore. He just wanted to get out. He didn't know for how long he had already been sitting there but it seemed like ages.

He took a deep breath and then pulled really hard, hoping the rope would break but sadly nothing happened.

'Oh come on!' Draco yelled, his usually pale face turning red from anger.

He decided to stop since he knew it wouldn't work.

Now he was sitting still and all his attention went back to his bladder- which was filling up very quickly...He was getting more and more nervous while the pressure in his bladder was building up. Oh god he had to go...Draco closed his eyes and sighed. His bladder was still weak from holding it this long earlier and he knew he wouldn't be able to wait that long again...Draco squirmed in his seat trying to relieve some of the pressure. He couldn't help it, when another wave of desperation hit him he started peeing a little. No just no.... The feeling of the warm pee that was running down his leg just was too much for him to handle now. The embarrassment, even though he hadn't completely lost control he felt extremely humiliated. He knew he couldn't hold on forever but he forced himself to go over his limit. He wasn't going to be a loser!

Draco squeezed his thighs together as he felt some more pee escaping and he looked down at his grey trousers as he tried to stop himself.

Tears were now running down the blonde boy's face. He was wetting himself and crying, how ridiculous! If his father knew about this he would probably hit him even harder then usually.Thinking about this made Draco even more sad. He just felt miserable. He had to get away here...

Suddenly he heard a noise. Footsteps were coming closer and suddenly the lock turned around.The door opened and Sirius came in. Draco panicked and instead of completely letting go of his bladder his muscles clenched together and he stopped peeing. He quickly looked at his pants again and to his relief there was no wet spot visible. Maybe he couldn't see it clear, since it was pretty dark in the cellar.

When Sirius entered, Draco just looked up but didn't say anything.'Draco...' Sirius said while walking up to him.'We need to talk.' He continued while he took another chair and sat next to him.Draco just looked down at his shoes and kept silent.'You need to help me Draco...' Sirius said then.Malfoy looked at him, with tears in his eyes.'How did you even find me?' He said, his voice sounded scared and insecure.Sirius laughed and got something out of his pocket.'This...'He opened an old folded map.'The Marauders Map...' Draco whispered, totally surprised.'How...how did you get this?''It doesn't matter Draco. I hope Filch doesn't miss it too much. Anyway, what I wanted to talk about. You need to help us, Draco.'

Draco didn't get it.'Help you? With what? And who's "us"?' He said, starting to get annoyed. His bladder was sending him signals again. Not now please!Draco squirmed and tried his best to hold it. Even though his bladder was hurting now, he didn't want to pay attention to it. He felt like what Sirius was talking about now was way more important than his always annoying bladder. Sirius looked at him kinda confused but didn't say anything about it.'Oh Draco. Me of course. And Wormtail. And not to forget.... The Dark Lord...'

Draco looked at him with big eyes.'The Dark Lord?....You want me to help you and...Voldemort?....'Sirius smiled.'You're such a smart boy, Draco. I knew you'd be good for this.'It was silent for a while.'What...what do you want me to...actually do?' Draco asked then, scared.Sirius looked at him, it more looked like starring and Draco shivered.'Kill Harry Potter.....'Draco felt himself getting dizzy and nauseous at the same time. He almost forgot how bad he needed to pee.'What? I'm not going to...are you being serious?''Of course. I am Sirius. Sirius Black.' The man laughed.Draco nodded his head. This must be a joke right?'It's not as bad as it sounds like Draco.' Sirius continued then.'You don't have to kill Potter yourself. That's the Dark Lord's task. All you need to do is bring Potter to the castle. With me and Wormtail's help....'

Draco didn't say anything. He felt bad and he probably looked even more pale than he usually did.'Just think about it, okay?' Sirius said then to break the silence.Draco just didn't feel good. His bladder was throbbing and he was getting seriously nauseous.'Sir....can I eh...go to the bathroom...' He said then. 'I'm feeling kinda sick....'He wasn't lying.Sirius looked at him.'Fine. But you're not trying to get away okay?''No...I just need to use the bathroom...' Draco now almost begged.'Okay... I'll get Wormtail, I'll be right back.'

'Lucius?'Snape knocked on the door of Lucius' room and got in without waiting for an answer.The room was all dark and he noticed Lucius already laying in bed. It was probably in the middle of the night by now, but Snape didn't really care.'Lucius!' He yelled.Malfoy's father turned on the light by his bed and got up.'Severus? What the hell are you doing here? I'm trying to sleep!' He said annoyed.'I don't care.' Snape answered calm.'It's about Draco. Something has happened to him. I found his wand in the Forbidden Forest....'

