Ace Attorney 1 The Toiletbouts!

Author: ThatYellowSuit

*000*2022-09-20 22:28

Hey once again people of the interwebs! I am here to bring some more Ace Attorney omo content! I will be splitting each game into a different topic and covering every case in the series with an omo twist! This topic will include...

1-1 The First Toiletbout

1-2 Toiletbout Sisters

1-3 Toiletbout Samurai

1-4 Toiletbout Goodbyes

1-5 Rise From The Puddle

I will be releasing these as soon as possible so please check back soon!

*001*2022-09-21 00:35

1-1 The First Toiletbout

This story follows Mia Fey. I will be stating who it is following at the beginning of each one to correct weird point of views that cases with few female characters have.

Well this is it. Phoneix's first trial. I hope he's ready, not many people take on a murder case as their first trial like that. And here he is.

"Wright!"

"Oh, h-hiya, Chief."

"Whew, I'm glad I made it on time. Well, I have to say Phoenix, I'm impressed! Not everyone takes on a murder trial right off the bat like this. It says a lot about you... and your client as well."

"Um... thanks. Actually, it's because I owe him a favor."

Oh well I didn't know that. That's new.

"A favor? You mean, you knew the defendant before this case?"

"Yes. Actually, I kind of owe my current job to him. He's one of the reasons I became an attorney."

"Well, that's news to me!"

After that Wright introduced me to his client. This is going to be a looong trial.

"Ok Mister Wright, what is the name of the victim?" Asked the Judge, making sure he was up to it.

"Uhh..."

Really? He doesn't even known the victim's name?

"Wright, are sure you're up to this?"

"Yeah! Definitely, I'm just drawing a blank here."

"If you need to check any facts about the case or the people involved check the court record!"

"Okay, got it."

Man this is gonna take way longer then it should, I should have probably went to the bathroom before the trial started but I didn't want to miss Phoneix arriving. I should be fine, as long as his client doesn't do anything-

"That cheatin' she-dog!"

Oh no, his client's an idiot.

"Well that simplifies matters, who is your first witness?"

"The man who found the victim's body. Just before making the gruesome discovery... He saw the defendant fleeing the scene of the crime!"

This is off to a bad start. We just need to see this through. But... I kinda need to pee now. Lets hope this trial finishes quickly.

"Ok Phoneix, you need to poke through their logic to prove your client innocent."

"Got it chief!"

"Just remember to press facts and point out contradictions."

Lets hope he does well. I'm shuffling at this point and soon someone will take notice, which I don't want to happen.

"OBJECTION!"

"Eep!"

I shove my legs together but it's too late. A little bit leaked into my panties. Just gotta keep holding on. And hope Phoneix works quickly.

"Hold it right there! The prosecution has said there was a blackout at the time of the discovery! And this record proves it!"

"G-great job Wright."

It's coming along quickly, that's good for me, if we weren't in a court of law right now my hands would be down there so fast.

"Hey chief?"

"Y-yeah? Phoneix"

Phoneix motions down with his eyes.

I have my hands in my crotch.

Phoneix starts mouthing to me. "Are you okay?"

I just nod and hope he ignores what just happened. You can't be doing that Mia! You are a professional in a court of law! Act like it!

I take my hands and lock them to my sides. Can't just hold yourself Mia, you're in public! If anyone else in this courtroom needed to pee they wouldn't acknowledge it like that! They would hold it. Just be patient and the trial will be over soon.

"Objection!"

At least he said it a bit softer this time.

"Wait just a moment! The murder weapon wasn't a clock. It was this statue! Now how is this supposed to be a clock?"

"Whaa!? Y-you with your "objections," and your "evidence"... Just who do you think you are!?"

Please be almost done I just need to pee. I'm begging you Wright please speed up the trial.

I think he might be able to tell, he's talking faster now. I don't even care if he knows at this point I just don't want to embarrass myself further.

"Chief?"

I can't talk at this point, I just nod.

"Do you need me to try and call a recess?"

No then it would be obvious. I shake my head.

"Okay."

I just gotta make it through the last bit. The witness has broken down, I think he did it, he should admit it soon. I just need to hold on a short while longer.

"I declare the client, Larry Butz not guilty."

Did I here that right? I just gotta get to the bathroom and it's all over! Thank you Phoneix, you stopped me from having this massive embarrassment.

I start shuffling towards the bathroom. I'm at the door and it's out of order. This can't be happening to me.

"Chief!"

It's Phoneix, don't let it happen in front of him.

"Just use the men's room, I'll let you in."

Oh thank god. I start shuffling into the mens room, thankfully no ones in there.

I get into the stall and throw my panties down, right then all the built of pee explodes out of me and makes such a loud sound in the toilet bowl I'm surprised the porcelain didn't crack. It talk all the energy I had left not to moan from the liquid relief coming out of my body. And after two minutes of straight ecstasy, the stream slowed down, and then stopped.

I looked down at my panties, stained yellow and ruined. Guess I won't be using those again. I walk out and Phoneix is standing outside the stall embarrassed. Which is fair, I wash my hands and hope he never brings it up again.

*002*2022-09-24 06:52

1-2 Toiletbout Sisters

This story will follow Maya Fey.

"The court is now in session for the trial of Maya Fey." Stated the Judge.

"The prosecution is ready, your honor." Replied Edgeworth

"The defense is ready, your honor." Replied Nick, trying to sound confident.

I get why he isn't, I have no real chance against a prosecutor like Edgeworth. I'll be guilty. All Nick can do is stall.

"Thank you, Your Honor. The defendant, Ms. Maya Fey, was at the scene of the crime. The prosecution has evidence she committed this murder... and we have a witness who saw her do it. The prosecution sees no reason to doubt the facts of this case, Your Honor." Said Edgeworth full of himself.

Him and all his fancy talk, im not guilty and he knows it. I can't even help my own defense, all I get it the defendant's chair and this water. At least they gave me anything.

"The prosecution calls the chief officer at the scene, Detective Gumshoe!" Exclaimed Edgeworth as though talking louder made his witness more credible.

How long do trials normally last? I'm gonna have to eat something at some point. Does water work as a replacement for food?

"Yeah it probably does." Maya said quietly, before preceding to down the entire thing.

"You immediately arrested Ms. Maya Fey, who was found at the scene, correct? Can you tell me why?" Edgeworth asked as if he didn't already know the answer.

"Yes sir! I had hard evidence she did it, sir!" Gumshoe replied excitedly.

Hard evidence? About as hard as this chair. Why is the chair so soft?

"Mr Write, you may now begin your Cross-Examination." Said the Judge, giving Nick the cue.

I'm just gonna zone out for a bit.

*After zoning out for 10 minutes or so*

What the? I need to pee? I barley drank any... Oh wait, water does not work as a replacement for food. Well now what? I'm being accused in a murder trial so it's not like I can just leave, do I need to be escorted? Or am I just stuck here. Might as well distract myself

"That autopsy report is outdated, Your Honor." Smirked Edgeworth.

Is that illegal? That seems illegal. Wait Maya, you need to think of a way out of this or a way you can hold it. Court cases take a long time I think so I have to figure this out.

"The prosecution would like to call its next witness. This poor, innocent girl saw the murder with her own eyes!" Exclaimed Edgeworth, once again cementing the point that talking louder doesn't make your witness seem more credible.

How many witnesses can you have at once? I hope it's only two. I'm gonna have to start crossing my legs soon.

"April May! At your service!" *wink* Said April May trying to sound as cute as possible.

She is going to drag this out I just know it. I hate her already but I'll hate her even more if she makes me pee myself. I can feel it building, they're building a little civilization down there but soon they may want to leave, and I can't let that happen.

"It was, like, 9:00 at night. I looked out the window, y'know!

And then, oooh! I saw a woman with long hair being attacked!

The one attacking her was the mousey girl sitting in the defendant's chair!

Then the woman, like, dodged to one side and ran away!

But that girl, she caught up to her and... and... She hit her!

Then the woman with long hair...

She kinda... slumped.

The end. That's all I saw. Every little bitsy witsy!" *wink*

Man I hate her right now, every little bitsy witsy? I fell like I'm getting dumber just being in the same room as heeeer, oh that was a bad one. I need to focus. Just hold it in, like a dam, wait no dams break, like a balloon, balloons pop, like the ocean, the ocean is flooding. Just focus on holding, I don't need a metaphor.

If sis was in court she would hold it, so I can too!

I'm watching Nick argue back in forth so I can gauge how long it is before I can go.

"Objection!" Yelled Edgeworth

I needed to shove way down there for that one. Wait, Edgeworth is looking at me, and he's... concerned? Does he know? I glance over at Nick, I think he knows too. I still can't show to much of it because even if two people know the rest of the courtroom doesn't, and I plan to keep it that way.

"Your Honor," Edgeworth started asking looking exasperated, "Could I have a short recess to reconnect my witnesses thoughts?"

Is he trying to help me? Thank you Edgeworth.

"I'm sorry Mr Edgeworth but if we want this trial to end on time we can't take a recess. And I personally want it to end on time so we aren't." Replied the Judge.

My heart sank, I don't think I'm going to make it. I won't make it. I'll wet myself in the middle of this courtroom and charged with both murder and public indecency. If I could make it to the end of the trial my bladder would explode.

Nick starts trying to make the trial go faster by figuring out more contradiction s and not pressing unnecessary statements but I don't how long I can last. I might not make it five minute much less the amount of time left in the trial.

I've started leaking, it's the beginning of the end. Please no one look at me. I Lea towards to try to cover the leak spots but all those leaks are turning into a breach. The pipe will burst soon. I only hope it's not obvious.

"Object-"

*Hssh* *psss*

It happened right in the middle of Nick's objection, I know some people noticed. Some people in the crowd turned towards me. I know Nick and Edgeworth noticed, I'm just sitting here as the chair gets damp and my butt gets soggy. It's... not as bad as I thought, I might get into this.

*003*2022-09-25 05:02

1-3 Toiletbout Samurai

This one will follow Mia in Maya's body during trial two because I'm pretty sure no one here wants to see Oldbag.

"... ... Umm... Mr. Wright?" Asked Will Powers nervously.

"Yes?" Wright asked back.

"Why do you look so... unhappy?" Questioned Will.

"O-oh! Oh, nothing! Eh heh heh. Really, it's nothing. Right, Mia?" Phoneix replied obviously covering up what he actually thinks.

He's not right, his client is a dead man walking. Much like me, I just can't think of any way to get around this. Phoneix is up against Edgeworth and basically all of last trial supported Edgeworth's theories. The only reason we have this second trial is because of one witnesses incompetence, but that can't work for all his witnesses. At least one of his witnesses will be intelligent.

"Phoneix, you know your client's innocence, you just have to keep holding on to that to lead you to a not guilty verdict and save him from a wrongful imprisonment." Mia said, trying to support Phoneix.

"Yeah... Yeah! I just gotta hold out hope! If he's innocent, which he is, sooner or later I'll find evidence to prove it! I only need a one piece of decisive evidence or a single useful testimony and I have a not guilty verdict for a not guilty defendant!" Phoneix said ready to prove his client innocent.

That seems to have perked him up. Maybe this will actually go well. We just need to get this trial started and meet the new witness.

"Sal Manella, that's an interesting name, I wonder what he's like?" Mia wondered.

"... How r00d can j00 get! J00 don't know ME!? I'm the director! I make the Steel Samurai, n00b! ROFL!" Sam yelled at Edgeworth for asking his profession.

Not again, why is it that in every trial me and Phoneix have been in the first witness yells something stupid and ruins the rest of the trial? At least this time I don't have to pee, hopefully, I don't know what Maya drank before she channelled me.

"Haven't we had enough of this pointless line of questioning? Your Honor! The testimony to this point has made one certain fact painfully clear: The people in the trailer had nothing to do with this murder! It was impossible for any of them to go to Studio One!" Exclaimed Edgeworth as if louder is more innocent.

Sal Manella is proving to be a bigger problem then I expected, and I expected him to be a big problem.

"Phoneix, even though this witness is causing some problems he's starting to show some cracks, just keep digging and the truth will come out soon." Maya said for support.

"I just need to catch the contradictions to catch the criminal." Replied Phoneix, ready to bring this guy down.

So it turns out Maya did drink something before she channelled me, probably trying to use lemonade as a replacement for food again. No matter, I'll just sit down in the chair that Phoneix never uses and wait out the trials end.

"Chief?" Asked Phoneix.

"Yeah?"

"Where'd you get a chair from?" Asked Phoneix seemingly bamboozled at the chair that mysteriously materialized in front of him.

"It's under the desk, you just never used it." Mia replied, wondering how he is so confused about a chair.

That was, interesting, I guess. Now he knows there's a chair there so I guess that's good. But there are more important things to be worrying about right now, like the trial! Or the building feeling in my lower abdomen region. Bladder, my bladder, why did I say it so fancy? I'm not the 1920's upper class, I'm just a dead person possessing their alive sister to solve murder trials. You know now that I say that out loud it sounds really weird.

"Does Maya have a smaller bladder then me?" Mia mutters under her breath.

"Huh?" Asked Phoneix.

"What?" Mia asked back.

"Did you say something? Phoneix questioned.

"No." Mia replied.

"Ok." Phoneix finished.

I can't say that out loud, I can only talk about it with myself in my mind, no one can hear me here so I can talk and not whisper. But it's getting worse, I've only been a big part of two trials with Phoneix and both times I've needed to pee. I'm going to cross my legs.

"Your Honor. The prosecution is pleased to announce that we indeed have decisive evidence: a witness." Edgeworth smirked.

"Who is this witness, Mr. Edgeworth?" Asked the Judge.

"My witness saw the very moment when the Steel Samurai skewered the victim!" Edgeworth said in a dramatic fashion.

This causes the jury to start talking due to surprise.

"Order! I will have order! I see. The court will take a 10 minute recess, after which we will hear your witness. Court is adjourned for recess!" Shouts the Judge, retaking control of the situation.

A recess? That's good, maybe I won't have to worry about going to the bathroom. Unless it's still out of order... It's been like a month, it should be fixed by now.

Mia walks up to the door, out of order.

Well nevermind, I guess I do need to worry about it. This Courthouse only has one set of bathrooms, not a great design choice. Now what do I do? Do I go back in there with Phoneix? Or leave and try to find a bathroom? It's not like I can just abandon him, I think, I think I'm just going to have to wait. Maybe this mystery witness will get done quickly.

"Court is back in session for the trial of Mr. Will Powers." Stated the Judge

"The prosecution has a concern. As our witness is a grade schooler of tender years, and this is a murder case... We worry that the defense might cause unnecessary trauma with his cruel questioning!" Stated Edgeworth, trying to take the "moral high ground."

Tender years? This witness is a kid. That'll make it take way longer. That recess did not help matters, someone spilled there drink and it left a big purple on the floor. I don't want to make the second one.

"Hmm... Very well. The defense may begin its cross-examination. And, be gentle. Remember you're talking to a child." Stated the Judge.

The Cross-Examination just started? It feels like its been a lot longer, I'm sitting on my heel at this point. Which causes the outfit to ride up, giving Edgeworth full view. But I don't think he cares, I think he's gay.

But this kid is stubborn, and he won't give up information. I know if I to talk to him my *ahem* predicament, would be revealed to everyone in the courtroom. I just need an idea, a bottle something to go in. But there's nothing here, Phoneix doesn't even bring a water bottle with him to trials. All I have is myself, these clothes and this chair. And I'm not planning on using any of those. Maybe, I could ask Phoneix for help? He's helped me before, it's less embarrassing then my other options.

"H-Hey Phoneix?" Asked Mia, obviously desperate to anyone that knows the signs.

"Yeah?" Asked Phoneix.

"I need your help." Mia said with her eyes looking down to her hands in her crotch.

"Oh." Phoneix replied as he grasped the situation. "What do you want me to do?"

"J-Just help, please." Mia begged

"I can try, just give me a few minutes to figure something out." Phoneix replied, his mind deep in thought for both the trial and Mia's issue.

I hope he thinks of something quick, I don't know how long I can last. I can feel it reaching a breaking point. I'm going to pee myself, in the middle of this courtroom. I'll embarrass myself and Maya and possibly even mess with Phoneix's chances to get Mr. Powers declared innocent.

"Mia!" Phoneix whisper yelled.

"Y-yeah?" Mia asks.

"My jacket is waterproof, you can use that!" Phoneix continued.

Thank you Phoneix.

Mia grabs the jacket and wraps it around herself like a diaper to hopefully keep the liquid in.

It starts out slow, with only a little bit coming out like a leaky tap on the side of a dam. But then the dam broke. Phoneix made sure to yell objection right then to cover the sound of the urine pouring into to the jacket diaper, a jiaper if you will. But Phoneix was right, it held all the pee in.

Mia tucks it underneath the dress and finishes the trial with Phoneix telling her not to return the jacket and that he will just buy a new one.

*006*2022-10-04 23:10

{{16 hours ago, OmoL said:

What about one for Desirée DeLite?

}}

Oh that will be coming soon. Once I finish one and two I'm gonna do 3 and for 3-2 she is the plan.

