Hen Weekend

Author: Thegame123

*000*2024-01-08 09:33

Here’s a story I have been working on for a few months. I tend to just write a quick story in my phones note app but this one just grew and grew and also spawned a sequel story. I’ve look to tidy it up at bit and so here are the first couple of chapters. If people enjoy I will add other chapters and the sequel as and when I get to tidy it up. Enjoy!

Chapter 1

It was 8am on a bright sunny Saturday in early summer. Amy was walking at pace towards her local train station which was about a 10-minute walk from her flat. Amy was due to be on time but wanted to pick up a coffee before her train was due. Amy was off to Newcastle upon Tyne for a day and night out for Rachel’s one of Amy’s oldest friends ‘second’ hen night. Rachel was due to be married in 2 weeks’ time and had already had her ‘full’ hen party a month prior down in Brighton. However, Rachel and her maid of honour Amanda had decided it would be nice to have a little get together closer to the wedding for just the bride and 3 bridesmaids which Amy was one of. Amy’s bank balance was not enjoying all these trips away with the wedding day itself still to come. However, Amy reasoned this is part of being there for your friends. Amy arrived at the train station in good time and grabbed a coffee and a pastry for breakfast. She then headed to the platform with 10 minutes to spare.

As she waited Amy noticed that she was receiving some admiring glances from some of the men on the platform. This was not unusual as Amy now 32 was a beautiful woman - this hadn’t always been the case as Amy always tended to be a bit geeky and awkward in her teenage years. She then blossomed fully in her early twenties despite this she was never the most confident of people despite her stunning looks. Amy was olive skinned thanks to some Italian ancestry on her mother’s side and had brown solder length hair. Her face was perfectly defined with deep brown eyes and sultry lips. Amy stood at about 5,7 and while her body wasn’t perfect in her eyes, she was the envy of many with pert c-cup breasts with nice, shapely hips and bum.

Amy wasn’t feeling particularly self-confident as only 2 weeks ago she has endured a devastating break up with her long-term boyfriend Dan. They had dated for 3 years and were close to officially moving in when Dan dropped the bombshell that he wanted to see other people. This devastated Amy and she was still feeling it now. Although things with Dan had cooled down somewhat over the past year Amy still believed they had a future together until Dan’s bombshell. Amy had wanted to drop out of this weekend and wasn’t feeling great about attending the wedding now alone. Rachel had convinced her a good night out was what she needed and that they’d all look after her. Amy wasn’t the biggest drinker or party goer, but Rachel was most like correct this would be better than wallowing at home.

Amy was jolted from her internal sorrow by the announcement that her train was arriving. A few minutes later Amy had boarded the train and had found her seat. Annoyingly it was a window seat meaning Amy was likely to be ‘trapped’ in. She was quite shy and didn’t like asking people to move to head to the toilet or when arriving at her destination. A few minutes later an older man came and took the seat next to her on the increasingly busy train. Amy popped her headphones in ready to endure the 2-hour journey. At this stage she felt a slight urge to urinate following her coffee. This was nothing major but did make Amy feel slightly anxious and caused her to scan for the toilets and the fact they were operational.

Amy’s had become extremely anxious about her access to a toilet since events about a year previous. Her mind wondered back to that fateful day. She and Dan had travelled by train for 30 minutes to a neighbouring city to meet up with one of Dan’s friends and his partner. The plan was to have food and have a day drinking before getting the train back home. Amy was wearing dark blue jeans, black high heeled boots with a black sleeveless top and as always was receiving admiring glances throughout the day. It was a good day and both Dan and Amy had drunk plenty of alcohol by the time they made their way back to the train. As they walked Amy realised that they she had reached the stage where drink was going straight through her and despite using the loo at the last bar not even half an hour ago, she was becoming quite desperate. The city centre was heaving as it seemed there was multiple events on. Dan and Amy were talking about the day when Dan mentioned that he desperately needed to pee.

‘Me too’ Amy replied, ‘how long until the train?’

‘15 minutes’ Dan said ‘Should be enough time to nip to the loo’

Amy was relieved Dan needed to go too and that they would have enough time to head to the loo before the train. They got to the station only to find all the toilets closed for the evening.

‘Ah shit!!’ Dan groaned his desperation seemingly worse than Amy’s.

Amy felt that she could hold it until they got home and suggested they get the train. But Dan refused and told Amy to follow him. So, they quickly headed outside and straight down an alleyway next to the station. The alley was still really busy with a few men already up against the wall urinating and plenty more walking past. Dan quickly joined them and within seconds Amy could see a solid stream landing on the floor as Dan’s back faced her. As Dan emptied his bladder Amy felt hers twinge painfully in desperation. She briefly looked down the alley to see if there was anywhere, she could go but even with the added her Dutch courage her shyness won out and she decided against it. Dan returned to Amy.

‘Err do you want to give it a go?’ he questioned motioning to the alley.

‘You seriously want me to get my bits out here? No, I’ll hold it until we’re back home’ Amy replied. Dan shrugged, Amy was desperate without a doubt and the journey home would be uncomfortable, but Amy had no doubts about her ability to hold. Barring a couple of childhood accident Amy had largely had a bladder of steel as an adult. She had been desperate on many occasions but never really been too close to ever having an accident. They headed into the station and waited for the train. To Amy’s frustration the train was delayed by 10 minutes. She moaned to Dan that they’d have had plenty of time to get to a loo in a bar if they’d have known about the delay.

‘Will you be ok?’ Dan asked

‘I’ll have to be’ Amy grimaced to urge now at a severe level.

The train finally arrived. Amy hoped she may be lucky and find onboard toilets, but it was a small local train so as expected no such luck. She sat down placing her handbag on her lap with her left hand strategically below her bad tightly gripping her crotch. She realised the desperation had now reached levels she couldn’t ever remember feeling before. The train started and the 30-minute journey commenced. Dan was taking a lot, but Amy wasn’t taking it in. She was spending more and more energy focusing on holding her achingly full bladder. 20 minutes into the journey and Amy’s was now more desperate than she had ever been before. Dan noticed and asked if she was ok.

‘It hurts, sorry I just need to concentrate’ she said.

‘You’re not going to wet yourself, are you?’ Dan asked somewhat condescendingly.

‘No of course not, I can hold it’ Amy scolded.

Although for the first time secretly the thought that she might not make it had popped into her head. Her bladder had started contracting as if it was ready to give way whether Amy was willing or not. Come on Amy you’re 31 you’re not going to wet your pants she internally willed.

Chapter 2

A few minutes later just heading into Amy and Dan’s stop the train slowed down to a standstill. The driver announced that they were just waiting for the line to clear to enter. Alarm bells were ringing in Amy’s head and tears formed in her eyes.

‘Shit I really need to piss again’ groaned Dan ‘How you holding out’

‘Err not too good?’ Amy muttered not really listening to Dan. Amy’s bladder was really on the verge of letting go. She started to contemplate her options. Very soon any choice she had would be gone and she would be relieving herself in this seat in front of a full train.

‘Can we head to the door, so we’re first off?’ She asked. Dan agreed and they stood up and headed to the exit ready for the train to pull up. Amy was taken by surprise as the weight in her bladder seemed to quadruple as she stood up. This caused a major contraction in her bladder that Amy couldn’t fully control she felt a small amount of urine dribble out. She gasped and grabbed her crotch but was not as well hidden as before. She caught glimpse of a few people noticing this and was obviously not hiding her predicament too well. She slowly shuffled towards the door behind Dan her bladder screaming for imminent release, the pain now unbearable. They reached the door where thankfully they were alone for the time being.

Amy started bouncing up and down and held her crotch as tight as she could. Thankfully the earlier dribble had not seemingly left a mark on her blue jeans.

Dan was also bouncing around a fair bit.

‘I have well and truly broken the seal’ he stated ‘this train needs to hurry up or I’ll be pissing right here’.

Amy was barely listening now she had tears in her eyes and the contractions of her bladder were now constant, she felt such weight in her bladder which was now fuller than she could ever remember. In any other less public situation Amy would have given up by now such was the agony she was feeling. Only the fear of shear mortification was driving her on to keep on holding.

Then without warning the train started moving again. Both Amy and Dan were relieved however Amy now wasn’t sure how far she would make it. The realisation that she was on the verge of wetting her blue jeans in public caused her to start panicking and tears started to stream down her face. Dan noticed this,

‘Amy are you ok? You haven’t lost control, have you?’ he said looking down to see if she’d started wetting herself as her emotions clearly eluded too.

‘No, no I haven’t but I’m not sure how long I can last’ Amy sobbed ‘I can’t believe this it’s so embarrassing.’ Amy was running out of time and she knew it, the chances of wetting her jeans in public were now very high.

‘Trains nearly in now, we can quickly run to the toilets’. Dan said.

‘I can’t run, I’ll wee if I do’ Amy cried as her emotions overwhelmed her more and more. Amy’s bladder let out another huge contraction one that Amy couldn’t fully fight and a 2 second burst of urine erupted out of her. ‘Oh no, shit’ Amy cried. She somehow stopped the flow but could feel her crotch was now noticeably damp, she glanced down and noticed a small 3-inch damp spot on her crotch. Dan noticed too just as the train reached the station, he realised they had to move quickly, or they would both be peeing their pants.

‘Right, I’m going to help you’ Dan said, ‘but I need to piss too ok so we can’t mess around’. Amy was now struggling to take any information in, her full attention was on her screaming bladder which so close to giving up. Amy knew any distraction would likely cause her to lose control and she really did not know how she was going to avoid the impending embarrassment.

The train doors opened and Dan grabbed Amy’s arm and he dragged her along with him at pace across the platform towards the toilet. The speed of the walk was too much for Amy’s tortured bladder and another burst of urine escaped as she walked. Amy pulled Dan to a stop, in order to try and stop the impending flood which, she somehow managed to do. However, she could feel dribbles or fresh urine now running down her legs.

‘Shit Amy come on I’m about to piss myself too’ Dan shouted somewhat angrily.

‘I can’t go that quickly’ Amy cried; she was now hunched over with her hands in her crotch. A crowd of people leaving the same train were now walking past them with multiple glances made towards Amy. It was certainly not every day that you got to see a girl who looked like Amy this desperate and many men and some women too enjoyed the sight on offer.

Amy had managed to somehow gain control, but she knew the end was close, she was willing her bladder shut but the battle was close to ending. Amy then saw the sign for the toilets, they were so close. She had started wetting herself, but the damage was still minimal and so with a new determination that she might just avoid total humiliation Amy picked up the pace. The faster pace had her bladder screaming for release and despite her best efforts every couple of steps she released a small dribble against her will. Her crotch was becoming quite damp now with the wet patch now 5-6inches wide and edging down the inside of her thighs. Amy could feel urine running down her legs too. The end was near but so were the toilets. They reached the toilets and both Dan’s and Amy’s hopes were dashed by a big, closed sign.

‘No, no’ Amy began to cry with a sudden 3 second burst of pee escaping her bladder and streaming down her legs. The pain in her bladder was now beyond anything she had felt, it was so bad she felt a bit faint. She knew that this was the end.

‘Quick over here Amy’ Dan signalled to small archway that went in only about 3 feet very much in public view.

‘What are we going to do here?’ Amy emotionally asked, already knowing what Dan was thinking.

‘Well, I’m about to piss myself, and it looks like you’ve already started too’ Dan said nodding to Amy growing wet patch, ‘So I’m using my last resort, feel free to do the same’.

With that Dan turned into the small arch with his back facing Amy and the rest of the station he immediately stated to urinate up against the wall. This was in pretty much full view of the station with plenty of people noticing what was happening and were somewhat disgusted as Dan’s puddle formed on the floor of the platform. Amy knew it was not an option for her, there was no way she could hide herself like Dan did a least in terms of flashing his privates.

Any squatting position would result in the full station seeing all of Amy very up close and personal. Amy was out of options the weight of her bladder was beyond intense, she felt lightheaded. She continued to watch Dan, the sound of his pee hitting the wall was too much for Amy. Her bladder ached in severe pain Amy doubled over in agony then she realised it was happening. No more small warning spurts and gaining control back. No, her bladder had hit its final limit and was totally betraying her. Urine erupted out of her crotch with no defence, the crotch of her jeans was saturated in mere seconds as waves of urine spread quickly down her legs. 

Amy was frozen in fear with absolutely no control of her bladder whatsoever as it fully released where she stood. People walked by clearly unsure what to make of the situation as a male urinated in the corner while a young attractive woman was totally wetting herself mere feet away. Amy’s urine was now creating a huge puddle on the floor around where she stood. At this stage Dan had finished his own pee and turned to in surprise to see his beautiful girlfriend frozen in front of many passers-by totally wetting her pants.

‘Shit Amy, what are you doing’ Come on he said. He grabbed Amy’s hand and dragged the traumatised girl off. This was all a blur for Amy she started walking and was still peeing forcefully into her jeans which were now pretty much totally soaked top to bottom. They quickly left the station and the movement had stemmed finally stemmed Amy’s forceful flow. Amy was beyond mortified as she walked along uncomfortably in freshly soaked jeans. It was obvious to anybody what had happened.

‘What the fuck Amy!!’ Dan angrily stated ‘Why didn’t you just do it where I was, your not a fucking child, Jesus!!’.

Taken aback by Dans clear disgust Amy attacked back ‘Fuck you, so you want me to get my pussy out in front of everyone then? You could have been a man and let me go while you guarded but no you had to go first, selfish prick’ Amy rarely used such language but the drink, anger and the events that just unfolded had pushed her over the edge. What was worse she realised that the initial release hadn’t really emptied her bladder and there was still a bad urge to go. At this point they were in a quiet dark street, so Amy stopped walking without telling Dan. Any control she had now long gone she felt another uncontrollable wave of pressure overcome her and a steady release of urine ensued. Dan realised Amy had stopped and turned around back to her.

‘Right, what now, come on Amy we need to get you inside before anybody….’ Dan stopped talking his mouth open with surprise as he noticed Amy’s jeans begin to glisten again and a puddle begin to form at her feet as her bladder fully released again.

‘Fucking hell Amy are you for real you’re pissing yourself again, what are you like 3!!! We’re 5 minutes from your flat’ Dan shouted exasperated by what was happening.

Amy was mortified beyond belief and couldn’t believe how much pee was being released she didn’t dare move and the puddle continued to grow. She was also fuming with Dan’s response when she could have done with some comfort and support instead. Dan turned and stormed off; cursing on his way. Amy waited what felt like a age for her stream to die down unable to process how her day had gone so wrong. Her once Iron bladder had well a truly betrayed her.

Amy walked soggily back to her flat in tears, thankfully though she didn’t see anybody else. One back at the flat she headed straight to the bathroom to clean up. Pealing of her soaked jeans and purple knickers proved a challenge. Once undressed Amy got into the shower. While in the shower Dan came to make up with her. Amy was not surprised he happy to make up with her when she’s naked in the shower but not so happy when she’s covered in pee and needs help. Dan was helping clean Amy when her severely weakened bladder signalled release yet again.

Amy wouldn’t usually think twice about letting go in the shower but at this moment Dan was giving her neatly trimmed dark pubic mound plenty of attention. Amy knew she should get Dan t stop and excuse herself to nip to the loo. However, Amy’s thinking was muddled she was still drunk and she was enjoying the feeling of being cleaned very thoroughly down there. Mere seconds later Amy’s bladder for the second time in a little over an hour betrayed her and released fully all over Dan’s hands. Amy moaned with pleasure then blushed and stuttered ‘I’m so so sorry’.

‘Jesus Christ Amy what is wrong with you, I think you need to see a doctor’ Dan left the bathroom in disgust. Amy was shocked but was still feeling turned on by the attention her private had been getting so she proceeded to pleasure herself to climax.

Amy suddenly jolted out of her daydream and could feel she was blushing on the train. This was the first time she has revisited the events of that fateful day. Looking back, she thought that what happened that day were properbly the beginning of the end for her and Dan. For whatever reason a despite no other instances during their relationship the sight of her wetting herself had repulsed Dan and he never saw Amy in the same way again.

They drifted apart and sex was never the same after that day. Dan even told some friends what had happened, asking them would you prefer your misses to drop her trousers to pee or to piss herself. Most were on Dan’s side, and they all knew everything about Amy’s embarrassing moment. Something Amy was still extremely angry about. Only now was she beginning to realise that Dan wasn’t all that and for the first time since the breakup Amy felt it was for the best. This will be a good weekend she thought to herself. First things first though and she confidently asked the old man if she could get past and headed to the loo. Amy didn’t anymore unfortunate incidents. Little did she know what lay ahead over the upcoming weekends while she was a bridesmaid.

*002*2024-01-12 13:52

Next 2 Chapters of the story. Quick heads up that there is nothing pee related in these chapters more building the scene/characters. But there is still some good fun. Enjoy

Chapter 3

Amy arrived at Newcastle just after 11am. She quickly called Rachel to find out where they all were. Rachel told her they were all at the hotel about 20 minutes away, the weather was nice so Amy decided to get have a walk to the hotel and began contemplating the weekend ahead.

Rachel was Amy’s oldest friend; they had known each other since primary school and also went through secondary school together. They really had developed together from being quite awkward teens to now being successful and both very attractive 32-year-old women. Rachel was slightly taller than Amy with paler skin and curly blond hair. She was slender with small pert breasts. Amy and Rachel went to different universities and so drifted apart a little but have remained good friends in their adult life despite not seeing each other nearly enough. Rachel was engaged to be married to Jason a lad she met while at uni. Nice, respectable, well mannered and wasn’t creepy around Amy like so many men tended to be. Amy was looking forward to spending the weekend with her old friend Rachel. Then there was the other 2 bridesmaids who Amy knew but was still working out.

Firstly, there was Jen. Jen was Rachel’s best friend from uni. Amy had been out with Jen multiple times down the years when visiting Rachel at Uni and at other events. Amy was somewhat intimidated by Jen. She was a super confident extroverted lesbian. She was good looking but in a more alternative way with pale skin and thick dark hair. Over the years Jen had new tattoos and piercings. It wasn’t this that intimated Amy it was the fact Jen’s confidence in any situation. She was the life of a party and had a very wild side. She was often quite brash, would openly talk about sex, kinks and ask very personal questions. She was also prone to striping off too and looking to get others involved where she could. Amy liked her but her naturally introverted nature meant they were very different as individuals. She would however certainly be fun this weekend and at the wedding.

They there was Rachel’s maid of honour Amanda. She was one of Rachel’s and Jason’s neighbours they had become extremely good friends in only a few years. Amanda was slightly older than the rest of them - Amy guessed 35/36 but didn’t know exactly. She had 2 children and a beautiful large house and a very successful husband. If Amy thought too long about it, she could find the fact that this relatively new friend was her oldest friends maid of honour offensive. However, Amy decided not to dwell on it, she lived a long way away as did Jen, so it made sense that Amanda did it.

Also, she was the only one of them all who had experience of getting married. Amanda was nice, if a little bit boring. She tended to be quiet, and Amy didn’t really know much about her. Looks wise if Amy believed that Amanda hadn’t been blessed with the stunning good looks of the other 3 girls. However, she was still relatively attractive in a more muted way, with a blond bob and relatively slim figure although the clothes she wore often hid her figure good or bad.

Ananda wasn’t one for drinking a lot and her and Jen did seem to clash a little. Although it was fun seeing her reaction during the full hen party when Jen decided to streak naked around the room, they were staying in. She awkwardly tried to look away while urging Jen to cover up in a flustered manor. Amy didn’t fully know where to look but did appreciate Jen’s body, tattoos and all.

Rachel was just happy to have them all about and seemed totally oblivious that her 3 bridesmaids were all so different probably telling a story about her own growing up - Amy - the settled middle ground of growing up, Jen - the rebellious, adventurous side from her university days and then Amanda - the settled down ready to be a wife and parent version.

It was heading towards 12pm and Amy arrived at the hotel and made her way up to the room they would all be sharing. She knocked off the door to be greeted with a huge scream and hug from Rachel and Jen, followed by a more muted embrace with Amanda. Amy had barely entered the room when Jen said ‘here get this down you’ passing her can of cider. Both Jen and Rachel had one already and judging by the empty cans this was their second or third. The group then spent the next 45 minutes talking with the 3 women expressing their sorrow for Amy’s breakup. Amy didn’t want to get upset so she just stated she was over it and ready for a good night out.

‘Hells yeah’ was Jen’s response clashing her can with Amy’s.

They then all decided to head out for lunch and for a walk around the city before heading back to get ready for the evening.

Chapter 4

4 hours later they all returned to the hotel. They’d had a nice lunch, had a steady walk then upon Jen’s insistence ended up in a very nice bar and had more drinks with even Amanda joining in. They returned to the room and Amy was feeling tipsy. Jen offered more cider out to them all.

‘I’m already feeling hammered and it’s only 5pm,’ said Rachel.

‘Come on it’s your last weekend away of freedom, also you don’t want a same day hangover’ Jen replied.

‘Fair enough’ Rachel said, and they all had a can, even Amanda. They all then arranged a quick shower timetable so that they could be ready to leave in good time for their evening meal booked at 7.

Amanda headed in first.

‘Right girls, be ready for your slot, we don’t have loads of time’ Rachel ordered to Jen and Amy.

With this Amy started to get herself sorted grabbing a large towel and discreetly removing her clothes not wanting the flash Rachel and Jen. Rachel was doing the same at the other end of the room while Jen being Jen just got undressed in the middle of the room in full view. Amy and Jen averted their eyes the best they could and within minutes all 3 women were covered with their towels. Soon after Amanda came out of the bathroom and Rachel went in for the shower. Amy sat on her bed looking on her phone, her head spinning a little because of the drink. Jen was having a rare quiet moment lay on her bed while Amanda was fiddling around and the bottom of the beds getting her outfit ready and drying her hair.

About 10 minutes passed by and Amy was suddenly jolted by a shout of

‘Whey hey!!!’ by Jen

Amy quickly glanced up towards Amanda and was surprised to see a white bare bottom being quickly covered by a towel which Amanda must have dropped.

‘Oh, Wow come on Amanda, you are looking stunning girl. Come on let’s have a proper look’ Jen pleaded, ‘Look I’ll do it too’!

With that Jen had opened her towel up and now lay on the bed fully naked. Amy’s eyes widened and the view of Jen’s naked body, elegant flower tattoos down her torso towards her waist, her dark pubic bush just left so grow in a way Amy would never dare.

Amanda looked at Jen, and to Amy’s surprise she looked to be contemplating it.

‘Look if you want to feel amazing about yourself just do it, trust me’ Jen said. Amanda looked bashful but then much to Amy’s surprise she just dropped her towel to the floor. Amy couldn’t believe Jen had convinced Amanda, however thinking back maybe she shouldn’t have been surprised. Years ago, Jen had convinced a drunken Amy and Rachel to flash their bare breasts and bums out of their halls windows to passers-by something Amy had never done before or after but Jen certainly had a way of creating chaos and getting other women naked Amy thought.

Amanda blushed but the drink was clearly loosening her inhibitions as she still stood there fully naked. Amanda actually had a really good body; her breasts were deceptively large and while slightly droopy still held good shape. Amanda stomach was relatively flat with little evidence of the 2 childbirths. Amanda also surprisingly supported a full bush herself even thicker than Jen’s at odds with her external personality.

‘Wow you are stunning girl, loving the full bush, and those tits wow! How old are you?’ Jen enthused.

Amanda blushed and smiled.

‘I’m 38, oh and I don’t have enough time to look after down their’ she shyly said.

‘Well, I’m all for it’ Jen exclaimed.

‘Wow you look great for 38 and 2 kids’ Amy said, ‘You are stunning Amanda’.

‘T, thank you’ Amanda bashfully replied.

At that moment Rachel left the bathroom. Double taking at seeing both Amanda and Jen fully naked.

‘What the fuck is happening?’ Rachel asked confused.

‘Come on Rach it’s feel-good time, say something nice about Amanda’s bod and then drop your towel’ Jen said

‘Oh er, well Amanda goodness you look good your boobs are huge’ Rachel said ‘I have to drop my towel? Really?’

Rachel looked awkward.

‘Right, I can’t believe I’m doing this’ Rachel giggled as she swiftly dropped her towel while closing her eyes. Revealing a still moist, slender body. Her breasts were small but pert. Rachel’s stomach was flat and toned and her vagina was completely shaved giving them all a clear view of her lips. Rachel opened her eyes and blushed while looking at the others.

‘Wow, Rachel you are stunning getting better with age I think’ Jen said.

‘You’re so toned’ Amanda said quietly.

‘Wow I can’t get over your boobs Amanda they are fantastic, you breastfed too yeah?’ Rachel responded.

‘Yeah, I did’ Amanda smiled.

‘I see you’ve lost what little bush you had in uni’ Jen stated.

‘Yeah, Jason likes it, although I’m missing it now as you guys are seeing so much that’s not fair’ Rachel blushed realising just how much of her was on show.

‘It’s all good don’t you worry’ Jen said, nodding her head with approval.

Amy was now stood very quietly; she was stunned by seeing Rachel nude. They’d been friends for a long time, but Amy couldn’t ever remember seeing all of her like this, sure they get changed together occasionally but they’d never look at each other directly. Rachel was simply stunning Amy thought.

Amy also knew where this was heading. As if reading her mind all the women turned to a nervous looking Amy.

‘Looks like it’s your turn beautiful’ Jen smiled at Amy with a wink clearly enjoying the turn of events. Amy’s heart was beating fast, but she was secretly quite enjoying the whole event. Amy took a breath loosened her towel and dropped it. The sensation of being naked with 3 sets of eyes staring at her was very strange. She stood naked for what seemed like an age while the others stared mouths open.

‘Just wow, I think we have a winner. You are one gorgeous girl’ Jen said eyes wide taking in Amy’s olive skinned body, her pert c cup breasts standing to attention in the now cool room, Amy sported a small well-groomed pubic bush much tidier then Jen and Amanda’s.

‘I’ve always loved your boobs Am’s’ Rachel said.

‘Can you turn around please’ Amanda shyly asked.

‘Of course,’ Amy said surprised at the request from Amanda.

‘You bum is just so pert and amazing’ Amanda said.

Both Jen and Rachel nodded in agreement.

‘Girls we are all stunning’ Jen said ‘Don’t ever forget that ok, now you girls going to say anything to me’ Jen questioned motioning to her body.

‘Jen you are fucking hot, and you know it’ Rachel said.

‘Yes, I am’ Jen said ‘thank you all for the bank memories.

‘Oh, Jen no, you can’t wank over your friends’ Rachel laughed

Jen winked ‘Get in the shower hotness’ she shouted to Amy who had now been stood frozen in place for quite some time.

All the women quickly got on with getting ready seemingly embarrassed about what had occurred, apart from Jen who did secretly pleasure herself during her shower thinking about what had just happened, coming in record time.

Within 30 minutes they were all ready and off out into town for a night out.

*005*2024-01-23 12:11

The next 2 chapters of the story. There are 8 chapters in total. So we are nearly at the end.

Chapter 5

The women went on to have a fantastic night out. Jen was in great form an even managed to get some free drinks in the restaurant by telling the waiter she had a great story to tell him for some freebies. She shared what happened in the room and the waiter was suitably impressed giving them quite a few free drinks. Later on they all started sharing embarrassing moment stories Rachel’s was being caught fully naked streaking while a uni. Jen found this hilarious as it was unsurprisingly her idea to go streaking and she had avoided detection on that specific evening, while Rachel was caught by a number of other students. Amanda shared a story about walking in on her farther in law changing and seeing the ‘whole damn show’, as Jen put it. Jen even pressed Amanda who begrudgingly answered that the farther in law was better endowed than her husband. Amanda ensured full secrecy following this admission.

Jen really struggled as she wasn’t one to suffer embarrassment easily she finally landed on a story where back when she swung both ways she met a Greek lad on holiday she was making out with him in the beach when he asked her for what she translated as a golden shower. Jen being quite kinky thought nothing of it and within seconds of the request had let out a full torrent of urine through her knickers and onto the Greek lads chest. He was stunned and asked what she did that for, you asked she said. It turns out he had just called her beautiful. Howls of laughter erupted around the table with Jen stating she went fully lesbian soon afterwards - women are more flexible to errors she said. With that it was Amy’s turn to share so with renewed confidence and the knowledge that she wasn’t the only one to pee on a man accidentally she told them about the the night out with Dan. They were all 100% on her side.

‘What a knob, he should have looked after you so you could have gone’ Rachel said

‘Sounds hot to me’ Jen laughed

‘If that’s your only ever accident you’ve gone well’ Amanda said ‘I’ve always been prone to the odd leak, although maybe not quite as public as that’

‘Me too’ Rachel said ‘You’ll remember that time at school’ she nodded at Amy.

Amy did remember well, in a GCSE exam Rachel a totally flooded herself mid exam then had to finish the exam sat in a puddle of pee’

‘And I remember that day at leeds festival Rach’ Jen pipped up ‘How many times did you end up wetting yourself 4/5??’

‘What!!’ Amy said I never heard this?

‘It sounds worse than it was’ Rachel stated ‘It was the last day we got a great spot for guns and roses. I was desperate, We tried to find somewhere close by but I couldn’t hold so ended up wetting myself a little bit’ Rachel said signalling a little bit with her fingers.

‘Little bit?!? Try a total flooding, fully drenching yourself at 20 years old’ Jen smirked.

‘Right ok, yes I fully pissed myself it was gross. It thankfully started raining really heavy so an hour or so in we were all wet through anyway. I needed to go again a bit later, we had a really good spot but I needed to go. Jen it’s fault as you suggested it, anyway I just did it again in my shorts all down my legs’

‘I didn’t think you’d do it’ Jen replied

‘Oh god you did it on purpose?’ Amy asked

‘This really doesn’t sound good but yes I did, full wee stood there in public nobody knew a thing. It was quite liberating actually’ Rachel laughed

‘Who am I maid of honour for? I knew none of this’ Amanda said

‘It was a long time ago, I much more respectable now’ Rachel smirked with raised eyebrows from Jen and Amy.

‘You said 4/5 times?’ Amy asked

‘Err yeah well I did it again a few times. I was very drunk. To be honest I probably went about 10 times that day you just didn’t know about the smaller ones Jen, I didn’t use the toilet for the whole last day’ Rachel covered her face in embarrassment at the revelation.

‘Oh god, your knickers must have been rotten by the end of that day’ Jen replied

‘Yeah it wasn’t the smartest idea ever, I had rashes for about a week later and just couldn’t feel clean. I was drunk thought I had worked out a shortcut in life and failed miserably’ Rachel said

‘What a tramp, honestly who’d have thought that such a cute blond would be so filthy’ Jen remarked

‘Wow, well that is quite the day, makes me feel much better’ Amy said.

‘Well most of mine was on purpose’ Rachel defended

‘And that’s better?’ Amy said

‘Errr I think so, is it…I don’t know. I think we both lost that one’ Rachel agreed

‘Dear me do I need to get some pampers?’ Jen asked

‘Haha I think we’re ok’ Rachel replied ‘but with that in mind must dash’ with that Rachel headed to the loo.

Chapter 6

A few more hours passed with all 4 women fairly drunk. They had headed to a club and had spent the last couple of hours dancing. Rachel in particular was extremely drunk and was dancing seductively with pretty much anything that moved. Amy and Amanda despite having a great time we’re now hitting the wall - it was 1:30am after all. Jen headed over to them both

‘I think we should head off soon, Rachel is getting bit bit over the top’ she said. Wow Amy thought if Jen’s saying that she must really be drunk. Amy’s bladder was quite full so she decided to head to the loo, Amanda joined her. There was some commotion in the toilets and there was a huge standstill queue. Amy crossed her legs with the urge intensifying quickly, she looked at Amanda who seemed desperate too. 5 minutes past and no movement. The next thing Jen was approaching.

‘Girls, we need to go now. Rachel’s being thrown out’ she shouted.

‘Ah shit’ Amy looked at the line still not moving at all and knew she had to leave. ‘Right we need to find a toilet ASAP outside, what has she done?’ Amy asked

‘She got her tits out’ Jen said shaking her head. Amy was surprised usually it was the other way round. They quickly found Rachel outside arguing with the bouncers.

‘You just, just can’t handle real a real women in here’ she stumbled. Amy instantly noticing that Rachel’s left breast was still fully exposed from her white lace top. Amy quickly ran and pulled up her top.

‘Come on Rach let’s move on’ Amanda said

As they all guided her away.

Once outside they all decided that they had no idea how to get back to the hotel from where they were and decided a taxi would be best. At this point Rachel was long gone stumbling all over the place. Amy and Amanda were both quite desperate to use the toilet.. Amy noticed her bladder had began to feel much like it did that fateful night with Dan. However being even more drunk and being where they were she was less worried about the thought of an accident. However, all the pubs were now closed and the toilet options were now non existent.

‘Right ladies, it’s an alleyway or try and make the hotel’ Jen said straight to the point. They agreed a taxi to the hotel was the best option. They headed to the taxi rank. Amy was struggling to walk without leaking.

‘How are you?’ She asked Amanda who had gone very quiet.

‘I really need to find a loo quick before it’s too late’ she replied.

They all hobbled towards the taxi queue noticing that when they arrived it was huge.

‘Ah no, I can’t do that’ said Amy

Jen went to see how long the queue was a quickly returned ‘it’ll be 30 minutes for a taxi but apparently we are only about 20 minutes away from the hotel. Maybe 30 with her’ she nodded towards Rachel who was trying to seductively dance to a group of lads walking by before pulling her top down again revealing her small breast.

‘Rachel!!’ Amanda shrieked ‘what has got in to you?’ She quickly helped cover her up.

‘They loved it’ she laughed and she wasn’t wrong.

‘Right seriously I need a wee desperately’ Amy stated, with a certain degree of authority.

‘Me too’ Amanda said as her face winced in pain.

They all headed off towards the hotel while also on the look out for a quiet spot to pee.

5 minutes into the walk Amy was very close to the edge. She felt her bladder release slightly into her dark shorts dampening her knickers slightly.

‘Guys we need to find somewhere urgently, I’m starting to lose it’ she said

Amanda was quiet with a pained expression still on her face.

‘You need a w,weeeee wee’ Rachel stuttered

Bouncing up and down.

‘Just a little bit yes’ Amy grimaced sarcastically

‘I’ll help helps you! Think of a waterfall, listen to water falling weeee, down onto the floor legs wet. Wee wee…..’ Rachel trailed off giggling.

‘Not helpful at all’ Amy stated looking for somewhere secluded to go but everywhere was busy with no quiet spots. Jen was up ahead scouting trying to lead the way.

‘Sorry ladies, struggling to find a quiet spot for you, you think you might make it?’ Jen asked

‘I close to breaking point’ Amy stated, Amanda agreeing she was too.

‘Here’s good, look’ said Rachel who I one fail swoop whipped her pink thong knickers down and her flowery skirt up and released a huge gush of urine from her tidy shaved privates. The 3 girls were stunned watching this as were passers by as she was in the middle of a busy street,

‘Ah fuck, Rachel not a good place babe. Come on finish up and pull your knickers up’ Jen urged but Rachel was mid stream of a huge wee. The splattering sound and view of Rachel’s torrent escaping was proving too much for Amy as she felt her bladder began to contract

‘Oh shit, shit, No’ she wailed jamming her hand into crotch but she knew the end was near and dribbles began to escape. She looked over to Amanda who had been very quiet and noticed that her expression was now one of shear panic.. She looked down and noticed the crotch on Amanda’s light jeans was beginning to darken and glisten as she too was losing control. Amy quickly grabbed Amanda’s hand and dragged her over to the side of the road next to some bins. It wasn’t exactly secluded but it was better than where Rachel was.

‘Oh god’ Amanda moaned it won’t stop. Amy looked and Amanda’s jeans now had a huge glistening wet patch all down her legs with a sizeable puddle forming at her feet, she was now having a full blown accident. Amy herself continued to release steady streams into her dark shorts but was still just about in control, she looked to undo her belt and shorts but in her drunken state was unable to do this at any reasonable pace. Within a couple of seconds her bladder began its full release with all control lost. Urine spread through her shorts and trickled directly from her shorts. Amy gave up fighting and stood with her legs apart. She looked at Amanda who had tears in her eyes.

‘At least you’re not alone this time’ Amanda said while sniffling with emotion.

Amy nodded embarrassed that here she was again fully wetting herself as a grown woman but somewhat thankful that it was less embarrassing that the last time. She looked over to Rachel and Jen. Rachel was making quite the scene and despite the fact 2 women were fully wetting themselves only feet away people were totally oblivious thanks to Rachel. A group of lads were lea-ring at her as she pulled up her knickers. She turned and flashed her bare bum at them as the wolf whistles came back at her. ‘Nah tastes of piss’ one shouted at her

‘There’s a nice big puddle here if you want to lick it up’ Rachel shouted back. Amy was amused by Rachel’s fight in such a situation. Amy’s forceful stream had now died down and eventually ended. She looked at Amanda,

‘You done?’ Amy asked

‘Yes’ Amanda sniffed ‘but how can I go anywhere like this? You’re alright you can barely tell’ Amy looked down and it was true her shorts hid the damage remarkably well, the only give away were her olive tanned legs glistening with fresh urine. Amanda on the other hand had nowhere to hide her light jeans were soaked with an huge and obvious urine stain.

‘Most people are drunk and won’t notice’ Amy reasoned although she doubted this to be true ‘let’s get back to the hotel.’ They quickly left their huge rejoined the others Jen had just about got Rachel to calm down a little.

‘Where the fuck did you two run off…..oh’ Jen said catching a glimpse of Amanda soaked trousers. ‘Sorry you didn’t make it, how about you?’ She looked at Amy.

Amy blushed ‘No I didn’t make it either, just lucky with the shorts I guess’

‘Not so much your legs hey’ Jen remarked noticing her soaking legs.

‘Oh no, you two did wee accidents in pants’ Rachel announced drunkenly ‘Should have done what I did’ she continued.

‘Er no strangely I think our option was better as bad a that sounds’ Amy replied.

‘Honestly I should have got those pampers i mentioned earlier’ Jen joked ‘When we get back I’ve got something important to show you all, ok’ they all nodded. They finally made it back to the hotel about 30 minutes late with no further mishaps - well Rachel did flash her bum once. They headed up to the room. As they entered Jen said ‘stop here I want you all to watch something very important ok? You must stay there at the bathroom door and watch closely ok?’

They all stood and nodded gently swaying while still very drunk. Jen stood in front of them.

‘I’m Jen, age 32 years old. I feel the need to urinate, this is a toilet….’

‘All right we get it’ Amanda moaned

‘No no I want you to watch it’s important. I Jen 32 who needs to loo will disrobe’ she pulled her dark tights and denim jeans down to her ankles revealing her pubic mound once more.

‘I shall sit on the loo and release my urine in said loo’ and with that Jen sat down and let out a huge gush of pee. The others tried to look away. ‘Ah no, note this bit is important note my pee here’ she pointed at the releasing stream, the women all nodded and smiled. ‘Is entering the toilet and not my knickers/shorts…Amy and Amanda and not the middles of a street Rachel’ the 3 girls blushed and laughed.

‘Thanks for that Jen, I’m clear on it now’ Amy joked as she headed into the room to remove her soaked shorts and knickers.

*006*2024-01-30 10:01

So here’s the final 2 chapters of this story. I have started work on a sequel which follows Amy at the wedding, if there is interest in it let me know and I will post once it’s ready.

Chapter 7

Amy had wanted to jump into the bathroom to get cleaned up before bed however not long after making it back to the room Rachel had started being sick and was now hogging the bathroom. Amanda had nipped in the help her a bit but it was not a good sight as Rachel’s evening of excess had now fully caught up with her. Amy herself was extremely drunk and the room was spinning violently. Amy was currently lay on bed with a towel around her naked bottom half but with her green top from the night still on her top half. Amy was also now fairly desperate to wee again. So much so that she looked around the room for something to go in but barring a small bottle there were no real options surely Rachel won’t be too long now. With her head spinning Amy closed her eyes to try and calm the feelings of nausea and desperation own.

The next thing she knew she was with Dan they were off for a walk in the sun, they headed out and were walking across rocky terrain. Amy was feeling an urge to pee during the walk. She mentioned this to Dan and he said they’ll head off home. They made their way back to his car with Amy’s urge growing and growing. Amy got in the car her need now reaching desperate levels. Dan got in a began to drive. Amy was feeling highly anxious that urge would some become impossible to hold back. She told Dan to hurry and he just turned to her and snapped ‘You can hold it! Your not a baby’ and he began to drive extremely slowly.

‘Please hurry’ Amy pleaded, ‘I’m not going to make it’

Dan looked at her and smiled ‘Oh you’ll make it’. Confused Amy was now beyond desperate but Dan drive slower and slower until he stopped altogether. He then turned towards Amy and starred at her. Amy was very confused ‘Dan please we need to go now I’m desperate’. ‘So you’re a baby then’ he replied with a nasty aggressive tone.

‘No I’m not everyone needs to go at some point. Please Dan don’t make me do this’ she begged

‘Do what, your the one who’ll do it, not me’

‘What?? Please, no come on.’ Amy pleaded still bewildered by the ongoing events. Suddenly outside rain started pouring down torrentially they were also parked next to a fast flowing river. All this was making Amy’s need worse, she was on the verge of peeing in Dan’s car. Why won’t he let me go she thought. ‘If your not a baby you won’t need this’ Dan stated holding up an adult nappy. ‘What?? why do you even have that?’ Amy asked horrified ‘why would you ever need it’

‘Again it seems you’re confused I don’t need it, but can you hold on like a grown up or do you need this like the baby you are?’

‘I am grown up, needing to pee is also a grown up issue too, grown ups can need help at times. Please just help me’ she pleaded her bladder now on the verge of letting go. Dan swung the nappy at her, ‘it’s your choice’ he stated. She looked the nappy and ridiculously began to contemplate wearing it, a second later the nappy vanished but she realised she was now somehow wearing it with soft padding around her crotch and bottom. ‘Good girl’ Dan said. Amy’s urge was overwhelming and before she knew it she felt her bladder begin to release in the nappy………

Amy suddenly jolted awake to darkness unaware of where she was. The one thing she was aware of was a steady stream of urine releasing and a warmth gathering under her bottom. Then she realised, Shit I’m in bed, shit I’m in the hotel bed with Rachel and I’m peeing….shit!!! Amy struggled to stem to flow only briefly stopping to but then releasing little bursts every couple of seconds. Amy tried to get up but her head was spinning like never before.

As she stood she realised she was in her towel but realised to late, she attempted to take a step but tripped over the towel fully launching herself forward onto the darkness. Amy landed sooner than she thought but onto a mixture of softness and hardness. The fall had also caused her bladder to release more firmly. Amy was totally disoriented she felt movement below her as she lay on her front. All this happening in split seconds but for Amy it felt like ages. Amy was also aware that she had lost her towel in the fall. She was now somewhere in the room half naked and peeing in short bursts desperate to find the loo somewhere in the darkness before another humiliating total loss of control. Suddenly brightness greeted Amy’s eyes not helping her disorientation one bit.

‘What the fuck, Amy what are you doing?’

Amy was suddenly all to aware where she was she was lay face down on Jen and Amanda’s bed, with them in it and right on top of Jen.

‘Oh shit, sorry I tripped’ Amy frantically whispered trying to turn onto her back while still uncontrollably peeing in little bursts. Upon turning over Amy revealed a sizeable wet spot of pee right on top of Jen’s duvet. It also revealed Amy’s crotch to Jen making it clear to Jen that Amy was having another accident.

‘Oh fuck Amy are you pissing my bed, what the…’ Jen cried

‘Oh god I’m so sorry’ Amy cried trying to somehow move away from the bed but her body was betraying her with little control in more ways than one. With a sudden thud Amy had managed to roll off the bed and landed straight onto the floor winding herself if the process. The thud on the floor removed Amy’s last remnant of control as her bladder fully released itself on one long hiss right onto the hotel carpet. Amy was winded, her head spinning and trying to compute what was happening as the warmth of fresh urine soaked into the carpet below her naked bottom. Meanwhile Jen sat in bed watching Amy this stunningly attractive girl wet herself for second time tonight with her privates on full display. Amy stared up to Jen not sure what she was thinking and wondering how she would ever make it up to her.

After a somewhat awkward 45 seconds Amy’s stream finally died down and stopped. A tear left Amy’s eye, she should get up to clean up but she now felt really ill and the room was spinning worse than ever. She felt the worst had already happened so lying down longer won’t do any harm. After a few minutes Jen asked ‘Hey, Amy are you ok down there? You need any help cleaning yourself up?’

‘Thank you’ Amy replied ‘I’m not feeling too good so I’m going to stay here a bit’

‘Good not sure I’m in any state to help’ Jen replied

‘I’m so sorry for weeing on you’ Amy whimpered

‘You’re crazy but it’s fine’ Jen said ‘Here cover up with this’ Jen passed Amy the towel from the floor ‘Oh, looks like you got this a bit too’ she said. Amy put the towel over her fully intending to get up soon to tidy up. Jen switched off the lights and quietly pleasured herself under the sheets after experiencing one of the hottest moments of her life. Amy meanwhile somehow drifted off back to sleep on the hard floor lay in her large puddle of wee. Remarkably Rachel and Amanda had both slept through the drama.

Chapter 8

Amy eyes were greeted by sun light as her head pounded. Her back was in agony as she realised she was sleeping on the floor. What’s more Amy’s bottom half was naked covered by a wet towel and the floor her bare bum was lay on was very damp. Her bottom was also very itchy. Amy was trying to piece together what had happened but was already feeling somewhat mortified as it didn’t feel great. She sniffed the wet towel and could instantly tell it was drying urine. Her heart raced, she moved steadily on the floor still feeling rather delicate and sniffed the patch she lay in…urine again.

Shit, shit she thought I’ve wet the bed….well the floor….fick how have I done that? She internally questioned. She stumbled to her feet her bottom half fully nude. She noticed that thankfully the others were still sleeping. She stumbled to her bed where she was meant to be sleeping with Rachel. Thankfully Rachel was still asleep and by the looks of it was sleeping nude or at least the top half of her was with her small pert breasts above the duvet. Amy noticed a small damp patch where she would have slept. She bent over and was sniffing it.

‘Well good morning me’ Jen said from behind Amy. Amy jumped and suddenly realised that she had been leaning in a way that meant her bare bum was practically in Jen’s face.

‘Oh god I’m so sorry’ Amy spluttered

‘Don’t be that was a stunning view to wake up to’ Jen smiled causing Amy to blush even more as she quickly picked up the damp towel to cover her modesty.

‘Trying to work out what happened?’ Jen asked

‘Er, no nothings happened. Why? What do you know?’ Amy asked trying to remain calm.

‘Haha the all seeing eye knows it all Amy’ Jen joked ‘But seriously Amy don’t worry you just started wetting the bed, jumped out of bed, tripped over your towel in the process pulling it off, landing on top of me giving me an impromptu lap dance with additional golden shower’

‘I, I did what?’ Amy’s mouth dropped humiliation gripping her.

‘Yep, I woke up with lay flat on top of me, your bare arse right here’ Jen motioned to her chest. ‘I flipped the light on and your were totally out of it, you turned over on to your back and that’s when I realised you were peeing a bit , I got a real good view’ Jen smirked. ‘Look my duvet is wet’ She invited Amy to have a feel which she did in a look of horror.

‘You then kind of turtle rolled off the bed, and fell off with a thud, it was pretty funny like. Oh and then you lay flat on your back and just totally pissed yourself where you lay’

‘Oh my god, what the hell is wrong with me’ Amy started to cry, tears streamed down her face ‘I’m so sorry I’m mortified I can’t believe I peed on you’

‘Hey don’t worry about it we all do daft things. Last night you 3 in particular were on great form. You all seem to have some bladder issues - what you wet yourself twice, Rachel peed in full view of everyone and then wet herself back here and even Amanda drenched her jeans once’

‘What Rachel wet herself here?’

‘Oh yeah you were asleep by then. Yeah she was being sick in the loo and just totally let go all over the floor, she wasn’t in a good way. Anyway you owe me one at the wedding agreed’ Jen said

Amy nodded not even thinking what it may be.

‘We all had a great night, we’ll have some great stories to keep between ourselves obviously. Nobody was hurt so all is good ok. Anyway I’d advise you have a shower you’ve peed yourself twice since your last wash, so go and grab a shower before you get a rash like Rachel did back in the day’ Jen laughed. With that Amy slowly got up and headed to the shower. She entered the bath room and noticed Rachel’s skirt and underwear from the previous night, she picked them up and as Jen had said they were damp with the aroma of urine.

This made Amy feel a little bit better about herself but she did wonder what was wrong with them all. Amy showered and once done she entered the bedroom where everybody was now awake. They all had a good giggle and shared their mortifying stories from the night before. Rachel in particular was devastated with her behaviour stating that she could never show her face in Newcastle again. The time came to pack up and head home. Amy, Rachel and Amanda were all feeling somewhat icky having to pack their still damp clothes.

They all headed off from the hotel and said their goodbyes to each other. Jen finished by saying ‘Girls the wedding in 2 weeks, please can we all keep our knickers dry?’

They all nodded and laughed heading off in their own directions home.

