Wet Sunset Hidden in Plain Sight

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-03-03 20:56

Another Equestria Girls fanfic based on various scenarios I recently thought of.

Wet Sunset Hidden in Plain Sight

Sunset Shimmer had a deep secret that she never told her friends, because she was sure they'd either be disgusted or make fun of her. She loved to pee herself when no one else would notice.

In the first summer after their graduation, the girls were hanging out at the park. Sunset was wearing her original outfit of a purple tank top and an orange miniskirt. She would usually wear her summer shorts, but she had gotten them dirty by falling into the mud, and although she had rinsed them, she had not put them in the washing machine yet, but this outfit was just as good. Besides, it wasn't just mud her shorts had been saturated with.

They had just finished having a picnic at the park, in which Sunset had drank a lot of water and two cans of soda. They were now going for a walk, enjoying the warm weather and the beautiful scenery of the park, when Sunset felt an urge to pee. She ignored it for now, and continued walking with her friends.

As they were walking past some bushes, Sunset went from uncomfortable to desperate. She stopped.

"You all right, sugarcube?" said Applejack.

"I have to go to the bathroom," said Sunset.

"You can go behind the bushes," said Twilight. "We won't look."

Sunset walked behind the bushes where she was sure her lower half would be well out of sight. Her friends all looked away, as promised. Sunset hiked up her skirt, but deliberately left her black panties up before she started to pee. She sighed in relief, enjoying the warm wetness as her stream soaked her underwear and flowed onto the grass below her. She took a naughty pleasure in peeing her underwear outside. She hoped the other girls wouldn't find out, but this wasn't the first time she had done this.

Once Sunset finished peeing, she stood up and walked over to her friends. Her panties were drenched, but her skirt hid the wetness well.

"Feel better?" said Fluttershy.

"Much better," said Sunset, and they continued their walk. The summer heat dried Sunset's panties in no time, and no one had a clue what she just did.

...

In fall, the girls felt like going for a swim. They all got diving masks so they could breathe, and wetsuits to keep them warm under the cold water. Fluttershy of course would always wear a wetsuit to the beach, which quickly became full of her sweat, soaking her white tank top and spandex shorts underneath. But in this cool weather, she wasn't sweating at all.

Sunset's wetsuit was skintight and black with some orange areas on it. Underneath she wore her new swimsuit, short, black, spandex swim shorts and a matching top resembling a sports bra.

The girls stepped into the water at the edge of the beach, and slowly walked deeper into the water. The water entered their wetsuits through the zippers and other openings, soaking their swimsuits underneath, but they stayed warm. Once they were deep enough, the girls dove underwater. They split up and swam around, enjoying the underwater scenery.

"This is simply divine!" said Rarity.

Applejack and Rainbow Dash raced each other to some coral, while Fluttershy swam with some fish and other sea creatures, and Twilight examined coral and other aquatic stuff on the floor of the lake.

After about an hour of underwater fun, they eventually started swimming back to shore, one by one. Sunset was the first to return, and as she was swimming back, she realized how badly she needed to pee. She hadn't used the bathroom since her morning pee, and had drank a big cup of coffee this morning before the ride.

Her friends were all still underwater, and even if they weren't it would still be easy to hide. After making sure all the water was out of her wetsuit, Sunset closed her eyes and let go. She sighed in relief as the warm wetness spread through the lower part of her wetsuit. A loud hissing noise could be heard, and she blushed a little, knowing if anyone was close by they would hear it.

A few seconds after Sunset finished peeing her wetsuit, Twilight swam to shore. "Oh my gosh, that was amazing," she said. "I got to study so much of this underwater stuff up close!"

"It was pretty fun, wasn't it?" said Sunset, trying not to sound nervous, for her wetsuit was filled with pee and Twilight didn't even know it.

"I'll just sit over there and wait for the others to return," said Twilight. She walked a bit of a distance from Sunset and sat down, closing her eyes. Sunset wasn't sure why. Maybe Twilight was a little tired and needed to relax. Sunset also sat down on the sand as Rainbow Dash and Applejack resurfaced. Pinkie Pie was the next to return after them, seeming amused about something as she was giggling softly. Then came Fluttershy, who blushed lightly as soon as she was near Sunset.

After Rarity returned, they got back in their van, with Twilight driving, and headed back home, still in their wetsuits. Sunset was the last to be returned to her house besides Twilight herself, so she had to sit in her pee for the entire ride, and she liked it.

...

Next week, the girls were at the local swimming pool. As it was inside, they were wearing their swimsuits without their wetsuits this time (except Fluttershy, who wore her wetsuit as usual). Rainbow Dash and Applejack were racing each other, of course, and Fluttershy was swimming in the shallower sections with Rarity.

They'd go down the waterslides, play with a beach ball, and have fun splashing each other, or have contests for who could hold their breath longer.

Until, after about an hour and a half, Sunset needed to pee. It usually wouldn't get so intense this fast, but all the water made her have to go more than usual. She didn't want to make a habit of peeing in the pool, as many pools forbad it. So, she climbed out of the pool and made her way to the bathrooms, being careful not to rush and slip.

She made it to the bathroom, holding herself, and walked into a stall, closing and locking it. With her swim shorts still up, she sat on the toilet and started to pee. "Ahhhhhhhh..."

As her pee splashed into the toilet, she enjoyed the warm wetness on the crotch and butt of her shorts. They were already wet anyway, so why shouldn't she?

After she finished, she patted her shorts dry with toilet paper and looked in the toilet. The water was yellow. Her pee was not diluted, and surely smelled. After flushing, she stepped back into the showers and rinsed herself off. Once all signs of her wetting had been washed away, she returned to the pool and continued to have fun. No one suspected what she had done.

Sunset also didn't notice Pinkie pee in the pool, as this pool had no regulations against it.

...

The following day, the girls were going to see a new movie that was rather long. Once they got their tickets, they walked to the snack counter to get some snacks. Sunset got some popcorn and an extra large Sprite.

"You sure you wanna drink that for this movie?" said Applejack. "It's 2 hours and 45 minutes long. You'll miss part of it havin' to go to the bathroom."

"I can hold it," said Sunset. The truth was, she probably wouldn't, but they didn't need to know she was wearing a diaper under her jeans. That way she wouldn't miss any of the movie, or worry about peeing all over the seats or humiliating herself in front of her friends. She had, of course, tested them first, waiting until she got really desperate then wetting her diaper, and was pleased at how it had been able to contain all the wetness while leaving her pants dry. She was also wearing her underwear under her diaper. She'd have a little more fun with it this way.

They walked into the theater and sat side by side. As the movie began, Sunset ate some of her popcorn and took a big slurp of her soda. About half an hour in, Sunset had finished both.

About halfway through the movie, there was a big action sequence, and Sunset really needed to pee. She didn't worry about this and held it until it became too distracting to focus on the movie, and then she let it all out. She enjoyed the relief, and the warm wetness felt nice. Her underwear was soaked, but her diaper protected her jeans and the seat. Sunset got quite a naughty pleasure of peeing herself right next to her friends, and they didn't even notice.

She sat through the rest of the movie in her wet diaper and panties, really enjoying how it felt.

...

In winter, the girls were skiing down a series of hills at a ski resort. They were all wearing winter coats and snow pants, and Sunset was wearing jeans underneath her grey snow pants.

Fluttershy, of course, was skiing down the smaller hills, while Rainbow Dash and Applejack were racing each other down the steepest hills. Rarity was skiing gracefully, and Pinkie Pie went off as many jumps as she could, having a lot of fun.

After a bit of skiing, they went inside to have some lunch. Sunset got some sandwiches and a hot chocolate, along with a 1-liter bottle of soda. All the other girls except Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, and Fluttershy used the bathroom during this lunch break, despite Rainbow and Pinkie having drank a lot of soda themselves, and Fluttershy having a smaller bladder.

After they were done eating, they went back outside and continued to ski in their preferred ways. Sunset and Twilight rode a ski lift up a medium hill together, but as they were halfway there, Sunset felt her drinks go through her. She hid her need to pee from Twilight. She knew exactly what she was going to do, and Twilight couldn't find out.

They reached the top of the hill, by which time Sunset was barely able to keep from holding herself. Sunset had taught Twilight how to ski last winter, and she was getting really good at it.

"Ready, Twilight?" said Sunset.

"Ready," said Twilight.

They started to ski down the hill. As they did, Sunset looked beside her to make sure Twilight wasn't too focused on what she was doing. Looking back ahead, Sunset started to pee. She continued to ski beside Twilight as her jeans became soaked. The inside her her snow pants took much of the damage but absorbed most of the wetness so that it didn't show on the outside. She could hear the hissing sound, and knew that if they had been sitting side by side, Twilight would hear it. But they were skiing downnhill, and Twilight was enjoying this too much to notice little details like this.

Sunset got quite a naughty thrill out of peeing her pants in public. She didn't have to feel embarrassed about it because no one would ever find out. She wouldn't get out of these snow pants until she was back home, then she could change out of her wet jeans and wash them and her snow pants, and no one would be the wiser. She also liked how warm it felt in the cold, and the snow pants would keep her warm, however wet she was.

She finished wetting herself before they reached the bottom of the hill.

"Let's do that again!" said Twilight.

"Sure," said Sunset, and they rode the ski lift up. Sunset's heart was beating faster at sitting right next to Twilight in wet jeans and snow pants. But the wetness still didn't show, and Twilight didn't notice a smell.

She skied for another few hours in her wet pants, enjoying this aspect of it as much as the skiing or hanging out with her friends. Sunset had to pee again once more, and she went in her snow pants again, which got wetter on the inside but remained dry on the outside.

Eventually, the girls took off their skis and gathered next to their van.

"You... are dropping us off at home, right?" said Fluttershy a little nervously.

"Of course," said Twilight. She wasn't sure what Fluttershy was so nervous about. She probably needed to use the bathroom and was too shy to say so. She had gone quite a while without using it, even though she didn't seem to be holding herself now.

Sunset sat in the front seat during the ride home. She was a little nervous that they might notice a smell now, but they didn't.

Twilight drove toward Fluttershy's house first. Fluttershy wasn't fidgeting even a little bit, but she wanted to be on the safe side. If she was right, she hoped Fluttershy could get her snow pants and jeans off in time, even though no one would know if she didn't make it.

...

In late spring, it was raining, but relatively warm out. Sunset enjoyed walking in the rain in her summer outfit, her white and pink T-shirt and some short, relatively tight gray shorts. Rainbow Dash and Applejack didn't mind doing sports in the rain, so why should she feel weird about walking in the rain?

After about an hour, Sunset needed to pee. Her shorts were already soaked through so she just peed in them as she walked. No one would even tell if they saw, because of how hard the rain was.

...

I had thought about doing another chapter where they catch Sunset wetting herself and reveal that they've all done similar things (as you might have guessed from a few of the scenes), I wasn't quite sure I could make it work though.

Of course I heard a lot of people on here pee their snow pants, and I recently found out it's pretty common - not even considered unusual or weird - to pee in a wetsuit (unless you're borrowing someone's wetsuit). Fluttershy has probably done this at least once. Though they'd usually do it in water, I had Sunset pee on land so the pee would stay for a while after.

*002*2019-03-05 04:14

I forgot one more thing: In this story, she has protective mattress on her bed, so often when she wakes up and doesn't feel like getting out of bed yet, she wets her pajamas and goes back to sleep.

