Luna and Ginny

Author: Tali'zorah

*000*2018-03-23 17:02

Here’s the Ginny and Luna story. Hope you enjoy. These two are actually favorite ship, so may as well write about them. Wrote this in Luna’s point of view. Hope you enjoy!

There are a couple of things I keep secret. They are the type of secret you really shouldn’t tell anyone, yet I did tell someone. She continued to be my best friend at Hogwarts, and I actually started to fall for her. Love is a beautiful thing, it’s something Nargles can’t steal, and if it is true, can’t be broken. When I first met her, she was crying, near the entrance to my dorms, and, she actually trusted me enough to tell me about the Diary, Tom Riddles. She felt horrible about what it made her do. All the Chaos, she blamed on herself. I simply just comforted her, let her know that it isn’t her fault, and that no matter what, the problem would be solved. I then did what I never thought I would do, told her my secrets.

I don’t own a single pair of socks. It is far to easy for Nargles to steal them, so why bother with them Also, they are weird to put on.

And, I also told her about how I actually liked to hold my pee until I wet and see others do the same. She found it weird, but didn’t judge. Basically saying she would support me, and would be glad to call me her friend, but won’t consider trying it.

Now, in our 4th year, things were, well, interesting. I was over at the Gryffindor common room with Ginny, my bare feet resting on her lap as she sits contemplating something. It was winter, so the fireplace was burning with delightful warmth. Seeing her red hair glow in the light of this little fire was making me melt. My fire for her was growing bigger than the one heating the room.

“Hey, Luna. You aren’t mad about Gryffindor beating Ravenclaw at Quidditch are you?”

“No, not at all. It was great seeing you and Harry in action.”

“Well, Michel got real bitter about Ravenclaw losing, so now I’m single.”

“He’s one of the ones who calls me Loony.”

“Really? Well, all the more reason to break it off with him. No one insults my friends and gets away with it, especially not you.”

“Be honest Ginny, am I crazy?”

She looks directly in my eyes, wide eyed. “Luna, you’re the perfect level of crazy. Honestly, you are perfectly amazing the way you are. Sure, you did spill some pretty deep secrets about yourself the first day we met, but look how close we are because of it. “

“So, I am Loony?”

“Not at all. Crazy, yes. But not in any way a bad kind of crazy. Luna,” She looks directly into my eyes, “Any guy would be lucky to have you.”

“Yeah, any guy.” I look down. Any guy? No, I’m not that interested in guys. Am I? Ginny has been the only one who I have really liked in that way.

“Did I say it wrong?” Ginny, she’s concerned about me. Have Nargles stolen my words? Can they even do that? My father and I may need to look into that.

Finally, I am able to speak, “Well, to be completely honest, I never have really liked any guy.”

“Oh.” She looks down, “So, you like girls?”

“I guess.”

“Well, I can’t say I’m shocked. It just adds to your amazing nature Luna.”

People call me dreamy, but that might be because of moments like this, with her. Her next question causes me to stop dead in my tracks.

“So, are there any girls you like?”

“Well, yeah.”

“Oh my god. I need to know Luna. Who?”

My head is looking down, I can’t tell her. What would that do? “I, I would rather not say, if that’s ok.”

“Oh come on, can’t you trust me?”

“Of course I trust you Ginny, I just, I guess I’m not entirely comfortable with this topic.”

“I guess that’s fair enough.”

She is shifting, a lot under where my feet lay. Does she need to pee? I wonder if she has been waiting for me to notice.

“Uh, Ginny, you do seem to be shifting around a lot. Is everything alright?”

“Well, yeah. I just have needed to use the loo for some time.” Ginny needs to pee? Why didn’t she go earlier? “So, if you will excuse me.”

“Well, What if I don’t want to move my feet?”

“Then I guess I would just need to find a way then.”

“Honestly Gin, could you just go right there?”

I didn’t mean to ask her, but part of me wants to see her wet herself. Also, my feet are rather comfortable where they are at.

“Well, These jeans are new, I don’t want to ruin them, and, also, I don’t want to ruin this furniture as well. My family doesn’t have enough to cover for it.”

“I guess that’s true. But, I still am comfortable where I am, and don’t want to move my legs anywhere.”

“Okay, well, did you think about this?” She starts scratching the soles of my feet, not enough to hurt, but enough for it to really tickle. It makes me jerk my feet back, leaving enough time for her to get up. “Come on, We both know how ticklish you are.”

“I know, but Ginny, will I ever get to see you have a wee in you pants?”

She looks at me, almost with a touch of sympathy. “Honestly, only under the right conditions.”

“Which are?”

“Well, I can’t say, but believe me, you can tell when you meet all of them.”

“Well, I may as well come to Ginny, I kinda need to go to.”

“Fine by me.”

We both walk toward the bathrooms, that’s when we see Hermione, holding her crotch, dancing around. She must really need the loo.

“Hey Hermione!” Ginny is quick to greet her.

“Hey Ginny, Hello Luna, Ugh, they really needed to lock these doors did they? I am honestly on the brink of wetting myself.”

“Are you telling me they locked the bathroom?”

“Apparently.”

I can’t help but ask Hermione, “Hermione, why didn’t you go before it became such an emergency?”

“I was studying. Seriously, how can either of you not? I usually study until I am bursting, and, at points like tonight, I sometimes wait until I am leaking.”

She is wearing jeans. Hermione is close to weeing herself in jeans.

Ginny speaks up, “This isn’t good at all, I’m going out to see if there are bathrooms open around Hogwarts. Hermione, you want to come?”

“Going out after Curfew? I wouldn’t dare. I would only do that to save Hogwarts and beyond, not for anything else, not even my bladder.”

“Luna, you want to go?”

“Sure,” What if Ginny doesn’t find a bathroom? And what about Hermione? “What do you plan to do Hermione?”

“Well, I do still have studying to do, so, I guess I have to find a way to wee some- NO!” It started, urine was dripping down her jeans, pouring out fast. Her light blue jeans were instantly becoming shades darker. Eventually, a puddle formed on the floor. Reaching both my feet and Ginny’s. It’s a shame she is wearing socks. If she decided to go barefoot, the pee wouldn’t be as hard to clean up. “I’m so sorry about this. This is embarrassing. Feels good, but I just can’t believe I weed myself like a child.” Hermione breaks down and starts crying. I walk over and hug her. Ginny does so to, but after taking off her socks.

“Hermione, It’s ok, accidents happen.”

“I know Ginny. I should probably get back to studying. You should go grab Harry’s invisibility cloak before going out, to avoid trouble.”

“Planning on it. Thanks Hermione.”

“Oh, and don’t bother with the unlocking spell on the door, its locked with magic.”

“Fair enough.”

I just saw Hermione Granger pee herself. However, that actually made whatever need to pee I had noticeable. This should be interesting. As Hermione walks away back to her room, Ginny whispers to me.

“You know she’s bi, right?”

“Really?”

“Yeah, Came out to me last year. Not even Ron or Harry know.”

“Well, I never knew that. And What about you?”

“Well,” She pauses, looking down, and also shifting her foot around. “I’m Bi.”

“Seriously? I didn’t see you as the type to like girls.”

“Well, there’s one I have my eye out for. Now, come on. We have to find a loo, and soon.”

“And if it’s not soon?”

“Well, then I wee myself.”

“Can you just do that now?”

Ginny looks at me, “I’m sorry Luna, I just can’t. At least not now.”

“Fine.”

“Now, let’s get going.”

“To the cloak?"

I nod in agreement. As much as I would love to see her wee herself, I don’t want to hurt this girl. I still remember the tears in her eyes. The ones that lamed herself for allowing the basilisk to escape, and who was controlled by the diary. She deserves better than that.

*002*2018-03-23 17:56

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent =D

}}

Thanks!

*006*2018-03-24 00:54

{{46 minutes ago, AliasnameTO said:

Finally Luna gets some love. :D I'd say she's actually the best written out of the three in here. But if this weren't an omo story I'd say none of them are acting like themselves. Except for Herms putting off a potty break when studying lol. I kind of want to do that scenario by itself.

But yeah, I love luna and see her as taking a super freeform approach to orientation and dating.

}}

Glad to see you enjoy. Honesty, might need to do some rereading to get more of the character of these three.

{{2 hours ago, McMuffin said:

Omg, Thank you! I love these three characters so its great somebody took the time to write about all three of them. This fanfic is great ^^ cant Wait for the next part!

}}

Gotta show some love to my favorites.

*007*2018-05-21 15:06

Plan to be back at this soon

*009*2018-05-23 23:51

{{On 5/22/2018 at 4:43 AM, OmoLem said:

A few slight issues, but overall a very well done and enjoyable story!

}}

Anything specific you wish to be improved on.

