Sunset Pees Where She Wants (2021) - Page 2

Author: The Dark Wolf

*025*2021-03-19 07:11

Chapter 10: Mass Peeing in the Car

For this chapter, Sunset will be wearing a black T-shirt and jeans, Twilight will be wearing her Legend of Everfree outfit again (I'm sorry, it's my favorite for her), Rarity will be wearing a light blue tank top and short skintight purple shorts, Fluttershy will be wearing a white tank top and short skintight green shorts, Rainbow Dash will be wearing a white T-shirt and short skintight blue shorts, Pinkie Pie will be wearing a pink and white T-shirt and short tight jean shorts, and Applejack will be wearing a white and green T-shirt and short, tight jean cutoffs.

...

It was about a week after Sunset and Twilight returned from their week's camping trip. As they had planned, they had stayed in their pajamas the entire time and not washed, and whenever they needed to pee they went in their pajamas. They smelled really bad by the time they got back, and their pajamas were filthy and, in the case of their pants, smelled strongly of pee. They gave each other a bath in their dirty pajamas until they were sparkling clean, spending extra time scrubbing each other's butts of course.

Now, the girls were all on another roadtrip, this time, to the soccer finals, which Rainbow Dash would be competing in tomorrow. The city where it was taking place was three hours away and the girls all wanted to be here to cheer for her. They had often been in the audience when she would run a race. Sometimes if it was a really long race she would wet her shorts after drinking so much; the same ones she was wearing now. Neither she nor anyone else really cared; she always won and the audience always loved her.

Twilight was driving, and Sunset sat in the front seat. Rarity and Applejack sat in the middle, and Rainbow Dash, Fluttershy, and Pinkie Pie sat in the back, Rainbow between the other two.

Once again, it took a while for the van to cool down with air conditioning so they each got an extra large slushy before leaving the city. They knew the effect it would have on them but they didn't care. In Sunset's case, she was looking forward to it.

As they approached a gas station just over half an hour out of town, Twilight asked "Does anybody have to go to the bathroom?"

The girls all shook their heads and said "No" or "I'm fine".

However, only ten minutes later, they were all hit with a sudden and intense urge to pee.

"Oh come on!" said Rainbow Dash. "I couldn't have had to pee ten minutes ago?"

The girls all fidgeted. Sunset and Twilight were the only ones who really had an interest in wetting, though Pinkie would enjoy it whenever it happened to her. But at this point they were all familiar with it, in part due to Sunset wetting herself all the time, and in part due to each of them having wet herself at least once.

Sunset waited a few moments, enjoying her desperation, then sighed in relief as she wet her pants. Everyone could hear her stream spraying her jeans, and everyone could smell her pee. Sunset enjoyed both as she felt the warm wetness spread through her crotch and butt.

Twilight was in desperate need of a bathroom but smiled as she knew Sunset was having fun. She leaked a little, dampening her shorts, but held the rest of it in.

"Sunset's peeing her pants!" said Pinkie. "I gotta go potty really bad, and I don't see why I can't follow her example!" Pinkie uncrossed her legs, stopped fidgeting, and peed in her shorts. She sighed of relief with a look of absolute pleasure on her face, though more for the relief than the act of peeing herself, but she was definitely enjoying this.

Rainbow chuckled a bit, then whimpered and crossed her legs, fidgeting tight. "How are you holding up, Fluttershy?"

Pinkie laughed at Rainbow's unintentional pun, and her stream grew stronger.

"I... I really have to go," Fluttershy said quietly, crossing her legs and fidgeting.

"Think you can hold it till the next gas station, Rares?" Applejack asked Rarity.

"Heavens, no," said Rarity. "I've told you a million times, I don't use public washrooms. They're so filthy. I'd rather go in my shorts." She held herself with both hands and moaned.

"Looks like your only options are one or the other," said Applejack. "Unless you think you can hold it another two hours."

Rarity responded by peeing her shorts. She sighed in relief as her crotch and butt became very wet. She knew she was being very unladylike but she didn't mind. It wasn't her first time, and wetting was no big deal for them.

"Feel better, Rares?" Applejack asked when Rarity finished peeing.

"Much better," Rarity said cheerfully. Her shorts were soaked but the relief felt so good.

"We might as well be wet together." The sound of a strong stream spraying denim could be heard as Applejack's jean shorts darkened rapidly and she sighed of relief.

"Awwwww," said Rarity with a smile.

"A little pee ain't no big deal," Applejack said unabashedly with a wink.

"It's rather a lot of pee, but I know what you mean."

"R... Rainbow Dash?" Fluttershy said timidly, holding herself and fidgeting lightly.

"Yes, Fluttershy?" Rainbow Dash replied, crossing her legs and fidgeting harder.

"I... I really don't think I'm gonna make it."

"You're sure this is gonna end wet for you?"

"Yes."

"Then let's pee on three. Sound good?"

Fluttershy blushed lightly but nodded.

"One... two... three."

Rainbow uncrossed her legs, Fluttershy stopped holding herself, and both desperate girls stopped fidgeting as they peed full force in their skintight shorts. They sighed of relief as their bladders grew emptier and their shorts grew wetter.

"You doing all right, Fluttershy?" Rainbow asked after a minute, still peeing.

"Mm-hmm." Fluttershy was blushing but smiling and leaning against Rainbow as she wet herself.

After about another minute, Rainbow and Fluttershy finished peeing.

"Ahhh, that's better," said Rainbow.

Fluttershy enjoyed the feeling of relief. She didn't care that she had peed herself and soaked her shorts. It was hardly her first time, she enjoyed peeing her wetsuit, and the other girls wet themselves from time to time too, and in Sunset's case, all the time. Besides, she kind of enjoyed wetting with Rainbow Dash, though they likely wouldn't get into the habit of doing it all the time as Sunset did.

"Well, since all of you wet yourselves, I suppose I might as well join you." Twilight sighed as she wet her shorts.

Sunset chuckled to herself as she saw the wet spot rapidly expanding and Twilight's seat being flooded. She knew Twilight really enjoyed this, and all her friends having wet themselves just now gave her the perfect excuse to do the same.

"Aw shucks," said Applejack. "I forgot to pack my pajamas."

"Me too," said Rarity.

"Me three!" said Pinkie.

"I may have forgotten to pack them too," said Rainbow Dash.

Fluttershy just giggled nervously.

"Me too, and I was so looking forward to wetting them tomorrow morning," said Sunset. "If they have mattress protection at the hotel, of course."

"I guess we're staying in our wet outfits the entire trip," said Twilight.

The girls all laughed. While most of them still didn't have a particular interest in wetting, they found this amusing and somewhat fun all the same.

...

An hour later, they stopped at a fast food restaurant and ordered some lunch. Then they continued on their way.

Four minutes later, Pinkie let out a series of wet farts.

"Pinkie!" said Rarity, for she was stinking up the van.

"Sorry," she said. "What I ate really didn't agree with me."

Rainbow Dash lifted her leg and let out a deep-pitched wet fart. Twilight opened all the windows of the van.

Over the next few minutes, Pinkie's farts grew wetter and stinkier. She knew the effect her food would have on her, but she didn't care, she loved it so much, and as no one had batted an eye at Applejack's messy accident at her wedding, she figured it wouldn't be a big deal if she did the same thing.

Which, eventually she did. Pinkie let out a very wet fart that, seconds in, released explosive diarrhea into her shorts. She simply giggled as she pooped herself uncontrollably.

"Oh my," said Rarity, fanning the air but not being overly put off by it.

"Looks like I had an accident in my shorts," Pinkie said with a smile. She let out a sloppy wet fart and soiled herself a little more.

"Ooh... Don't make me think about it," said Rainbow Dash. "I really have to go too." She let out a dirty wet fart.

"Then just go in your shorts, Dashie! It's not so bad!" PLORP! Pinkie giggled.

"Oh, why not?" Rainbow grunted and noisily pooped her shorts with hyperscat. She then sighed of relief.

"Feel better?" Fluttershy asked with a smile.

"Way better," said Rainbow Dash. "In fact... I actually really enjoyed that." BLART! She chuckled as she soiled herself a little more, and wiggled her butt in her mess. "You don't mind, do you Fluttershy?"

Fluttershy kissed her lightly. "Not in the least." She let out an airy fart and blushed but giggled.

...

Their shorts, in Sunset's case, pants, had dried by the time they arrived at their hotel, though of course Rainbow and Pinkie's shorts were still messy. Sunset walked into the lobby to check them into the hotel.

"Two rooms," Sunset said. Each room had two beds; one bed each for Sunset and Twilight, Applejack and Rarity, Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy, and Pinkie. "Three beds will need mattress protection. Two of my friends soiled themselves on the way here and didn't bring a change of clothes. And I wet the bed. A lot."

The clerk looked a little surprised, not only by the fact that Sunset wet the bed, but how casually and loudly she was saying it, as if it was no big deal, not to mention there was someone within earshot behind her. But she quickly recovered and said "We'll get those set up for you."

...

Twilight and Sunset shared a room with Rarity and Applejack, and Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy shared a room with Pinkie Pie. Fluttershy really didn't mind Rainbow and Pinkie's smell, and cuddled with Rainbow that night. Rainbow soiled her shorts again before they fell asleep, and that morning, Sunset took her morning pee in bed, in her jeans. Twilight peed with her. She'd just tell Rarity and Applejack that all the pee was Sunset's.

*029*2021-03-20 01:09

{{39 minutes ago, Zero_4793 said:

I can't upvote used all my reactions for today. Such a small limit imo. Great story, can't wait for next chapter. Would love if they went on some kinda scuba trip. it wetsuits (or drysuits) and they all casually wet cuz its nothing in water, but then some have to poop, so it brings a little tension back in. Maybe some make it and some dont.

}}

I wasn't aware there were limits on upvotes after going up a rank.

That sounds like something I could do.

Also, you might like this story

.

*030*2021-03-20 02:51

Chapter 11: Peeing at the Restaurant and Theater

Sunset was on her way to an outdoor restaurant where she would be having lunch with Twilight. She was wearing her original outfit that included her orange skirt, with tight black boyshort panties underneath.

She arrived at the restaurant and saw Twilight waving to her. As she walked over, she saw that the empty seat had a towel on it, which most likely had a garbage bag underneath. She smiled and sat down.

"How's your day going so far, Sunset?" Twilight asked.

"Not bad," Sunset said. "I played some pretty good online games today, and tried a new type of coffee today, which was pretty good. And I wet my pajamas when I woke up."

Twilight giggled. A few people at a nearby table looked in her direction, a little surprised, then went back to eating, either assuming they had misheard, or deciding they didn't much care that someone was able to speak casually about wetting herself.

The waiter, who had a mustache and a French accent, took their order. Sunset ordered an extra large soda as her drink. When it arrived, she drank it all and ordered a refill. One more refill and she was done drinking. There was also a glass of water on the table, which she decided to save until after she was done eating.

"It's kind of funny how even though most of our friends don't have an interest in wetting, they're comfortable enough to prank each other with it and laugh when they're on the receiving end of it," said Twilight a little more quietly.

"Like how Rainbow Dash made Fluttershy wet the bed and she laughed it off," said Sunset. "Or that moment with Applejack and Rarity at the park."

...

The girls had all been hanging around at the park one day. Sunset sat on the grass with her legs outstretched and peed in her short skintight black shorts, which she was wearing today with an orange tank top.

"I have to use the bathroom rather urgently," said Rarity, who, like Sunset, had drank a huge slushy.

"Outhouse is that way," said Applejack.

"I'd never use a filthy outhouse. I'd rather go in my shorts."

"If that's how you feel..." Applejack tickled Rarity's sides and armpits. Rarity laughed until she wet her Legend of Everfree shorts. The other girls giggled at this. Applejack finished tickling as soon as Rarity finished peeing. "Feel better, sugarcube?"

"Much better," said Rarity. She felt her wet shorts, blushed lightly, and giggled.

"I have to go in the other way," said Rainbow Dash, who was wearing her skintight black pants. She closed her eyes tight with a smile on her face and released a big, wet, smelly mess into her pants. She sighed of relief, enjoying the warm, messy feeling in her butt and the foul smell that came with it. (I wasn't so descriptive on fimfiction)

...

"And then that time Rainbow Dash scared Pinkie on her way to the bathroom," said Twilight.

"And sometimes they'd fart to make each other laugh when they really had to pee," said Sunset.

"And Rarity sewing Applejack's pajamas up when she slept, so she ended up peeing herself the following morning because she couldn't get them off."

"And, being Rarity, she was able to fix the pajamas after she cut them off and washed them."

Eventually the food arrived. As Sunset started eating, her drinks hit her. She needed to pee really badly. She barely waited ten seconds before she sighed and peed in her dress. She took absolute pleasure in the warm wetness drenching her underwear, soaking the front and butt of her skirt.

Twilight giggled. A few people looked in her direction and saw what she was doing.

"Is she wetting herself and enjoying it?" A girl muttered.

"Looks like it," her boyfriend said. "I didn't know that was possible. That's probably what the seat protection was for. I guess to each their own."

Two girls at another table giggled.

Sunset didn't feel one bit ashamed that people could see her peeing herself. She loved the warm, wet feeling and the naughtiness of it all, and didn't care who saw her pee. She sighed in relief once she was done.

After they finished eating and Twilight paid the bill, Sunset stood up. Pee dripped off her skirt.

"Are you all right, Madame?" the waiter asked.

"I'm fine," said Sunset, picking up her towel and garbage bag. The towel was very wet but it and the garbage bag had protected the seat well. "I like wetting myself."

The waiter looked a little surprised, but recovered and said "Have a nice day."

...

By 6:30, Sunset's skirt and underwear had dried, and she was sitting in the movie theater with her friends watching a movie. Sunset once again had protection on her seat, as did Rarity, Pinkie Pie, and Rainbow Dash; Pinkie and Rainbow didn't want to miss any parts of the movie if they had to go to the bathroom (and had wet themselves at the theater a few times), and Rarity disliked using public bathrooms.

In the middle of the movie, Sunset had to pee. She sighed as she let it all out, enjoying the warm release.

Near the end of the movie, there was a big jumpscare. Fluttershy and Pinkie reacted to it the most, letting out a loud, high-pitched scream. Which wasn't all that came out of them.

When the movie was over, the girls walked into the lobby and Sunset saw who had wet themselves and who had stayed dry.

Rainbow's skintight black pants were dry, where Rarity's skintight black unitard was wet. So were Pinkie's jean shorts, and Fluttershy's pretty green skirt.

"I didn't think to bring protection," said Fluttershy, blushing lightly. "I peed all over the seat."

"I'll handle it," said Sunset. She handed her towel to Twilight, whom she knew would enjoy holding something soaked with her pee, and walked up to a staff member. "Excuse me?"

"Yes?" said the staff member. She looked at Sunset's wet skirt. "Don't tell me. You peed during the jumpscare in the movie?"

"Yes."

"It happens so often we have a crew cleaning seats after every showtime. Don't worry about it."

"Thanks." Sunset rejoined her friends outside the theater. "Everything's all right, Fluttershy. They'll clean it up, and you're not the only one who soaked her seat at the jumpscare. It happens all the time. Probably the filmmakers' idea of a joke."

"That's good to know," said Fluttershy. Once this was known to her she didn't feel so bad about her accident, as it was barely embarrassing to her anymore.

"It is pretty funny," said Pinkie.

"I held it during the jumpscare," said Rainbow. "But now I have to pee really badly!" She held herself with both hands.

Fluttershy smiled and started tickling Dashie.

*033*2021-03-21 00:30

{{1 hour ago, Zero_4793 said:

Not that this is that descriptive. It's nice. but i'd enjoy more detail, drawing it out a bit.

Oh also, you should probably add the Messing tag to this topic

}}

I added an extra sentence, and the "messing" tag.

*035*2021-04-10 18:17

{{10 hours ago, Zero_4793 said:

No more to these stories yet?

}}

Not yet. I still might have the "potty-untrained" story planned but haven't had an opportunity to write it, or else was too busy with something else.

*037*2021-12-03 21:39

{{1 hour ago, trekkie said:

I have an idea that would work for your universe, and would like permission to try my hand at it if you aren't interested in taking it up yourself. Shall I share it?

}}

Go right ahead.

