The Final Boss of Omorashi

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2021-01-18 15:42

Been a long time since I've written something. Lets see how this goes.

###

It's important you understand one simple, basic fact.

I don't wet myself.

Accidentally I mean. See, I've been blessed with the most powerful, strongest bladder on the planet. Yet my fetish is desperation and INTENTIONAL wetting.

I can already hear some of you groaning "Oh she's just overhyping herself."

"I've got a better bladder than she does"

And so on. But that's simply not true. I'm not the biggest person on the planet, in fact I'd go as far to say I'm rather small. But I guarantee. I'll take on the biggest man or woman on this planet in a one on one holding contest and I WILL come out on top.

I'm the final boss of Omorashi. When you've gotten to the end of the game and expect a reward, I'm there to swoop down and take it from you a piss pours down your legs.

This all being said, I will wet myself if I want to. Isn't that the point of holding? It's a conscious decision on my part. When I reach the point where most others would be stood there in soaking pants, I shrug. I decided I could do with a good wetting right now. I head down to the shower and I let loose.

So as you can tell, not only am I confident in my holding abilities, I've got the ability to back it up.

SO HOW IN GODS NAME DID I END UP IN THIS SITUATION.

Lets go back a few hours.

###

I was sat at my Playstation 4 enjoying a round or two of Street Fighter V. I had a Milova challenge on my laptop. At this point I'd drank around 5 pints of juice and, I'll be honest, I'd begun to feel it. My moves were getting slower and I was starting to miss. It happens.

Because I know you pervs are interested, I was wearing some light blue panties and a pair of red pajama shorts. I had this white vest on and my black hair was up in a ponytail. I only stand about 5"3 so I can fit snugly into my chair as I wreck great motherfucker pain upon my opponents.

Another time came to an end and I was presented with "CONGRATULATIONS. YOU CAN GO PEE".

Typical. Barely desperate and I'd already gotten through 4 of these challenges. Will someone step up their game?

I placed my hands on my bladder and gave it a little push. A bit sore and bloated but nothing I couldn't handle. I'd been at these challenges for about 4 hours at this point and had begun to tire of them. I decided now was the time.

Leaving my chair, I crossed my bedroom to head towards the porcelain throne.

It was at this moment that the first unusual thing of that day happened. I came to a stop as the toilet came into view.

It seemed to tower over me, intimidating and unnatural. Almost like it was taunting me. I shook my head and stepped into the bathtub next to it.

I looked to the ceiling and let out a sigh.

It started with a trickle. My blue panties begun to warm. I could feel it spreading towards the front of my shorts. It climbed up a little bit before the pee started to drip down my legs. Ecstasy. The drips turned into a hose as it blasted down my thighs at surprising rate. I stopped relaxing and begun to force it out, leading to the pee simply blasting through my shorts and in between my legs.

The puddle I was stood in was impressive. I was almost sad as it went down the drain.

Smiling to myself, I glanced at my watch.

"Shit!".

It was almost 4 on a Sunday. The shops would be closing soon. Rather frustrated, I left my panties and shorts in the tub and ran back to my room.

Quickly throwing on whatever I had laying on the floor, I got ready to go and grabbed my backpack.

Now some of you experienced with holds perhaps already realize the mistakes I'd made, but for those who don't, read on.

A pair of tight jeans and a brown Scooby Doo hoodie now covered me from the cold.

As a strode through the street, a familiar smell caught my attention. Pee.

I stopped and looked about. Was someone peeing by me? Had someone peed recently? Then it hit me.

I hadn't showered. It was me.

It's not often I get embarrassed, but my cheeks burnt red. I'm gonna go into this store and everyone is gonna think I'm some child who can't hold her piss. I can hold it just fine, dammit. But people would notice.

I needed dinner. I didn't have time to head back, so I pushed on a head.

Arriving at the store, I looked about for whatever was cheap and filling. I had to be quick. 10 minutes till close.

I dash around the store grabbing the ingredients for Spaghetti Bolagnaise. By the time I'd grabbed them it was 3:57. This was gonna be close.

Using the self checkout, I buzzed my items through when I felt my bladder drop. I needed to pee.

For those who do holds, you will know that after a hold one's bladder is weakened. You'll find yourself pissing every 30 minutes. And that's my biggest mistake. In the middle of a closing supermarket, I had to pee.

But I was confident. I'd never humiliated myself before with an accident, why would it happen now?

GET THIS. I even went back down an aisle to grab a garlic bread. My over confidence may be my great weakness.

I left the store at 4:01. The employees weren't best pleased. They damn near kicked me out of the store. Using their bathroom wasn't even a possibility. There was no public ones on the way home. I had to walk this 20 minute stretch with a bladder that was just getting heavier and heavier.

I remember grinning. A new challenge had presented itself. I was gonna destroy this one and at the end of it, take a sit on that mocking toilet.

That was at 4:01. At 4:07, I was feeling different.

Another thing to know about the Post Hold Desperation Syndrome (I'm trade marking this) is that the desperation will increase rapidly. Like in the space of 5 minutes you could go from I kinda gotta pop a squat to MY EYE BALLS ARE FLOATING.

On a scale, I'd gone from 3 to 8 in the space of 5 minutes. This was bad.

Sweat was beginning to trickle down my forehead. For fucks sake, I'm a grown ass woman. I'm the final boss of Omorashi, I WILL GET HOME.

The streets were rather empty thankfully. The occasional person on their front porch but nothing too notable.

Time begin to slow and walking got harder and harder. I'd started in a casual stride. I was now hobbling, each step feeling like a leap up a mountain. A task that tested me to my very limits.

And that was the great hit to my confidence.

As my house came into view and my hopes grew, I realized. For the first time ever I was a my limit. This was my breaking point.

At that second it was do or die.

At that second. I hit my limit.

At that second. I couldn't hold it.

My house was not even a minute away when the first leak broke through. I stopped, curled up into a pretzel, every muscle in my body concentrated on keeping flood walls shut. My body didn't agree with me. It was time. The second leak was longer. More of a dribble. I felt it pass through the tight fabric of my jeans and warm my fingers. OH MY GOD. THIS WAS HAPPENING.

The final leak was that. I looked down to see my worst fear. The unnoticeable wet spot grew to cover the front of my pants. I could feel warmth on my ass. It could be noticed. Looking round, it got worse. I saw a man, stood on his porch with a cigarette in hand, watching me. He looked confused, almost concerned. As we make eye contact, that was the end. It all just blasted out of me. The front of my jeans was flash soaked. It sprayed down the front, carving a dark blue line from crotch to ankle. It dripped into my shoes, over flowed them and made a puddle in the street. As I was slightly crouched the back of my jeans had no hope. It poured down my back and, if I had just seen these jeans, I would have assumed they were dark blue instead of light. My entire ass and thighs was covered. It all joined together in a puddle at my feet, pooling together before it fled towards a drain.

I wish I could flee as I stared at the man. The omorashi final boss had been beaten by her own over confidence. And there was a witness.

My cheeks burnt red and tear threatened to pour down my face. My heart rate quickened and my mind struggled to come up with words.

The man grinned. "Looks like you needed that."

"Yeah. I... just decided not to hold it. It was bugging me."

"It sure didn't look like that, honey."

Damn. I guess it didn't. I sighed and looked over to him.

"Okay. I had an accident."

"It's alright. Happens to everyone. My ex was a bed wetter. Anyone can get caught short anyway."

He stubbed his cigarette out on his shoe and dropped it into an ashtray.

"I'd get home before you catch a cold." He casually said as he walked into his home.

I had a second of pause as I took in what he said.

Then I ran.

I ran back into my home and charged to the toilet. I don't think I even shut my front door properly.

I sat on the toilet and tried to force anything I had left out. Nothing. Not a drop.

Putting my hands to my face, I had to face a simple fact.

In my 24 years of life, I had never had an accident. Until today.

