Desperate Wrestling Meet

Author: twj731

*000*2019-12-30 20:11

So this turned out WAY longer than anticipated, so I decided to cut it into 2 parts, and sadly most of the real action won’t be till part 2...

###

Noah and Eric were 18 year old seniors on their high school’s wrestling team. This afternoon they’d be traveling to one of the final meets of the season. The school they’d be competing against was an easy 35 minute drive from their own school.

As soon as the bell rang to dismiss them from class, Noah and Eric rushed to the gym locker room to grab their bags with their uniforms and change of clothes. They each remembered to refill their water bottles, which were almost empty since they’d been hydrating all day in preparation for the meet. Coach was very strict about leaving on time, so they had only enough time to grab their bag and head to the bus with the rest of the team.

Once on the bus, Noah and Eric sat talking with each other while taking occasional sips from their water so they’d stay hydrated for their matches. The meet wasn’t scheduled to begin until 4:00 and they’d left school at 3:00, so they’d have plenty of time to change and settle in once they arrived.

Around 15 minutes into the drive, the bus merged onto a highway and what they saw out the window surprised them. Traffic was barely moving, when any other time they’d made this journey, it moved just fine. Not thinking much of it, all the team members continued talking as the bus crawled along.

10 minutes later the bus had barely moved more than a mile or two. Noah was beginning to get very uncomfortable because his bladder was full from hydrating all day and he hadn’t had the time to go to the bathroom before boarding the bus. By this point they should’ve only been about 10 minutes away from their destination, but because of traffic they were still at least another 25 minutes away. Noah decided he’d put his headphones in and listen to music to distract him, as he subtly squeezed his thighs together a few times.

Eric realized that Noah wasn’t in the mood to talk anymore, and he too put his headphones in. It was then that Eric noticed Noah moving his legs strangely. He kept squeezing his thighs together and bouncing his legs. It dawned on Eric that Noah probably needed to use the bathroom, which only made sense since he too had been feeling his own bladder getting fuller and fuller.

3:45 rolled around the bus was still stuck in bumper to bumper traffic that was now at a standstill. Noah’s music was not distracting him anymore from his now very pressing need to pee. His bladder was bursting and he was regretting all the water he’d been drinking all afternoon. He was now steadily bouncing his legs, and he grabbed himself several times to give a discreet squeeze to his penis which was now semi-hard from all the moving and grabbing. Noah couldn’t remember a time he was this desperate to pee. He thought he noticed Eric try and discreetly grab his crotch a few times too, but couldn’t be sure because his full bladder wasn’t helping him think straight.

Eric was sure now that Noah needed to pee, and needed to pee badly. Eric himself was now bursting and had given his dick a squeeze several times to help with the pressure.

Just as traffic began to pick up, their coach stood up in the front of the bus and announced they were going to be arriving at 4:15 and that they would need to start immediately because the gymnasium their meet was is in was being used for a basketball game immediately after, and there could be no further delay.

Noah who was now openly grabbing himself and bouncing up and down was surprised to here the coach call his name from the front of the bus. “Noah, I hate to ask you this, but since your match is first, I’d like to have you change into your uniform on the bus so that the meet can begin as soon as we arrive.”

Noah didn’t know what to say other than “ok”. He turned to Eric with a panicked look on his face and confessed his dire need to pee while very openly grabbing his crotch. Eric turned red in the face and told him he couldn’t feel bad for him, because he too had a bursting bladder and that he felt like he was going to explode any second.

Noah headed to the back of the bus, slipped off his shorts and shirt, and slid on his singlet over his jock strap. He awkwardly walked back to his seat with his pee-filled semi bulging under his singlet for all to see. He noticed that almost all his teammates were very fidgety in their seats after spending over an hour on the bus. They couldn’t all need to pee, could they?

Once he sat back down, Noah tried to explain to Eric how desperately he needed to pee, but Eric still had no sympathy for him. Unbeknownst to Noah, Eric leaked a small dribble of piss into his briefs and was too focused on trying not to pee himself on the bus to care about the fact that Noah was just as desperate and about to have to wrestle.

As they pulled up to their opponents school, the coach called for Noah to get off first. As the coach ushered Noah towards the gymnasium for his meet, Noah turned around and watched as the rest of his team darted into the locker room with strained looks on their faces.

Just as Noah caught site of Eric hobbling hand over his crotch into the locker room behind the rest of the team, a wave of desperation came over him and Noah had to bend over to stop from leaking. As he was trying to regain his composure, Noah heard his name called. “Just 6 minutes. I can do this...” he thought unsurely to himself as he began making his way to the center of the mat to meet his opponent. While Noah was shaking hands with opponent, he felt a quit jet of pee escape into his jock strap.

To be continued....

*007*2020-07-30 01:27

Part 2 is FINALLY here...

(I know it’s a weird mix between the 3rd person point of view and then the dialogue, but hopefully you’ll enjoy it! I was desperate while writing this and it still ended up being longer than planned, and with an ending I hadn’t originally planned)

Thankfully the quick jet of pee that escaped wasn’t too noticeable in Noah’s royal blue singlet. What was more noticeable though was the growing bulge in his singlet, which he was powerless to hide, but still tried to quickly and nonchalantly readjust as he took his place on the mat. Just as the match was about to begin, Noah was surprised to see his coach, who had rushed him to the mat, run off to the locker room to presumably tell the rest of the team to hurry up.

The referee blew his whistle and the first period of the match began. Noah’s opponent was quick to put him in a hold and pull him down towards the mat. Initially Noah’s adrenaline rush and focus on his opponent made him momentarily forget his bursting bladder, but as his opponent flipped him over and put a leg across his abdomen he was painfully reminded of his predicament. As the opponents leg pushed into Noah’s bladder he couldn’t help himself from releasing another spurt of piss into his singlet, as he struggled to hold off his opponent and his impending flood.

Noah’s opponent reached around from the back, around Noah’s thigh and was now practically grabbing Noah’s increasingly damp bulge. As the pressure increased, Noah felt himself let out even more pee, this time for a few seconds. As his opponent was about to recoil in disgust at having suddenly gotten his had wet, Noah gave up resisting in order to stop the flow, which then resulted in him being pinned and the match ending just as the first period was about to end.

Noah was embarrassed, but grateful the match was over. He struggled to his feet, while keeping one hand firmly cupped around his leaky bulge. As the referee took each players’ hand and threw Noah’s opponent’s arm into the air victoriously, Noah made eye contact with his coach who had apparently returned. He was directing a confused look at him while, Noah noticed, subtly rocking back and forth on the soles of his feet. Was coach mad at him for not performing well and losing in the first period of the match?

As soon as the referee released his hand, Noah hobbled towards the locker room trying not to let anymore jets of piss escape. Before he could get there though his coach stopped him and asked what had happened. Noah quickly apologized and through gritted teeth told him “Coach I have to take a piss so bad and I’m about to have an accident right now if I don’t get to the bathroom.” At that point coach noticed Noah was crossing his legs, was bent over slightly, and had a desperate look in his eyes. Coach shifted on his feet, apologized to Noah and told him to run to the bathroom. Thankfully, team members were now trickling out of the locker room to play the next matches.

###

Eric had been one of the last ones off the bus, as everyone had immediately scrambled to their feet and ran into the school after coach went ahead first with Noah. Eric couldn’t be concerned with Noah’s situation right now, but he sure was glad he was headed for a toilet and not the wrestling mat.

Eric knew his underwear was damp because he’d lost control for a moment on the bus and let out a spurt. As he rushed into the locker room behind the rest of the team he was embarrassed when he thought about having to change into his uniform and revealing the noticeable stain his piss undoubtedly left on his white Calvin Klein boxer briefs.

Eric was surprised the rest of the team didn’t head towards the lockers and start changing like they usually would have. It seemed they were all headed the same place Eric was. It was then that Eric began to notice all the guys in front of him had varying levels of nervous and strained looks on their faces and were in varying stages of very obviously needing to piss. Feeling much less self conscious upon realizing this, Eric grabbed his penis which was now tenting in his shorts.

As the first team members reached the bathroom within the locker room, Eric heard shouting and shoving right away. When he caught up to the bathroom area he realized why. There was only one stall and three urinals, and the stall was already occupied by an opposing team member.

Eric’s teammates were shoving each other to try and get to one of the three free urinals. One guy with a vice grip on his penis pushed another, who was just about to open his fly at the urinal, out of the way and released an audible torrent of piss. One guy tried pushing his way to a urinal by exclaiming that he was about to literally piss himself. His exclamation was met by a chorus of “Me too!”s and “Same here!”s.

Seeing his other 15 teammates fight to get access to the now occupied three urinals he knew his only option was to wait. He crossed his legs and bent forward as another spurt of piss escaped into his underwear.

After what seemed like ages, the first round of wrestlers finished peeing and freed up their urinals for three more guys. The urinal dividers made it impossible for two guys to share one urinal, and at this point the group desperation reached a fever pitch. Guys were crossing their legs, jumping up and down, bending over at 90 degree angles, begging to be allowed to pee next, and pleading with people closer to the urinals to let them get in front. One guy in particular, who looked close to tears, started banging on the stall that was still occupied as drops off piss began to escape his shorts.

The continuous cries from the team of “I’m about to piss myself” had changed into a chorus of guys now shouting in disbelief that they had already started leaking or pissing themselves. Several of the wrestlers stripped down to their jock straps and briefs while waiting, to prove they were in fact already losing their ability to hold any longer.

Eric was trying to concentrate on his own desperate need, when he looked up and saw the coach bounding into the locker room headed straight for his team gathered at the urinals. When the coach realized what was going on with his players and the bathroom situation, a flash of concern went across his face. With both hands in his pocket, Coach stumbled to find his words and then finally told the team to try and hurry up and get changed and out to the gym as soon as possible. Eric noticed that before turning to leave the locker room, Coach’s eyes lingered on the bathroom situation a few seconds longer before he went back to Noah’s match that had likely started by now.

Within the next few minutes, the urinals continued to allow the team to empty their overfilled bladders, and the stall finally opened up to provide even more relief.

There were now only 4 wrestlers left waiting to empty their bladders, and Eric was one of them. He knew there was no way he’d be allowed to get in front of them as the others waiting had made it clear they were going next. Unfortunately for Eric, the stall was now being occupied again.

Just as the second to last person before Eric stepped up to a urinal, the locker room door came crashing open and Noah burst in. Eric who was now crossing his legs and squeezing his thighs tighter than he thought possible while standing in only his damp white boxer briefs, looked up to see Noah with a death grip on his now very obvious, and damp, tenting bulge in his singlet.

Noah explained that he’d lost the match in the first period, and he needed to cut the line cause he was peeing himself. Neither Eric nor the other teammate waiting had much sympathy for him as they were in equally dire situations.

Noah began bouncing on his feet, and asked Eric how he was still waiting to pee. Eric explained the predicament the rest of the team had had during his match. Noah pulled the straps of his singlet off and pulled the uniform down to his thighs, exposing his piss soaked jock strap that was barely containing his pee-filled hard on. As both boys stood there practically naked and as Noah was about to plead with the guys at the urinals to hurry up, the door to the locker room crashed open again.

Noah and Eric both turned their twisted and contorted bodies to see coach speed walking towards them. When coach approached the boys and saw they were still waiting, he audibly grunted and bent his knees slightly. “I can’t believe you boys haven’t pissed yet!”

The last guy in line before Eric stepped up to a free urinal.

“Not in a urinal, but I’ve been leaking piss into my underwear since the bus pulled up!” Eric replied. Noah added desperately, “and I started pissing myself out on the mat!”

“Well I’m hoping that doesn’t happen to me, but if these urinals don’t FINALLY free up soon I’m afraid it might!” the coach admitted while bending his knees quickly again and then crossing and uncrossing his legs.

“What do you mean coach..?” Eric asked him as his underwear was visibly dampened by another spurt.

“Oh, what?! You two think you and your teammates were only the ones stuck on that bus that hadn’t peed since we left school?? Some us had to teach back to back classes all afternoon and haven’t had a piss since their lunch break at 11:30!”

Noah couldn’t believe his ears, “11:30?! Coach that was 5 hours ago!”

“I know.” coach replied tersely as he bounced in place.

Just then one of the urinals was vacated and flushed, but the pipe above it burst and began spraying water straight out.

Noah and Eric both winced. Coach crossed his legs and shoved a hand into his pocket.

“I literally can’t hold it anymore!” Noah suddenly screamed. He removed his hand from his cock and a stream of piss began shooting from his jock strap, cascading down onto his singlet and then the floor. Just then the other two urinals opened up and Noah and Eric hobbled up to them. Eric removed his leaky cock from his underwear and moaned loudly as he emptied his bladder. Noah just continued to piss through the fabric of his jockstrap into the urinal.

With the last two of his players now focused solely on blissfully emptying their bladders, Coach now openly grabbed his crotch through his tight khaki pants. Between the sounds of water from the burst pipe splattering on the floor, Noah and Eric’s forceful piss streams hitting the porcelain, and their almost orgasmic moaning, Coach’s cock began to stiffen in his already snug Fruit of the Loom tighty whities. Suddenly a strong wave from his bladder come over him.

Coach had never needed to piss this badly before in his life, so he pleadingly said to the boys “I’m sure you’re enjoying yourselves over there boys, but please please hurry up, because some of us don’t have a change of clothes they can wear for the rest of the meet!” Just then he felt a single drop of pee escape his penis. “I’m not kidding boys! It’s getting urgent over here!!”

Just then one of his wrestlers came running in from the gym calling for the coach. Coach reluctantly removed the grip on his crotch, but didn’t dare to uncross his legs. When the coach asked what he wanted, his player said the referee needed him out in the gym right away. Coach said he’d be out in just a few minutes, but his player told him it was urgent and said the referee wasn’t willing to wait and was threatening to cancel the rest of the match if the coach didn’t come speak to him immediately.

After sighing, and bending his knees once again, the coach reluctantly began to head towards the locker room exit. Just as he was about to leave, he took one final glance back towards the bathroom area and saw that Noah had finished and there was finally an open urinal.

“Fuck.” thought Coach as he turned to head into the gymnasium.

