Fursuit wetting

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-09-25 23:45

I'll do something a little different and format my next fiction story as an experience, from the point of view of a female character I made up. It might not have the best quality, but as I said I'm not trying to make anyone think this is an actual experience. Besides, you already know I'm male.

Character description - 20 years old, average height, long blonde hair. If you want a name for her, let's call her Tiffany, after my traffic jam story.

Fursuit Wetting

Today I went to a furry convention, and it didn't end well.

After I drank my morning coffee, I went for a run, like I usually do. I wore a pink tank top and short, skintight black shorts, with blue panties underneath.

It was a hot summer day, so when I got back I drank three big glasses of water. Then I realized it was almost time to go to the furry convention. So, I got into my fursuit, which is a pink rabbit costume. It was a really cheap, fairly thin one because it's been so hot lately.

So, I drove to the convention, and spent a few hours hanging out, and drinking lots of punch because it was still pretty hot, especially in this fursuit even though it wasn't very thick.

And then, I had to pee. Really badly. I drank so much, after all. I ran to the bathroom, but when I got in there the stalls were full, and there were three other girls waiting. I held myself and fidgeted while I waited.

By the time there was only one girl left, I was fidgeting even harder. I had to pee SO BAD and the girls in the stalls were taking forever.

I must have waited at LEAST half an hour before it was finally my turn.

I tried to unzip my costume, but... the zipper got stuck.

I frantically tried to undo the zipper, but I couldn't. I really needed to go and I couldn't get my stupid zipper down.

After fighting with my zipper for five or ten minutes, I couldn't hold it anymore. I wet my costume. It was so embarrassing feeling the warm wetness soak my fursuit, and I couldn't stop peeing. By the time I was finished, the crotch and legs of my fursuit were soaked, and I was standing in a puddle. I mopped it up with toilet paper as best I could.

I walked out of the bathroom and back to my car. A few people noticed me, which was really humiliating. The wet spot on my costume was so noticeable.

I drove home in my wet fursuit. I managed to get into the house without anyone noticing. At least I hoped they didn't. By this time I needed to pee again. I got into the bathroom and tried to get the zipper down, but it still wouldn't budge. Eventually I pulled so hard on the zipper that it broke off. I panicked at first, but then I regained my composure. I was already wet so I sat on the toilet and peed in my fursuit again. It actually felt pretty nice, now that no one was around.

When I was done peeing, the crotch, legs, AND butt of my fursuit were soaked. Never mind the state of my shorts and panties.

I tried fighting with my broken zipper for a few minutes, and then I gave up, got a pair of scissors, and cut my fursuit off. It was a really cheap one anyway and it's not like I could use it again.

After that I showered. I didn't bother to undress first, my shorts were already soaked. After that I changed into a clean pair of shorts and threw the wet ones in the wash.

That was an experience I do not wish to repeat, but looking back at it, it was almost kind of fun.

...

Well, I hope you liked it. Like I said, I did something a little different, formatting it like an experience, but acknowledging it as fiction.

*004*2017-09-26 15:16

Yeah, I know.

I should probably stick with my previous style from now on.

