Princess Celestia's Bath

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2024-04-10 22:31

Note: This story will be very short, and half of it will be her taking a bath, but there will be a wetting before. I am a bit more confident since people liked my Sunset stories, though they were longer and more detailed.

Princess Celestia's Bath

Princess Celestia finished her summer flight in her athletic outfit, a red tank top and skintight pink shorts. She entered her room and sniffed herself. She didn't smell too pleasant, with how she had been sweating, and her outfit was very damp. Come to think of it, she hadn't washed this outfit in two weeks, and she had been flying in it every day, except one or two days when she had a meeting or event.

Well, she needed a bath, and now was as good a time as any to wash her outfit. Why not wash them both together? She was sure it wasn't very princesslike but she did many unprincesslike things, and she thought it was fun to take a bath in sporty outfits.

As she filled the tub with warm, soapy water, she had to go to the bathroom. She had been holding it for about half an hour. Well, her shorts were going to get wet anyway. So she sat on the toilet with her shorts up and peed, sighing of relief as her stream soaked her shorts, passed through, and splashed into the toilet below. She giggled at the naughty, unprincesslike thing she was doing. This wasn't her first time either. Whenever she felt like taking a bath in her shorts, she would pee in them first. She liked the warm, wet feeling, and had felt this way for centuries.

Once she finished peeing herself, she climbed into the tub in her wet shorts and washed herself all over, first washing her mane with shampoo, then washing her back and sides with soap.

As she was washing, bubbles appeared in the water around her rear end as she farted in the tub. She giggled. This was very unprincesslike, but it was something every pony did and she couldn't see a reason to feel ashamed. She thought farts were funny and that it was fun to fart.

Then, she lifted her butt out of the water, poured a large dollop of soap onto her tush, and started scrubbing, levitating a scrubber with her magic. Her stinky shorts were coated in suds. Once she finished washing her rear end, she rinsed herself off, climbed out of the tub, dried herself with a towel so her outfit was wet but not dripping, then removed her outfit and dried it with her sun magic.

With this out of the way, she returned to her throne, sparkly clean and smelling very nice, with no one having a clue that she had just smelled a little and peed herself.

