The House of Giggles

Author: TexBoy

*000*2019-05-06 23:26

This is my own rewrite version of a story I came across some times ago, but I can no longer find the original to credit the author. I liked the idea, but the use of magic within the story was a bit off putting to the otherwise great idea for a story line. My version I want to make more realistic, more dark and mysterious, with my own spin on the idea. This is just the first part, I will likely want to edit, revise, and add more into it at some point. But for now I would like some thoughts as to how ya'll like the start of it so far. This is more of a background part tbh, nothing real exciting happens yet.

Warning: this story will contain wetting, diapers, and some light bondage. I can't say what else at this point for it will give away to much about what is to come.

###

The House of Giggles

Matt and Emily were what most would consider to be an “odd couple”. Matt was somewhat nerdy, shy, and average looking, whereas Emily was outgoing, beautiful, and “the life of the party”. Matt’s friends thought him to be the luckiest guy in the universe to have a hottie like Emily, but humble as he was, Matt only ever politely agreed without bothering to explain. Waste of breathe. Deep down he knew there was more to it than purely looks, but does one explain this to seemingly shallow people?

While some attraction woman might consider themselves too good to be friends with (or a girlfriend to) someone like Matt, Emily was not like other woman. She understood the value of an inner, deep connection that could only be shared by those select individuals who were open minded enough to accept and see it. After all, what good is being with someone society deems nice to look at if you literally have nothing in common; worse yet, what if you don’t like the other person or the relationship is simply unhealthy?

Different as they were, Matt and Emily did have some things in common. The biggest of which was their love for adventure. Meek as Matt may seem to most, he had a daredevil side only rivaled by Emily. Together they have braved the craziest roller coasters, the highest ferris wheels, as well as even once jumping from the cliffs in Mexico into the vast Pacific on the night of their honeymoon. Word-smiths would call this sort of personality “type-T”, the “T” standing for “thrill”. Though that might be the case, they did agree that there was limits to this madness. For instance, both agreed that bungee jumping and sky diving was out of the question.

After all, why jeopardize your life to a silly bag containing a nylon parachute that has a risk or not opening, or being sheered by wind force so that you plummet to the Earth in what is essentially a free fall? Or how about bungee jumping, which relies on flexible cords woven together to slow your momentum enough to yank you back up to where you started before you hit the ground? Neither seemed like a great idea, especially to someone like Matt who understood physics.

As lovers of thrill rides, they were often seeking the newest, greatest thing. They happened to live in a town with a fantastic theme park full of amazing rides, not to mention a stunning carnival with bowel-clenching rides and breathtaking performances. So when they heard of a brand new attraction unlike anything they’ve ever experienced they were immediately interested, albeit the ride itself was quite a mystery. It was called the House of Giggles, and no one they had talked to about it would offer any specifics of what exactly it was. Given the name, they assumed it was some sort of comedic performance ride, but the more they found out about it, the less certain they were.

The only information they received about it was from one of Matt’s friend who assured him that it was different than they would ever expect it to be. Apparently there was a waiver that must be signed prior to entry, as well as a “Wall of Shame” hidden somewhere inside the ride. The purposes of this Wall of Shame was not revealed however, as the secrecy was part of the fun for first timers. All they really knew at this point was that they badly wanted to go there and find out what all the fuss and mystery was about.

###

To be continued.... the next part is where it starts to get interesting. May be a while before I release it, as I am the slowest writer on Earth, but at least now that I've posted it I have incentive to keep going.

