Alicia, First Desperation

Author: TweffLP

*000*2011-04-20 02:18

!!!!!!!!!! UPDATED, STILL INCOMPLETE. DESPERATION, NO WETTING !!!!!!!!!!

Story will be finished before Wednesay, probably sooner.

WARNING: Fic not completed yet. The first post has been updated.

This is the first oromoshi fic I've started working on. Very nearly the first story I've written. I've posted this first part to help get me motivated to finish it.

I don't know if I'm writing too much build up. Ideally, I want to write a second fic involving Melanie, who has a very different personality. But do say if there's too much build up in the story so far. (Although since it's currently 100% build up, that answer's probably yes...)

Nothing's worse than not knowing if/when a story will be completed, so here's a promise: I'll post some more by Sunday, and finish the story by Wednesday next week. Sorry if that's a long time, but I am a sloooooooooooooooooooooow writer.

=====

=====

Alicia sat at her desk, panting slightly, her face flushed, her hips squirming, her long legs slowly opening and closing. One hand was pressed lightly against her panties under her skirt. Coherent thought was gone from her mind, her succulent lips half parted to form an inviting 'O'.

The day has started just like any other. It was a sunny day in April, coming close to the Easter holidays. Alicia had woken up, showered and dressed for school just as she would any other day. Although she was young and quite demure, she wore lacy lingerie - light purple today. Alicia had never intended to wear such clothing, but ended up with some anyway when her friend Melanie took her shopping and bought some for her. Though she protested at the time, she secretly took a liking to them and since then, always wore lingerie under she school clothes. Over this she wore her standard school skirt, which was getting a bit too tight for her, and a short black skirt.

Alicia Wood was 16 years old. Slim build, with large breasts and hips. She had very dark hair, dark eyes and pale skin. And today was going to be first time she wet herself since she became a teenager.

Until lunchtime, the day had passed fairly straightforwardly. Being very shy and demure, Alicia's only real friend was Melanie, who unfortunately was home sick today. She was on her way to the girl's bathroom, just before the afternoon's classes, that she passed their shared locker. It was when she opened the locker, to put away the morning's books, that she saw it.

The magazine. Lying there, so innocently. The cover ever so subtly hinting at what might be found within. Her cheeks got the faintest blush as she reached with trembling fingers to pick it up.

Alicia knew that Melanie was by no means innocent, just as Melanie knew that Alicia's innocence shouldn't be corrupted, and that she wasn't ready to talk about boys. Other than some inappropriate but wholly enjoyable clothes shopping, the two rarely spoke on the subject of sex.

Just then, the bell rang. Without thinking, Alicia put the magazine into her bag and went straight to her next class.

=====

=====

And so the afternoon classes began; maths was first, unremarkable and uneventful. Alicia hadn’t been to the bathroom at lunch, so she felt a slight need to relieve herself, and decided to go after class was over. Their class was only released 3 minutes after the bell rang though, so she went directly to her next class to avoid being late. Why did her math teacher always have to drone on so long?, she thought to herself as she walked down the corridor. Many of her friends were voicing the same complaint.

Her next class, history was much the same, although the need to go was persistent and irritating now. Her legs occasionally twinged, and she sometimes she her left hand into the folds of her skirt, pressing her thighs against each other. It was nothing too urgent really, she thought to herself as she waited for class to end.

By the end of class, Alicia had managed to get her desperation under control, and started daydreaming about the magazine she found earlier. What would she find within? Described by some as ‘scatterbrained’, when Alicia started daydreaming she would forget everything else. Her thoughts were still rolling around Melanie’s magazine as her walked directly to her next class on automatic.

Again? I’ve got to stop daydreaming in the middle of the day. It was far from the first time this had happened. Alicia rose out of her seat to go to the bathroom, only to stop when the teacher, Mr. Edwards strode into the room. Well, she wasn’t desperate yet, and it wasn’t an emergency. And Alicia knew she could always ask Mr. Edwards if she could leave, he rarely refused such requests.

Alicia sat down at the back of the class as the final lesson on the day, english, began. She was fine for the first twenty minutes, then the need to go really hit her. She became quite desperate to pee. It wasn’t an emergency yet, but it did keep her thoughts occupied.

For the rest of the class, she squirmed in her set, knocking her knees together. Sometimes she would cross or re-cross her legs, or press her hand into the folds of her skirt. Then she would move her hand under her short skirt and press directly against her lacy purple panties, her thin fingers pressed against her mound as she fought to avoid wetting herself. Maybe i should ask... no, I can wait, not long till the end. Her full bladder was very slightly straining against the waistband of her skirt.

Her legs were trembling a bit at the end of the lesson. She breathed a sigh of relief, eager to empty her full bladder. She started to rise, but stopped when Mr. Edwards approached her desk.

“Alicia. Darien. I see neither of you finished the essay I assigned.” That was true; Alicia had been so distracted that she was only ¾ done. She looked over to the dark-haired boy beside her. He seemed flushed, almost out of breath for some reason, and his essay was only half done.

“It was not a hard assignment. Please stay and finish your essays and leave them on my desk. You may go as soon as you’re done.” He smiled at them both, quite kindly, then packed his briefcase and left with the rest of the class.

*004*2011-04-24 01:57

Updated. I think I may be putting in too much detail in the build-up, so I'll try to be very detailed in the rest of the desperation and wetting as well.

