The Tailgate and Kate

Author: theman08

*000*2024-05-18 18:04

This is a sequel to The Desperate Law Student. You all seemed to enjoy it, so I hope you enjoy this as well! Make sure to check it out if you missed it!

It has been about three months since Kate had her unfortunate accident around finals. We never really talked about it after— I knew it was a bit embarrassing for her, and there hadn’t really been a reason to. She was still pretty shy about the bathroom, but that’s just how she was.

On this day, it was the first football game of the year for our school. Despite having both recently graduated, we lived in the area still and loved the pageantry that went with it. It gave us a great way to see friends we otherwise wouldn’t, get outside, and most importantly just to let loose and have fun. I’d recently started a new job, and Kate would have her first trial in a couple weeks.

We arrived at about 10 AM, 5 hours before the game would start at 3 PM. It was a beautiful late summer day, with temperatures being in the low 80s. Kate looked great as always, wearing black leggings with a red cutoff/sports bra type top. The two created a perfect combination to show off her toned stomach and perfect ass. She looked great, and I couldn’t believe she was mine.

Now our tailgates were a big production. For those unfamiliar, on football game-days every parking lot in the city would be filled with cars, food, booze and music. Now I grew up going to these, so I had lots of experience. By arriving early, we were able to get our own corner of the parking lot with the cars we drove. We had two cars side by side in each row, and this gave us our own area to party. Over the next 30 minutes we unpacked and set up— tents, speakers, tables of food and drinks all went up. They were soon joined by the big coolers with waters, and most importantly, any alcohol you could imagine.

With that all set up, the fun could begin. It was gorgeous outside, although the beating sun made it a bit hotter than anticipated. Still, drinks were flowing and fun was being had. Kate sipped a seltzer, while I had a mixed drink of my own. We made small talk about how nice it was to drink outside and relax. Good conversations were had with friends we both hadn’t seen from college. It sounded like life was going well for everyone, which made us both happy to see.

It was now about noon. More people continued to filter in, some I didn’t even know. This was no issue, as friends of friends and families were always welcome. Kate and I watched as a group of college freshman went off to the side patch of grass to shotgun a beer. Classic college activities- looking to impress anyone and everyone with their drinking skills even though no one really cared.

”You know Kate I never have done that somehow,” I told her.

She looked shocked, “Never? Even I have. That’s crazy!”

We watched on as the group all downed their beer, some more successful than others. One girl clearly was new to the activity, and even from yards away it was clear her drink mostly ended up on the ground.

”I could do better than that,” I told her.

Kate laughed, then told me “do it.”

”Only if you do it with me,” I replied. She nodded in agreement.

I walked over the cooler, currently sitting between our two cars, and grabbed one for each of us. With a clink of cheers, we quickly downed our drinks. Both of us honestly executed it pretty well, so after finishing I gave her a celebratory kiss on the forehead.

“I’ve already had the two seltzers and now the beer, so I’m gonna go tinkle,” she said with a smile.

“I’ll go with you, have to go a bit myself,” I replied.

As we walked over, Kate noticed a set of bags (cornhole) boards set up.

”I love bags, can we please play later??” She told me. I nodded in agreement with a smile.

We took a walk across the parking lot to the portable toilets set up for tailgates. Four of them were lined up all in a row on the other side of the parking lot, and a line of about 15 people stood between us and the bathrooms—honestly not too bad, though somewhat expected given that we were three hours out from the game and half the lot was empty. Kate and I made talk about our lives and the day itself. She seemed to be in a great mood overall, and I was enjoying the time with her. Finally she was next in line.

”Gonna make it?” I asked jokingly.

“Yes,” she said with an eye roll.

A moment later the door opened straight ahead of us. She quickly nipped in. Even from feet away I could hear her powerful stream— not unexpected after the liquid she’d consumed. A moments later a door opened for me. I took care of business and we began the return back to our area a moment later.

Over the next 30 minutes, Kate and I socialized both with each other and the group overall.

I felt a tap on my shoulder, “You guys wanna play?” A guy, presumably in college, gestured towards a game of flip cup. “We need two more.”

I looked at Kate, who gave me a shrug and a smile. “We’re in.”

Now for those of you that don’t know, flip cup involves teams of roughly 5 drinking a bit of alcohol from a cup, and then flipping it on the edge of the table to be upside down. Once the first person does it, the next goes, and so on. It’s a fun drinking game in colleges, especially for the social aspect of it.

“We’re going to play best of 7. Losing team all has to shotgun a beer!” yelled the guy who invited us and was presumably running the game. This was met by roaring cheers. I looked across the table at Kate, who ended up on the opposite team as me with a “you’re on” look. It felt good to turn back the clock and feel like we were in college again, despite just leaving.

The teams were pretty evenly matched, and the score was tied 3-3 through six games. That meant the winner of this game would win the series, and most importantly not need to chug a beer again. Kate and I were both anchors for our respective teams, meaning we’d go last. Whichever team won, one of us would hit the winning shot.

Kate and I both watched our teams down the table. The first player on both sides made it first shot. The second players each took 2. The third players, by far the weakest, both struggled. I looked across the table at Kate, “looks like it comes down to us… double or nothing?”

“I’m not losing, so sure,” she replied back with a smile and sass.

Finally the third players both completed their shots. In an instant, the fourth did as well. As quickly as I could, I chugged my drink. I rapidly slammed down the cup and flipped it. No good. I was so focused I didn’t even pay attention to Kate, but a groan from the other side of the table told me she did as well. With a renewed focus, I slid my finger under the cup and flipped. Roaring cheers came from my side. I put my hands up like I’d won something much greater than a dumb college drinking game.

Kate’s team walked over to the same grass patch between the bags earlier. The team clearly didn’t take the loss too hard, and quickly downed their drinks. As they filtered out, I handed Kate another. “Sorry babe,” I said with a smile. She playfully punched me. And quickly downed it. Upon finishing, she approached me, “Hey, I-“

”Hey buddy, what’s up!”

I turned around, and it was one of my best friends, Jake, and his girlfriend Taylor. I hadn’t seen Jake since graduation, and didn’t expect to today.

“What brings you here man?? Great to see you!” I said very excitedly.

“We were in the area and wanted to come say hi for a bit and catch up, great to see you all!” As Jake looked around, he quickly noticed the bags boards.

“You guys wanna play?” he asked.

”Of course I replied, Kate was just saying that earlier, let’s do it!” I looked at Kate, who seemed less excited than expected, but still began to walk over. Jake and I took one side, Kate and Taylor took the other, each couple making up a respective team.

Now none of us were great to begin with, but the drinks certainly weren’t helping. It was 50/50 whether each one landed on the board or the grass beside it. Jake and I caught up, and Kate and Taylor, who were familiar with each other, but not as close as us guys, also seemed to make small talk. As the game went on, I noticed Kate talking less to her. Weird, i thought, normally she’s pretty friendly.

As Jake and I finished our round of throwing, the girls bent down to collect the recently tossed bags now on their side. As Kate did this, I noticed she seemed to struggle bending down and looked rigid. This struck me as weird, but then I remembered finals and her walk across the parking lot. She had to pee, and probably pretty badly.

The girls soon completed their round, and the score was tied 18-18. I noticed Kate immediately stand with her legs close together, yet another sign her bladder was uncomfortably full. I knew she wouldn’t pause the game, so I determined to win it for her.

Jake threw first and made it on. 19-18 them. I threw it—on. 18-18. (Points cancel each round)

Jake missed, I scored. 19-18 us.

Jake missed, I threw one that *just* hung on to the edge. 20-18. If Jake missed, all I needed to do was make it on and we’d win.

Not only did Jake miss, he knocked mine off. 18-18. This meant I needed to make it into the hole to win. I looked over at Kate, who couldn’t believe what had happened. Once again, she stood fists balled and legs straight as a board. I knew I had to help.

“Kate baby, you’re gonna love this,” I said with a sense of swagger and sarcasm that could’ve only possibly been brought on at least partially through the alcohol. Swish.

Everyone cheered, and we quickly met in the middle.

“Great shot man, that was awesome!” Jake told me. “It’s good to see you guys, especially you Kate, it’s been a while. How’s life as an attorney.”

Now I loved Jake because he was a nice guy and truly cared like this, but this was Kate’s worst nightmare. She was far too shy and nice to cut him off, and did her best to make small talk and answer what he asked. He asked her about her work, what cases she was looking at, where she worked, etc. All nice things, but nothing but torture for Kate. Finally he asked me something, immediately Kate whipped out her phone and began typing.

“Hey, did you see this,” she asked, handing me her phone.

’Have to pee. Bad. Please distract them.’

I knew I had to play it off. “That’s crazy, I’ll text him. Jake, Taylor come with me I’ll get you guys a drink”

It was now about 2 pm, just one hour before the start of the game. The three of us walked back to the tailgate and coolers. “We have everything you could want,” I told them, and it was true. The cooler between Kate and I’s car sat about 30 inches high and 50 inches long— plenty large enough for any drink possible and ice.

As us 3 continued to talk, I got a text from Kate.

‘Massive line. I have to go so so bad.’

Then another.

’There’s probably 100 people waiting. This is going to take forever.’

I quickly texted back ‘you got this. Just relax and take deep breaths.’

Immediately she responded, ‘I’m trying.’

Two minutes later another text, ‘Group of girls behind me talking about how bad they need to pee. Said they might pee their pants. Makes it even worse.’

’Can you ask to cut?’ I responded.

’Too shy. Too many people to ask. I can hold it.’

I could picture her in line. Body fully tensed, hands balled, and a bit of a bounce that would make her ass look great were the situation not so dire.

About ten minutes later, I texted again.

’Any progress?’

She quickly responded, ‘Maybe halfway. I’m so full.’

‘At least no button this time :)’ I replied. That got ignored.

Immediately I got another text, ‘Woman ahead of me in line just got two kids dropped off by her husband. Both are saying they need to poop. This is going to take forever.’

Once again, luck was not on Kate’s side. I decided to sneak away and go check on her. I saw her about halfway up, and went to join her.

“Doing okay?” I asked concerned. She shook her head.

”HEY! No cutting in line! I’m literally about to piss myself here!”

I turned around and saw a blonde girl with a hand over her crotch and lower lip bit.

“I promise I’m not,” I’m just talking with my girlfriend.”

“That’s what everyone says!” she replied “then you sneak in!”

One of her friends, a brunette spoke up,

”Jade, shut up. You pissed yourself once last year and probably will again this year. Don’t yell at him,” she said with a touch of annoyance. I couldn’t help but laugh a bit. Unexpectedly, Kate spoke up.

”It’s fine, we’ll leave anyways.” I was shocked, “Kate, I-“

“No it’s fine, come on,” she said and quickly pulled me away grabbing my hand.

I gave her a weird look. She looked at me with concern the moment we were away from the line and said “I was never going to make it in that line. I have about two minutes until I lose it. This is worse than finals, please help me.”

“There’s a McDonald’s three blocks away, can you-“

”No.”

I knew it was bad. I knew she was stressed and on the verge of a flood. I racked my brain trying to come up with ideas. Suddenly she stopped walking, shoving a hand to grab her crotch and twisting her legs. I looked at her with concern, she closed her eyes with sheer focus. After a couple seconds that felt like hours, she said “I almost lost it, I have a minute at most.”

I got an idea. It wasn’t a great one, but it would work.

“I have an idea, but you’re not gonna like it,” I quickly told her.

“As long as it doesn’t involve peeing my pants or a hundred people watching me pee, it’s fine with me,” she quickly replied.

I hesitated for a split second, “… it involves one of those things.”

“No way!” she replied.

“Kate hear me out. You’re gonna pee here anyways, you said it yourself. There’s the cooler between the cars. We’re parked in the corner with the wall at the front of the cars. Go behind it and flip the lid up. I’ll stand between you and the crowd as an extra layer of protection and to make sure no one comes back there. Spread your legs and act like you’re searching for a drink so if anyone catches a glimpse of you they don’t suspect anything. You’ve drank so much this will be mostly water, and you’re wearing black leggings so it won’t be too noticeable, plus it’ll dry.”

As I said it out loud it sounded crazy, yet that was the situation we were in.

”I’ll smell like pee! And people will hear!”

”We can put on sunscreen to mask it, plus I don’t think it’ll be that bad given how much you’ve drank. And listen to the music, I can barely hear you talking to me.”

”…okay, she said quietly, “let’s go.”

Now this honestly was the best plan in my head, but Kate agreeing to pee her pants was shocking to me. We made our way over to what would be one heck of a makeshift bathroom. Lucky for us, no one was there. Kate waddled to the back while I flipped the lid up, which covered about to her belly button. The moment she made it behind, I heard a yelp.

The flood had started.

“Spread your legs! It’ll help it from running down them too much!”

She did as instructed, pulling off her pose well. To anyone passing by she looked like one of thousands of college students grabbing a drink. Only us two knew she was really standing there absolutely flooding herself. Somewhat surprisingly, my plan worked decently well. Her crotch was soaked, but it both wasn’t super noticeable and also mainly confined to that area. From thighs down she was as dry as when she started the day. I made sure to keep an eye on her while also anyone who’d venture back looking for a drink to hopefully stall them.

Kate stole a glance at her crotch- an absolutely massive and powerful stream stemming from it. “I’m peeing as hard as I can to try and get this over with as fast as possible.”

I nodded in agreement.

“Hey! Can I sneak by you to grab a drink?”

It was Taylor. At this moment, I had to put on the acting performance of a lifetime. Play it cool.

“Oh I got you! What do you want? I’ll get it!”

Taylor smiled, “Hmm, having trouble deciding, maybe a seltzer?”

”No worries, stay there, I got it! Kate is clearly having trouble deciding too,” I said with a laugh. I approached the cooler and Kate. “Almost done?” It had been about 30 seconds at this point since she started. I glanced down and saw her stream as powerful as ever. “Maybe halfway,” she replied, “this is worse than finals.”

I turned around and handed Taylor her drink. She seemed slightly confused by the situation, but didn’t seem to fully understand it to me. As she walked away, I turned around. “You’re welcome.”

No reply. As I approached again, it seemed her stream had begun to die a little, but she was still going at a pretty good rate. “Had to hit that cup…” she said.

”Shouldn’t have missed yours,” I replied.

Finally, after about 30 more seconds, she finished. “I’m literally out of breath,” she said, “that was so bad.”

I laughed and opened the door, grabbing the sunscreen. May wanna put a thin coat of this on. She did. I was pleased to see it seemed like she wasn’t too distraught over the situation— the alcohol probably had something to do with that. She applied a thin layer to her arms, enough that anyone close by would smell that before anything else. She handed it back.

”How do I look?” she said with concern, and did a slow spin. It honestly wasn’t bad. Sure if you really looked you could tell, but the wetness was low enough that you couldn’t really tell from behind, and from the front it could easily be mistaken for a shadow. “Sexy.” I replied. That wasn’t what she meant, and I was met with an eye roll. “Genuinely not bad, you wouldn’t know unless you really looked.”

”That’s great, thank you,” she said with a smile, hug, and kiss. Then she looked down. “What about this.” I glanced down to see a puddle that would make certain lakes jealous. I grabbed a beer, opened it, and dropped it in the center of the puddle. It immediately mixed and looked like nothing more than a spilled drink.

“Party foul,” I said with a smile and shrugged shoulders. She laughed. I handed her a drink, and we headed back to rejoin the group and socialize for the last hour.

