How Sarah Likes It

Author: Trickling Down

*000*2017-12-04 02:33

It was a busy day at university, and Eden and Zach were in a room made of couch on three sides, struggling with an assignment. Sarah, on the other hand, was doing much better at it, and was giving tips to the others on content and improvements while guzzling an iced tea and playing with her blonde hair. After a while, however, the work got tiring, so they packed up and went to a cafe inside the campus. When they arrived, Eden ordered a chocolate milkshake, while Zach and Sarah chose vanilla.

While Zach was telling of his parkour exploits, Eden noticed Sarah wasn't standing normally. Sometimes she'd cross one leg over the other, and sometimes she'd even bend over a bit, causing her yellow shirt to hike up and reveal whatever part of her lower torso was above her buttoned denim skirt. Eden recognised this as Sarah needing the bathroom, and was now diverting some attention toward her legs and away from Zach's recent stacking. Eventually, Eden's penis noticed her movements, requiring him to adjust his jeans.

"Are you two alright?" Zach asked.

"Yeah," Sarah responded.

"What are you two doing?"

"Making some adjustments," Eden said as a matter of fact.

Zach started laughing, and Sarah and Eden followed suit, but Eden noticed that Sarah paused a bit during her laughing, and wondered whether she'd peed a bit.

"God damn, Eden," Zach said, taking no further notice of Sarah's movements.

Soon after, their milkshakes were finally served to them, and they walked to a different building as they had to look for a class. Sarah's friend Sione was going to meet up with them, but they didn't know if, or where, the class had been moved. They got to what was known as H block and took the stairs down two floors as that was where Sarah thought the class had been moved to. They looked around but couldn't find anyone they recognised so Eden found a seat and Sarah texted Sione.

"You wanna sit down, Sarah?"

"Nah I'm good."

"Are you sure? Okay."

"Ooh, seats!" Zach said, before taking a space for himself.

Sarah was pacing around, still crossing her legs from time to time, but was also drinking her milkshake faster than Zach, and much faster than Eden. Soon enough, she finished off her milkshake.

"Finished already?" Eden questioned.

"Yeah," Sarah answered.

"You must be thirsty."

"Oh, very," she said with a smirk.

Soon after, Sarah got a text from Sione, and found out the room they were moved to was four levels up from where they were, and the class was about to start so they had to take the lift up straight away. Zach finished his milkshake in the lift and threw it away before they entered the classroom, but Eden was still drinking as they walked in. They found Sione and sat down with her, Eden noticing that Sarah's legs were crossed rather tightly. The lesson itself proved to be rather boring, although there were some important details. Adding to the difficulty of listening to the lecturer, at least for Eden, was the perfume Sarah had sprayed early in the lesson, leaving Eden woefully distracted by the allure of strawberry in the air. With much of his attention on Sarah, however, he was able to notice that she had started to wiggle in her seat, her blonde locks swaying with her, although she was still taking plenty of notes. When the lesson ended, Zach and Sione got up from their chairs.

"Sarah, Eden, you guys alright?" Sione asked.

"I'm okay," Sarah responded, taking her time to get up and squeezing her legs a bit harder before doing so.

"Eden. Eden? Eden!" Zach said.

"What?"

"You coming?"

"Oh, yeah."

Zach and Eden immediately went to another class, leaving Sarah and Sione to do a project together. Despite her desperation, Sarah bought a coffee on the way, and denied the opportunity to use the library foyer bathroom when Sione went in, instead filling up her water bottle. When Sione finished, walking up the stairs to the couch room proved to be difficult for Sarah as she had to keep her legs as close together as possible.

As they were working on their assignment, Sarah became more desperate, her already crossed legs becoming tighter but less still as time passed. After an hour or so, they were constantly moving, and she was also frequently squirming around to address the sensation of her bladder. Indeed, keeping both hands on her keyboard proved to be an agonising task. Sarah tried to make sure that Sione wouldn't notice, but occasionally Sione would get suspicious, forcing Sarah to make various excuses to hide not only her need to pee, but also that she liked it. A lot.

Eventually, Sione went home, leaving Sarah somewhat freer to wiggle, and even to sometimes hold herself. Sarah had held in public many times before, and was now well aware that she was approaching her bladder's limits, and she still needed to remain covert. In the meantime, she sprayed some more strawberry perfume and swung her legs up under herself, and the room soon became empty, allowing Sarah to hold herself more. Eventually, after his two hour class, Eden appeared, and Sarah removed her hand from her crotch in response.

"Hey Sarah, how you going?"

"I'm fine," Sarah replied, smiling back to Eden to draw away from her shifting.

"I got some more stuff I need help on..." Eden started to stutter upon registering Sarah's perfume, and was blinking faster "...for that assignment."

"Oh, okay. What do you need."

Sarah helped Eden with parts of the assignment, and Eden gave some tips to Sarah in return. Neither, however, had their full focus on the task at hand, and Sarah's now severe desperation was obvious to Eden. Of course, Eden tried not to let this on to Sarah as her state was a sight to behold. Sarah was already very attractive anyway, with her amazing blonde hair, her slender legs, and her perky breasts. However, her desperation, and her perfume, served to make her irresistible.

While Eden's mind was being clouded by her perfume and her subtly frantic movements, Sarah's mind was being clouded by the urine that was overfilling her bladder and was now making advances at her urethra. She had no interest, however, in letting any of it out. Sarah was more desperate than she had ever let herself get in public before, but the sensations were simply too good to let go, and pretending she wasn't absolutely bursting while working on her assignment turned her on to no end. It was only a matter of time, though, before the two students could no longer ignore Sarah's urgent need.

"Are you okay, Sarah? You look like you need to pee."

"I'm fine."

"So your hand is just clutching there for nothing?"

Sarah gingerly moved her hand away from her nether regions, and was now perilously close to release.

"Okay, I kinda need to go, but I can hold it. See."

"You're squirming like crazy."

"That doesn't mean I can't hold it."

Eden raised his eyebrow at Sarah's claim, and Sarah had a bladder spasm, forcing her to grab her crotch again.

"You've been desperate since we got the milkshakes. That was more than three hours ago."

"You saw that?"

"Yes, I did. Your bladder must be overflowing by now."

"But that's how I like it."

This time, it was Eden who was surprised, perplexed as to why Sarah refused to use the bathroom, but in his strawberry clouded state he loved it.

Oh my days, Sarah is amazing. Oh my days.

Sarah, now with no reason to hide it, was now openly desperate, moaning every so often, one hand hard in her crotch, the other attempting to type, her legs, and indeed her body, shifting around like no tomorrow. Their new attempt at work was short lived, however, as their base desires were now overwhelming, with not only perfume and desperation distracting them, but also raging horniness.

"Sarah, how badly do you need to pee?"

"R-really bad," Sarah, with her other hand switching between typing and holding, responded.

"How long has your bladder been full for?"

"Since lunch."

"So about five hours?"

"That long? Holy shit."

"You still think you can hold it?" Eden raised an eyebrow in reference to Sarah's previous claim.

"Of course I c-can!" Sarah had a sudden urge and bent over with her legs tightly crossed around both her hands. "M-maybe."

"What do you wanna do now?"

Sarah paused, then suddenly switched to a much more playful tone.

"I wanna have sex."

Eden's surprise at this answer was palpable, but given his own desire, he was happy inside.

"And it looks like you want some too."

Sarah gestured to Eden's visibly erect penis, then shifted forward, closer to Eden, still visibly struggling against her bladder.

"You know you want to."

Eden stared at Sarah, her wonderfully slender figure still in perpetual motion. Her skirt was hiked up so high that her pink panties were visible to him, and he saw that they were quite wet. Their combined urges were so strong that Eden had no choice but to act. He shuffled on all fours in to Sarah and started snogging her, wrapping both arms around her. Sarah brought one arm around Eden, and after some time let go of herself with her other, bringing it to Eden's arm, guiding his arm to her crotch and holding his hand there, letting Eden feel the throb of her clitoris.

She then let go of Eden's hand and held on to his body, leaving nothing but Eden's out of place appendage between urethra and couch, Sarah quivering under the load of preventing a torrent of pee from escaping her. As the kiss lingered on, their movements in embrace became more pronounced, violent even, and Eden's hand got wetter from the leaking Sarah. It was minutes before the embrace finally ceased, and when it did, Sarah's hands immediately replaced Eden's and her legs crossed like a vice in an effort to stop her bladder leaking. By the time it did, her panties were soaked, and it was starting to show on her skirt.

"Now for the good bit," Sarah said as she stripped off, but Eden soon interrupted.

"Not here, Sarah," he told the now topless girl fidgeting in front of her. "I know a place where no one will see us. Follow me."

When Sarah started to put her clothes back on, however, Eden shook his head.

"No bra, Sarah. Your nipples seem to like the exposure. Now that I think of it, those panties must be getting cold, so I'd remove those too."

Sarah tried to resist, but Eden simply looked sternly at her, and she complied.

"Good girl," he smiled.

They walked out of the library proper and into the foyer, and Eden told Sarah to wait outside the foyer bathroom while he went in.

"While you wait, you could fill up your water bottle. All that kissing must have made you very thirsty."

This time, Sarah complied quickly, having now fully entered submission, and stood there cross legged and squirming, trying her best to both hold her liquids and hide the fact she was inordinately desperate. The running water, however, had her leaking, and even spurting, as her water bottle filled. When Eden came out, she was rubbing her legs together to rub off the pee that had ran down them. Now they had to walk to another building altogether, and Sarah, complete with taut nipples under her shirt and a bare pussy under her heavily hiked skirt, was in a world of her own, one where every movement gave her euphoria, but at the same time threatened to be her humiliation. Outside it was near deserted, so Sarah grabbed herself hard as they walked to the secret location, the denim of her skirt rubbing against her clitoris. Soon, they entered the other block, and walked into a lift.

"Take off your shirt," Eden ordered.

"Here?" Sarah asked.

"Yes. And make it cute."

Sarah eagerly complied, her squirming accentuating her mini strip tease, her shirt slowly revealing her perky breasts and her perkier nipples. It was indeed a very cute strip tease, finished off by Sarah swinging her shirt and tossing it at Eden.

"There we go," Eden said, smiling with his arms opened out like a mob boss, a fidgeting Sarah then putting one hand back in her crotch.

The lift opened to a corridor and they made their way along, Sarah fondling her breasts with one arm, scared that someone would see her in such an undignified state, but said fear and fondling simply adding to her massive arousal. Opening the door to where they would have their pleasure revealed a large classroom, with couches at the tables instead of chairs, and they went straight to a massive ottoman-type couch in a corner of the room hidden from the door.

Sarah, with great difficulty, removed her skirt button by button and revealed her slender beauty in its bare form, gracefully exposed, yet in frantic motion.

"Now," Eden ordered, "drink up your water while I prepare. That bottle better be empty by the time my jeans are down."

Sarah chugged on her bottle as Eden stripped, at the same time pacing around on the spot and clutching at her pussy, and when they finished around the same time, her other hand joined in the effort, Eden watching with just a pair of boxer briefs.

Eden then took Sarah, brought her down on the soft furniture, and started to kiss her, first wildly on her red lips, and then to her blushing cheeks. He migrated down her neck, the massage of his lips in time with the waves of Sarah's laboured breathing, all the way to her breasts. He claimed those soft boobs as his territory, kissing every part of them until they were all his, Sarah's movements becoming more pronounced in response. His kissing came back up to her luscious lips, his hands taking over Sarah's breasts and gracefully fondling them. Eden then led one hand slowly down Sarah's torso until it reached her bladder, and traced his hand on it.

Sarah's bladder was stiff as wood, yet so very sensitive, and Sarah was wriggling under Eden's touch. Her movements turned to writhing when Eden applied pressure to the vulnerable area, and she moaned from the pressure. His hand then continued on toward her lower labia, dripping with urine. His hand stroked them, teasing around them, and soon entered inside, causing Sarah to stiffen in arousal. She was in a state of wild pleasure, the stimulation controlling her mind, Eden controlling her body.

The foreplay then gave way to the main act as Eden removed his hand and revealed his condom sheathed penis, then inserted himself into Sarah. Each thrust was a thrust laced with unmatched pleasure, enhanced by the agony of the vessel inside her. Sarah's body became tenser with each stroke, her vessel begging harder and harder for release. Eden, too, was in carnal bliss, his member weighed down upon by Sarah's bladder, but his pleasure was nowhere near Sarah's, which got greater and greater with each stroke, until she was near climax. Indeed, Eden had to muffle Sarah's moans to avoid any possibility of being detected. Sarah inched toward climax, but the climax never came. Instead, she was left teetering on the edge, always peering over but never actually arriving. The agony was absolute, and Sarah wanted nothing more than to cum. Except she equally wanted it to never end.

Then Eden stopped thrusting. Eden attempted to dismount, but Sarah stopped him.

"Let me get out."

"No! Keep going!"

"Sarah, no."

"I need to cum!"

"I know you need to cum, but I also know that you want to be held at the door, begging to be let in, but truly desiring to be kept out. Besides, if you cum, you'll pee all over the furniture. You don't want that, do you?"

Sarah was not happy with Eden, but she knew he was right. Peeing all over the room could get her in big trouble, and she loved being denied. The feeling of being oh so close to orgasm was the most pleasurable of agonies, besides being oh so close to peeing herself, and combined they created an agony that Sarah enjoyed like no other.

"Now can you get off my penis?"

"If you take it out, I'll leak."

"You're already leaking anyway. I'll hold for you while I take it out, okay?"

Sarah nodded, and Eden took hold of her labia, which gave Sarah a jolt of pleasure. Eden then dismounted, and held tighter afterwards, before Sarah took over and grasped herself with both hands, drips getting past continuously. The pair of lovers then took off toward the mens' bathroom. Sarah was holding her clothes against her naked self with one hand, and Eden was in his boxers, and had filled Sarah's water bottle yet again on the way.

"Can I pee now?" Sarah begged, the toilets so tantalisingly close.

"Not yet, Sarah. Besides, I thought you loved having an overfilled bladder. Doesn't it feel amazing right now?"

"Oh, it so does!" Sarah groaned. "Now fuck my brains out!"

"I've got something to do first."

Eden then handed Sarah her water bottle, walked to a toilet, told her to drink, and then pissed. Sarah buckled to her knees in response to Eden pissing in full view of her, and she struggled to stop her bladder from emptying, pee leaking out of her while water flooded in. Only after Eden came out did he finally resume giving Sarah the pleasure she so wanted, and even then he refused to let her cum, keeping her at the door of orgasm, but not letting her in. Sarah was again in euphoria, her body tenser than ever before. It was moments more before Eden powered in hard, and Sarah finally had the orgasm she waited so long for. It was a powerful orgasm, and it consumed her completely, with much time passing before it ceased. In the chaos of her sensations, her bladder had finally released, letting a torrent of urine out of her. Eden carried her to the toilet before too much of the floor was flooded, and Sarah stayed there for what seemed like years before returning to reality.

After the pair returned to reality, they washed up and then returned to the previous room, and Sarah passed out on one of the large ottomans. Eden decided to sleep as well, setting a timer for half an hour.

*005*2017-12-09 16:00

{{On 8 December 2017 at 4:38 PM, Uniee said:

Great story... once I realised Eden was a boy ?... I've always known it as a girls name...

}}

Huh. The only Eden I know of is Eden Hazard, a male football player. Thanks anyway ?

%https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eden_Hazard

*007*2017-12-09 16:05

{{1 minute ago, Uniee said:

Try to ignore Chelsea players ?

}}

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! Speaking of which, they just lost to West Ham!

