Fluttershy's Scary Movie Accident

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-01-17 16:02

Fluttershy's Scary Movie Accident

Equestria Girls. And just to be safe, I will specify that, in all my depictions of them, they either are in Grade 12 or have graduated.

One night, the girls were having a slumber party at Rainbow Dash's house. Fluttershy was wearing a white tank top and short, skintight green shorts.

"Wanna watch a scary movie?" Rainbow Dash said.

Everyone except Fluttershy made sounds of agreement.

"Want to go upstairs and do something else while we watch the movie, Fluttershy?" said Twilight.

"I..." Fluttershy thought for a moment, then boldly said "I can handle it."

Only ten minutes into the movie, Fluttershy sat with her knees up, biting her fingernails and trembling. The others expected her to run out at any moment, but she didn't.

About two thirds through the movie, during a particularly scary scene, Fluttershy wet her shorts. She barely noticed the warm wetness spreading through her crotch and butt, soaking the cushion she sat on.

When the movie ended, Fluttershy stopped trembling and sighed of relief. She then realized that she had peed herself and blushed.

Twilight patted Fluttershy's back. "You made it through the entire movie and didn't run out. Great job!"

"You don't mind that I peed my pants?" said Fluttershy, noticing her friends' total lack of reaction to her wet shorts.

"Of course not!" said Twilight. "It happens to all of us at least once."

"Even Rainbow Dash?"

Rainbow laughed. "I've pissed myself on my dares more times than I can count! At least once in every outfit you've ever seen me in, besides the one-off Rarity outfits. Shorts, leggings, jeans, swimsuit, snowpants, pajamas, just my underwear..."

"Really?" said Fluttershy, blushing a bit more for reasons that had nothing to do with her own accident.

"Of course!" said Rainbow. "So don't think a little pee accident is gonna scare me away. To be honest, I'd have been surprised if you didn't piss yourself for this movie. Besides, I think it makes you even cuter." Rainbow blushed slightly and smiled.

Suddenly, Fluttershy didn't care if her friends saw her wet herself. She no longer felt ashamed. "Rainbow Dash? Do you mind if I sit next to you?"

"Not at all!" said Rainbow, moving a bit on the couch for Fluttershy to sit on. "And don't worry about the cushion. I've cleaned it before from my own accidents, hehe."

Fluttershy sat next to Rainbow, who wrapped her arm around Fluttershy's shoulder while Fluttershy leaned her head against Rainbow, closing her eyes and letting out a little sigh of contentment, not caring that her shorts were soaked in pee.

"Feel better, darling?" Rarity asked.

"Much better," said Fluttershy.

So, they had a pillow fight and did other fun activities, Fluttershy having as much fun as the others. Eventually, they climbed into their sleeping bags. Fluttershy still in her wet shorts.

"Aren't you gonna change?" Rainbow asked. Her sleeping bag was right next to Fluttershy's.

"I didn't bring a change," said Fluttershy. "But I don't mind."

"Do you mind if I tease you a bit about it?" Rainbow asked.

"As long as no one else except the rest of our friends are around," said Fluttershy. "I know you mean nothing by it, and it is a little funny. Besides, you said you wet yourself more than I do."

"Hehe, Fluttershy's sleeping in the pants she peed in," said Rainbow, poking Fluttershy a bit. Fluttershy giggled and poked Rainbow back, before they went to sleep.

Fluttershy dreamed that the creatures from the scary movie were going after her, and she was running from them only to be surprised by them at every turn. As she slept, a hissing noise could be heard emanating from her under her sleeping bag.

Rainbow woke up, noticing the hissing noise. As soon as it stopped, she nudged Fluttershy a bit. "Fluttershy?"

Fluttershy woke up. "Yes, Dashie?"

"Did you just... go potty?"

Fluttershy felt her wet shorts. They were certainly wetter than when she had gone to sleep, and so was the inside of her sleeping bag. "Yes..."

"Haha, I can't believe you peed your sleeping bag!" said Rainbow Dash. "That's hilarious!"

Fluttershy blushed lightly but giggled.

"In all seriousness," said Rainbow Dash, "sometimes I dream about trying to find a bathroom, but no matter how fast I am, and sometimes the dream makes me really slow, I can't find the right one, either the stall door is missing or it doesn't have a toilet or they're all full or something, and I end up peeing myself, and then wake up in wet pajamas."

Fluttershy giggled at this.

"Now close your eyes and relax," said Rainbow.

Fluttershy closed her eyes and relaxed as much as possible. Rainbow started massaging her back. Fluttershy enjoyed this, feeling so relaxed. She peed the rest of the way, which hardly mattered as she had already wet her sleeping bag.

Rainbow Dash stopped about a minute after Fluttershy finished peeing. "Did you like that?"

"Yes," said Fluttershy.

"Hehe, you looked really cute just now, peeing yourself again without a care in the world."

Fluttershy giggled.

"Are you going to be able to sleep in your own pee?" Rainbow asked.

"Next to you, yes," said Fluttershy. Eventually they both went back to sleep.

...

The following morning, after everyone had a good lighthearted laugh at Fluttershy's accidents, they had breakfast and coffee, and after about an hour, it was time for them to go home.

"I don't feel ashamed about peeing myself in front of you, but what if someone sees me?" Fluttershy asked.

"I'll get you home in five seconds flat," said Rainbow, and she grabbed her geode and put it around her neck before picking up Fluttershy and carrying her over her shoulder with both her hands on her rear end.

"Can I go to the bathroom f-" Before Fluttershy could finish, she let out a little whimper as Rainbow zipped down the sidewalk to Fluttershy's house.

"What did I tell you? Five seconds flat!" Rainbow then realized the right side of the front of her T-shirt and pants were soaked. She looked around to make sure no one was nearby, and then said "Did you wet yourself AGAIN?"

"Yes," said Fluttershy. "I can't hold it when you go that fast."

Rainbow laughed and patted Fluttershy's butt before setting her down. "You'd better go inside and change. Your shorts already stink."

Fluttershy blushed and giggled. "Thanks for the ride. I'm so sorry I peed on you."

"Don't worry about it," said Rainbow. "I don't mind. I still think it's really cute."

Fluttershy smiled and walked inside to shower and change while Rainbow ran back to her house.

