The Changing Room - An Audio Story

Author: tedted

*000*2025-11-07 13:46

As promised, here’s another story in the series. This one started with a simple idea but grew into something much bigger. It’s the longest one yet, at about 45 minutes!

I’m pretty pleased with how it turned out, though after hearing it so many times, I’ve probably lost all sense of objectivity. Let me know what you think..

As always, contains female desperation, wetting, bad language and themes of a sexual nature. Enjoy!

&&

%the-changing-room.mp3

*003*2025-11-07 18:50

{{2 hours ago, Breepee said:

Absolutely perfect. What AI voice software do you use?

}}

Thank-you! I'm now using https://elevenlabs.io/

And then editing offline with audacity.

Here's the script:

I love the smell of freshly cut grass.

It evokes so many memories.

Isn't it funny how a smell can instantly transport you back to a place you'd thought you'd forgotten?

Or simply remind you of something that you will never forget?

A woman's perfume on the tube, a wet labrador in the park, an old leather jacket at the back of a wardrobe.

Music has a very similar effect on me.

In fact, that's how I first met Cara.

I was sat right here beneath the majestic shade of this ancient oak tree, listening to my favourite bands on my Walkman.

I had been skipping games for a few weeks at that point. I hate team sports.

So on the first day of the new term when Mrs Florence asked me if I'd be joining the Netball team or giving hockey a go, I didn't know what to say.

In reality, I hadn't given it a moment's thought.

But thinking on the spot, I said I'd opted for Netball.

And then, when approached by the Netball coach, in a flash of inspiration, I told her I was sticking with hockey.

I'd found a loophole, some kind of quantum superposition where I was simultaneously playing hockey and Netball at the same time, but in reality, doing neither.

As long as nobody bothered to check, to expose my naughty secret.

And as luck would have it, they didn't.

Instead, every Wednesday afternoon, I'd slip through the school's back gate, skirt around the cricket pavilion and cross over the bowling green before climbing up the hill to where I am now.

If Cara had arrived just 30 seconds earlier, she would have caught me with my trousers down, quite literally.

I had drank a lot of water that morning, and after an hour of trying to ignore the signals from my bladder, I realised I was absolutely desperate for a wee.

And I'd be damned if I was going to walk back down to the school to use the girls' toilets.

It wasn't worth the risk.

Instead, I decided to just squat and pee over there by the bushes.

As I got up my bladder spasmed, I was so close to wetting myself.

I gripped my crotch tightly and hastily made my way towards the undergrowth.

And with seconds to spare, I hurriedly pulled down my shorts and knickers and squatted low to the ground.

I peed furiously into the dirt for well over a minute.

God it felt good.

And if I'm honest, a little arousing.

So naughty and taboo.

Anyone could have walked around the corner and caught me.

They'd have seen everything, a desperate 18-year-old flashing her bits for the whole world to see.

But as it turns out, it wasn't just anybody who came around the corner.

It was Cara.

And luckily by that point, I'd managed to regain my modesty and had returned to my spot here beneath the tree.

She looked as surprised as I did.

But after a brief pause, she simply laughed and said, "I guess great minds think alike. Would you mind if I joined you?"

And that's how it started.

Cara had only been at the school since the start of that term and was unlikely to stay long.

I'd met her briefly on the first day, but we hadn't really spoken since.

As we sat on that first afternoon, she explained she rarely stayed at a school longer than a term or two.

Her dad was a diplomat or something which meant they constantly had to travel.

She was originally from London, but had lived all over Europe and the Middle East.

I could tell she'd had a tough upbringing.

She only ever mentioned her mother once to say that she was an alcoholic, and her dad was always working late, with his secretary.

I quickly learnt she was obsessed with films.

It was as if she'd seen and memorised every film made in the last 50 years.

She was like a walking encyclopedia.

It was clearly an escape for her.

In particular, she adored old black and white movies.

She once told me that as a child she wished she could climb through the screen and into that world.

She dreamt of being on the silver screen, and my god she had the looks for it.

She looked like Audrey Hepburn if she joined a rockabilly band.

Wide doe eyes that somehow looked both innocent and mischievous at the same time.

She was quite simply beautiful, a timeless sort of beauty, the kind of beauty that told us to dig for victory in the 40s or sold us cigarettes in the 50s.

And she was a truly gifted actress.

I remember in her first drama class at the school, she delivered a soliloquy so moving Mrs. Constantine was left speechless, and it was all off the top of her head.

When asked how long she had been acting for, she simply said, "always."

And as I got to know her, I quickly found out she was hilarious.

As we continued to meet every Wednesday afternoon here under the oak tree, she would inevitably have me in stitches, almost wetting myself with laughter.

She had an incredible talent for impersonations.

She could change not just her voice, but her mannerisms and everything.

It was as if she had become someone else.

She was a masterful mimic, a shapeshifter.

It would have been almost scary if it wasn't so funny.

I was a little bit in love with her.

We soon fell into a routine.

Every Wednesday we'd hide in the sixth form common room until the rest of the school were distracted by the afternoon sports activities.

Then we'd change out of our uniforms and into our normal clothes before sneaking up here on the hill.

For the first six weeks everything went smoothly, but as the days grew shorter and we started to approach winter, it inevitably got colder.

And then one day it actually started to snow.

And it was clear that we needed to find an alternative hideout.

And that's when I had a brainwave.

There's an old, long abandoned squash court by the car park of our school.

Many years ago it was open to the public, but it hadn't seen use in decades.

The council doesn't know what to do with it since it's technically a listed building.

Next to the squash court though are the old men's changing rooms.

Years ago it had been repurposed to store sports equipment, but had now pretty much been abandoned.

I realised it would be the perfect place for us to hang out, away from prying eyes.

So that afternoon, as the snow started to settle and the light began to fade, we snuck back down the hill to the car park and into the forgotten changing room.

The single bare light bulb flickered on, casting a dim glow over the scene.

The room was a mess, but you could still see traces of its original function.

A toilet cubicle was repurposed as a storage cupboard, stacked to the ceiling with boxes of old sports gear.

Next to it, a single men's urinal was mounted to the wall.

We both giggled at the sight.

We were definitely in the boys' changing rooms.

Directly above the urinal hung an old deteriorated mirror, the silvering flaked and spotted.

At the back of the room, what had once been the showers was now a chaotic pile of cricket bats, hockey sticks and discarded sports bibs, decades of abandoned clutter.

Cara moved a few things around, making us a couple of makeshift benches out of boxes.

She then sat down, crossed her legs and grinned at me triumphantly.

It was surprisingly cozy and definitely warmer than outside.

We were probably only in there for about half an hour when suddenly we heard the crunch of gravel from outside.

It was the unmistakable sound of a large coach crawling into the car park.

Then, just as the coach came to a stop, we heard hissing as the doors opened, followed by the immediate sound of footsteps running, crunching over the gravel, moving quickly toward our hideout.

We both looked at each other in shock before turning with anticipation towards the door.

The handle rattled hurriedly before it burst open, and in ran a very flustered young lady.

She was wearing a netball uniform that I didn't recognise, but I could just make out on her lapel the embroidered crest of a university.

It was then I remembered that our school had just started hosting county netball games on Wednesday evenings.

She was obviously here for an away game, but clearly had something far more pressing on her mind.

In a clear state of panic she looked at the cubicle full of boxes, quickly glanced at the urinal, and then in horror at us.

"Oh my god, where are the toilets?"

She quickly whipped one leg over the other and clenched her fists by her sides.

"I need the toilet, it's an emergency, I simply can't hold it anymore. Where are they?"

Cara raised her hand to point, and with a slight smile said, "the nearest ones are across the car park in the geography building."

This was clearly not what the girl wanted to hear.

She stared at us both with a pleading look of pure desperation and said, "oh my god, there's no way I'll make it. I'm so desperate for a wee. There wasn't a toilet on the coach and the fucking driver refused to stop. What am I going to do? I'm about to fucking piss myself."

She bent forward almost as if she was bowing, and then forcibly squeezed her crotch through her pleated skirt whilst jiggling her legs in a frantic dance.

Her cheeks were flushed red and my heart was racing.

This was like something straight out of one of my fantasies.

A distraught desperate young woman on the absolute brink of weeing herself.

Seconds away from involuntarily voiding her bladder and her pants.

She was way past the point of being discreet.

All that mattered was finding a toilet and getting the relief she so desperately desired.

I could see she now had two fingers pushed tightly between her legs.

Not even caring that Cara and I were staring at her in complete shock.

Knowing exactly what she was doing and why.

I suspected her knickers weren't completely dry.

I wondered how long she'd been holding it in for.

How long was the coach journey and when had she last peed?

I wondered why she hadn't gone to the toilet before they left.

Maybe she was running late and assumed she could simply use the facilities on the coach.

I could just imagine the look of horror on her face when she boarded and realised that those facilities didn't exist.

She probably contemplated asking if she could just quickly get off and run to the bathroom before they set off.

But as the driver started the engine, she likely decided that she didn't want to make a fuss and after all she was a big girl who shouldn't really have a problem holding on.

So instead she took a seat and tried to think about something else.

Anything but her need to pee.

I bet she knew she'd made a mistake the second the coach set off.

I imagined her sat there with her legs firmly crossed, playing nervously with the hem of her dress.

Periodically uncrossing her legs and then placing her hands in her lap before leaning forward with a look of anguish on her face.

I imagined her standing slightly, hovering just above the seat and then running her hands under her bottom before placing it gingerly back down onto the cushion and re-crossing her legs.

It must have been so tempting to hold herself.

Give herself a little squeeze.

But obviously she couldn't do that because what if someone saw.

So instead I imagined she maybe pushed her hand through her skirt between her crossed thighs.

At least that would cause the fabric to apply a little pressure to where she really needed it.

I could just picture her tapping her foot nervously.

Eyes fixed on the passing scenery as the coach headed for the motorway.

I bet she was anxiously on the lookout for any solution to her pressing dilemma.

Maybe there would be a service station with suitable facilities.

Or maybe a pub with a sympathetic landlady who on seeing the poor girl was having a toilet emergency would allow her to use the loo before she simply went all over the carpet.

I wondered how long into the journey it was before she admitted her need.

Maybe she raised her hand and subtly asked if they had any planned comfort stops.

I imagined the look of worry spread across her face on hearing the response.

I then envisioned her waiting a little longer before maybe discreetly admitting her need to whoever was in charge.

Probably the team captain or coach.

Maybe whispering, "is there any chance we could stop at the next service station?"

I could just picture the team captain dismissing this outright, waving her hand and saying, "we are on a very tight schedule and won't be stopping until we arrive at the school."

The image of the girl's downcast pleading look appeared in my mind.

Her cheeks reddening slightly as she whispered more urgently.

"Oh please could we make a very quick stop? I could do with visiting the toilet."

I could picture the team captain pausing slightly with her hands on her hips, taking in the sight of this blushing young lady who was now very obviously wriggling in her seat, before remarking in an offhand manner, "Depending on the traffic we should be there in about an hour and a half. I'm sure you can wait. Just cross your legs and try to think about something else."

I could just picture the look on the poor girl's face as she watched the team captain return to her seat.

I bet she struggled on for maybe another half an hour, discreetly shifting around in her seat trying not to catch the attention of the other girls.

There must have been a point when she realised that this was starting to become an emergency.

She must have seriously started to consider what she was going to do.

I mean what options did she have?

I wonder if it crossed her mind to let a little bit out onto the seat.

You know, just to take the pressure off.

No one would know.

She could probably move her skirt out of the way and just let a little go through her knickers.

Or maybe, if she was very subtle she could retrieve a towel from her bag without anyone seeing, and maybe somehow sit on it.

And then whilst peering sheepishly out of the window with a look of great concentration on her face, she could finally pee her pants a little.

Just a little bit though.

Just a few controlled spurts into the towel.

Oh, god, imagine how good the relief would feel.

Even if she was only able to let a little bit out, it would feel good.

The warm, wet, soft fabric of the towel pressing against her bum might even somehow feel slightly comforting.

But what was she thinking?

What an absolutely preposterous thing to even contemplate!

Of course, someone would see. They'd probably even smell it!

And what would they think of her?

What sort of young woman deliberately goes to the toilet in their pants?

She's not a child. She's an adult.

And adults can always maintain control of their bladder until they make it to a proper lavatory. Can't they?

So instead, she likely raised her hand to once again get the attention of the team captain.

Determined, she would now insist that they simply must stop.

I bet she addressed her more firmly this time, "I would really appreciate it if it were possible for me to visit a toilet. It's getting to be rather urgent. Do you think we could pull over somewhere?"

I imagine the team captain's look of annoyance.

"Can you really not wait? We're only about an hour away and a girl your age should be able to hold it for an hour. We're already running late as it is without us having to make an unscheduled stop so you can use the potty."

I imagined her blushing as her teammates giggled.

Now all fully aware that she needed the loo so badly that she had been forced to ask the captain if she could go to the toilet like a little girl might in school.

And she had been firmly denied.

I wondered if they were supportive of her predicament or whether they teased her.

Talking about waterfalls or making hissing noises.

Asking her how badly she needed to go and whether she was going to wet herself.

Inquiring with a tone of mock innocence.

"Are you going to pee in your pants?"

Surely some of her teammates would be supportive though.

Encouraging her to cross her legs and maybe trying to distract her.

Talking about something else.

Anything to take her mind off it.

Try and help her not think about the toilet.

The lavatory. The loo.

Or even anything related to it.

I could picture one of the kinder souls on her team making a point of moving to sit next to her.

And whilst gently placing a hand on her knee quietly reassuring her that it won't be long now and that they'll be arriving at the school very soon.

And then they'll of course absolutely prioritise getting her to a toilet.

But I can't help but think that some of the meaner girls would continue to tease.

Maybe the girl in the seat in front would turn and press her face between the seats.

"Yes, when we get there you'll be able to use the toilet. You'll be able to park your bottom on the seat and have a really long wee. Oh my god, imagine how relieved you are going to feel. Imagine that moment when you'll finally be able to let it all out into the toilet bowl. It'll be just like a tap turning on. But obviously try not to let that tap turn on before we get there. We wouldn't want you to have a little accident in your pants now, would we? I mean even a few little leaks or drips would be pretty mortifying, wouldn't it?"

I pictured the mean girl laughing at the effect her words were having. Watching the desperate girl writhe in her seat.

Legs clamped shut.

Trying to get the image of being sat on the toilet out of her mind.

Trying to do anything she could to stay dry.

But of course the mean girl's laughter would attract the attention of others.

Standing up from their seats and peering round in an attempt to catch a glimpse of the poor girl's unfortunate situation.

Maybe asking with a grin if she'd like to relieve herself in their water bottle.

Or loudly suggesting such that everyone could hear, "That next time she should wear a nappy."

I imagined her being all pouty and annoyed, telling them to shut up before raising her hand and requesting once again if they could please stop somewhere.

She must have considered asking if they could just pull over to the side of the road so she could squat behind the coach.

I doubt she cared at this point about how embarrassing that would be.

Having an emergency wee in front of all the passing traffic had got to be less embarrassing than wetting her pants in front of her entire team.

She must have been in an absolute state, bouncing up and down in her seat, crossing and then uncrossing her legs, doing anything she could to not simply go to the toilet in her pants.

Rapidly scissoring her legs back and forth, banging her knees together.

Occasionally stopping with her legs apart, leaning forward and pushing herself down against the seat.

I wondered if she went as far as to admit to what everyone was thinking.

"Please, can we pull over? I don't think I can hold on much longer and I don't want to wet myself."

She might have even given her crotch a very quick squeeze to emphasise her need.

Her face blushing bright red with embarrassment at being forced to do something so infantile and intimate in front of all of her peers.

I imagined she would remove her hand quickly though, and instead place it curled upon her lap.

But having savoured that small respite of relief her fingers had given her, I doubt she'd be able to resist the temptation for long.

Slowly her hand would uncurl and three extended fingers would creep more deliberately this time, pressing through the fabric of her skirt and up tight against her crotch, against her aching pee-hole.

The kind girl next to her would sympathetically reassure her that it was okay.

"Just do what you need to do to hold on. I'm sure it won't be long now."

I imagine the atmosphere on the coach probably changed at this point.

A very awkward, hushed silence as everyone realised that she was having a really urgent emergency.

The tension punctuated only by the occasional hushed whisper and muffled giggle.

And of course, everyone was now picturing what would happen if the inevitable actually occurred.

Would she sit head in hands begging them not to look as her pee poured out from between her legs, hissing into the seat before splattering onto the floor?

Or would she make a frantic dash to the front of the coach begging the driver to pull over as urine cascaded forcibly down the inside of her legs?

Or maybe she'd run to the back of the coach, squat down low and simply go to the potty in her pants away from the staring eyes of her peers..

I think at this point the team captain, on realising that there was a very real chance that this young lady was actually going to lose all control and flood her knickers, might have frustratedly approached the driver about the possibility of stopping.

Or maybe she herself got out of her seat and pleaded desperately with the driver to pull over somewhere.

Whatever happened, they obviously didn't stop, not at least until they arrived at the school, and she must have lost all decorum by the end.

An absolute whimpering frantic mess, clutching herself as she raced off the coach and looked frantically around the car park for anything that looked remotely like a toilet.

Maybe she even considered simply tearing down her knickers and letting loose right there in front of everybody.

A monstrous fire hose of piss, splattering in a foaming puddle on the gravel tarmac of the car park.

She must have been so relieved when she saw nestled in the corner of the car park a building that looked like it would contain exactly the sort of facilities she so frantically craved.

I guess in a way it did, sort of.

They just weren't very convenient.

Can you imagine how devastated she must have been when on bursting through the door she discovered that the toilet cubicle she had been trying not to think about for the last hour was sadistically completely blocked by boxes.

And instead there was just a single urinal and two strangers to bear witness to her mortifying dilemma.

It was Cara who suggested what must obviously have already crossed the girl's mind.

"I guess you could always use the urinal if it's a real emergency," she said, pointing with a slight grin appearing on her face.

By now the girl was bobbing up and down ferociously, unable to remove her hands from between her legs for even one second.

I could see her knuckles were white from the strain, and her trainers were squeaking constantly on the dusty tiled floor.

Her face was flushed and I could hear her breathing heavily.

She was now biting her lip and staring longingly at the urinal, seriously considering Cara's oh so tempting suggestion.

Outside I could hear her fellow teammates had now all disembarked from the coach.

There was no way she could go back out there in her current state.

What would be more embarrassing?

Pissing herself in front of her entire team or relieving herself in front of us?

Two complete strangers she'll likely never meet again.

"It's fine, just pee before you have an accident." Cara said softly.

"Robyn and I promise not to look, don't we?"

She turned to look at me for agreement.

I remained silent.

"Oh god I can't," whimpered the girl.

"Yes you can," said Cara reassuringly. "We won't tell anyone and just think how relieved you're going to feel."

Suddenly the girl let out a squeal.

I think her bladder had taken Cara's suggestion as the permission it so desperately craved to finally start emptying itself.

The thought of relief had caused her to let out a little excited spurt of wee into her pants.

It must have taken all her self control to clamp herself shut again.

But it was no good. The seal had been broken.

She twisted her legs and grunted as once again she leaked wee into the sodden fabric between her fingers and her crotch.

I could see in the corner of my eye that Cara had brought her hand up to her mouth in a mix of shock and second hand embarrassment.

And then we both saw it.

A thin yellow river of wee ran down the inside of the girl's leg and into the white cotton of her sports sock.

It was happening. She was wetting herself.

Suddenly the girl pushed her hand directly up her skirt and shouted, "oh god please don't look!"

And then bolted towards the urinal bunching her skirt up as she did so.

She stood facing it as close as she could get.

Then while still holding her skirt up in one hand she pushed her hips forward towards the white porcelain attempting to get her pelvis as close as possible to where it needed to be.

With her free hand she quickly reached down, hooked two fingers under the lace edge of her gusset and pulled it firmly to one side.

Her knickers were pink, but even from behind we could clearly see the small dark wet patch between her legs from where she had just moments earlier leaked.

I saw Cara turn on her bench in an attempt to look the other way to save the girl at least some dignity.

But I was transfixed.

I must have looked like something out of a cartoon.

Eyes popping out on stalks, jaw hitting the ground, ears billowing clouds of steam.

I was so fucking turned on.

A pack of wild horses wouldn't have been able to turn my head and avert my eyes.

And anyway it all happened so fast.

She started pissing full force the second her knickers were out of the way.

It was an absolute torrent.

Hours of pent up urine forced its way out of her, splattering violently against the white porcelain.

As she tilted her head back I could see in the mirror that her eyes were closed with a look of pure ecstasy on her face.

She was slightly biting her lip.

It was one of the most erotic things I've ever seen.

I could barely contain how aroused I was.

After a few seconds still weeing full force she came to her senses slightly.

"Oh god I'm so sorry it was an absolute emergency." Her ashamed eyes met mine in the mirror. "Please don't judge me. I honestly had no choice."

I couldn't believe how much pee her bladder must have been holding.

The sheer force of the urine erupting from between her legs was causing it to go everywhere.

She was doing a reasonable job at getting most of it into the urinal, but inevitably in the chaos, a lot was still running down the inside of her legs, dripping onto the tiled floor.

She was now standing slightly on tiptoes trying as much as possible to push her hips forward.

However, despite her best efforts I could see her knickers were still getting soaked.

The wet patch had grown bigger and was creeping its way from between her legs and up the fabric covering her pert tight little bottom.

She was still gushing full force.

There were little rivulets of pee streaming down the insides of her legs, yellowing her socks.

I couldn't take my eyes off her.

She pissed for well over a minute.

Towards the end with her eyes closed she bowed her head down towards the floor.

She looked almost in a state of post orgasmic bliss.

I could see her chest rising up and down as she struggled to regain her breath.

Eventually her stream died down to a dribble.

And then she finally stopped.

She pulled her fingers out from under her knickers, allowing the fabric to spring back to cover her modesty and then let her skirt fall back into place.

She briefly attempted to wipe some of the wee from her legs using her bare hand but realised it was futile.

Instead, she quickly turned to us and with a look of complete shame on her face said, "please don't tell anyone about this."

And just like that, she ran out of the room hastily slamming the door behind her.

I'll be honest it took me a minute to regain my composure.

I was quite simply gobsmacked.

What had just happened was like something out of one of my dreams.

In fact, if it hadn't have been for the obvious mess she'd made all over the floor and the wet footprints leading towards the door, I would have questioned if it had really happened at all.

But of course it was real, and now burned forever into my memory.

As I sat in stunned silence my body tingled with arousal.

I felt lost in a euphoric daydream.

I craved a different sort of relief.

As I slowly re-acclimatised to my surroundings I became aware that in the corner of my eye I could see Cara staring intently at my face.

She was still sitting with her legs crossed, both hands placed on her knee.

Her head was tilted to one side and she wore a huge, bemused smile.

I have no idea how long she'd been staring at me for.

She had the expression of someone who had just stumbled upon something very interesting.

I could feel my face getting hot and my heart rate quickened.

I swallowed hard and trying to sound as casual as I could whilst avoiding Cara's gaze remarked, "Well, that was a surprise."

Initially Cara said nothing, and instead she shifted her weight slightly and continued to fixate upon my face.

After what felt like an eternity she replied, "yes, it was Robyn, a really big surprise."

I glanced down towards my feet and whilst swinging my legs slightly I mumbled, "She must have been very embarrassed."

Cara didn't say anything for what felt like an age.

Like a chess grandmaster mentally visualising all the possible ways a game might play out.

A very deliberate pause as if she was weighing her next words carefully.

In the heavy silence of the room the pounding of my heart seemed deafening.

I wondered if she could hear it too.

Suddenly as if breaking out of a trance her face relaxed and her gaze shifted deliberately to the rucksack which lay at her feet.

She uncrossed her legs, reached down and pulled out her water bottle.

I could see through the clear plastic that it was full.

As she started to unscrew the lid, her eyes met mine.

"Did you know Robyn there are actually people who get off on stuff like that?" She stated matter of factly. "I saw it when I visited the Sex Museum in Amsterdam last summer with my auntie."

The moment she finished her sentence she lifted the bottle to her lips and tilted her head back.

My eyes widened as she began to chug from the bottle with such intensity that some of the water started to trickle down her chin.

It was clear that she intended to empty it.

Her gulping was audible.

She looked like a model from a drinks commercial.

I noticed that her free hand was resting gently on her lap.

When she finally finished she wiped her mouth with the sleeve of her shirt, burped loudly and then said, "you know there's really nothing wrong with it Robyn. It's called a kink or a fetish."

My face must have been beet red as I looked up and mumbled unconvincingly, "Okay, I've not heard of that before."

Cara grinned from ear to ear and looked at me like a cat might a mouse.

It felt almost like she was staring into my soul, almost like I was naked.

My whole body felt flushed with a cocktail of competing emotions.

I wriggled embarrassed in my seat.

Never in my life have I wanted so badly for someone to change the topic of conversation.

And yet at the same time every fiber of my being wanted her to carry on.

Cara scrunched her face up with a look of mock confusion and continued, "I wonder what it is they like about it. Maybe they enjoy seeing someone so very clearly embarrassed."

She paused with her eyes resting on me, letting the silence linger before she carried on.

"Maybe it's something to do with vulnerability and control. Seeing someone being denied permission to use the toilet even though they are practically on the brink of wetting themselves."

Cara paused as if weighing the idea for the first time.

I noticed now that she was silently jiggling her left foot.

And then abruptly her eyes lit up, "Oh God, do you remember when Mrs. Constantine refused to give Alice permission to go to the toilet? And how quickly she ran out of the room when the bell finally rang."

She looked at me expectantly and her voice softened, "Do you remember that Robyn?"

"Do you remember how desperate she was?"

"Do you remember how much she was squirming?"

"Do you remember how she begged?"

I didn't know what to say.

I mean she was clearly messing with me.

At least I was 99.9% sure she was messing with me.

And to be honest, I just wanted her to carry on.

Before I could formulate a response Cara leaned forward and placed her hand upon my knee. She now spoke with a newfound intensity.

"We've all been there haven't we Robyn? Absolutely busting for a wee. Desperate to get to a loo."

She leaned in closer.

Her eyes wide as if about to share a secret.

"I once witnessed my dad's secretary completely wet herself in a lift. Like she totally pissed herself. She was mortified. So embarrassed. The lift had some kind of mechanical fault. It had broken down and we were trapped for over two hours. It was just the two of us. After an hour she couldn't stand still. And by the end she was doing a full-on potty dance. You should have seen her struggle Robyn. And you should have seen the size of her puddle. She made me promise not to tell anyone. She was so mortified Robyn it was actually kind of cute. To this day she still can't look me in the eye."

With a slow spreading smile Cara's eyes drifted towards the floor, as if quietly amused by her own mischief.

She then screwed the lid back onto her water bottle and placed it in her rucksack.

Without another word she stood up and took a step forward before turning to face me.

She was wearing her usual Doc Marten boots and tight denim jeans, a red and black check shirt with her sleeves rolled up.

She placed one foot over the other so her ankles were crossed, put her hands on her hips and bent forward slightly at the waist.

She then glanced down casually to the floor around the urinal.

"God she really made a mess, didn't she?" Cara asked rhetorically before turning to me with a look of concern. "Are you okay Robyn? You've gone awfully quiet."

I could feel my cheeks burning as I floundered for a response.

Trying to sound as nonchalant as I could I simply muttered. "I think I'm just a bit shocked still by what happened."

A wild grin once again returned to Cara's face.

"Oh of course you poor thing you're in shock. I did think you looked a bit hot and bothered. Maybe we should go and get some fresh air. It's almost time for the bell anyway and the smell of that girl's pee can't be helping you."

Still seated I reached down and picked up my coat from the floor placing it on my lap.

To be honest I was keen to get home.

But as I went to stand Cara stopped me.

"Hang on Robyn there is something I need to take care of first. It's actually a little bit embarrassing but I've not had chance to visit the little girl's room since first period. Look.." she glanced coyly at the floor

And then whilst turning 90 degrees to show me her profile she gently lifted her shirt.

Once again my mouth fell open.

I could see her bladder visibly bulging straining against the waistband of her jeans.

Her usually flat midriff was bloated almost swollen.

She gently placed her hand against her prominent bulge like a pregnant lady protecting her child before turning back to face me.

"I'm really desperate Robyn. Like totally busting for a wee."

She paused and brought a finger to her lips and whilst slightly buckling her knees continued.

"What if I wet myself on the way home? What if I wee my knickers?"

I watched in amazement as her hands moved slowly towards her belt.

"We wouldn't want that to happen would we Robyn? Poor little Cara wetting her pants for everyone to see. Desperately humiliating herself."

She fixed me with an impassive gaze and slowly began to unfasten the buckle of her belt.

My eyes almost popped out of my head.

"Oh my god Cara what are you doing?"

Cara sighed as if I'd just asked the stupidest question, "I really need to pee Robyn and I'm going to do it right here."

Her eyes never left mine as her lips curled into a sly, coy smile.

Catching her bottom lip between her teeth she pulled apart her belt before undoing the top button of her jeans.

Almost immediately the mass of her distended bladder pushed forward, forcing the zip of her fly to open.

My body trembled in anticipation.

With both hands she slowly pushed down the waistband of her jeans, wriggling her hips slightly to ease them down her thighs.

My eyes were immediately drawn to her crotch.

As she slowly pulled down her white cotton underwear she playfully stuck her tongue out at me.

She was completely shaven.

By now I had lost all pretence and was quite unashamedly just gawking.

As I stared I felt my breath quicken.

I honestly can't get across to you just how horny I was at that point.

I mean I was completely off the charts. It was insane.

But I think with everything that had just happened that was understandable right?

My whole body was tingling and I knew it wouldn't take much for me to, well you know, climax..

My coat was now draped across my lap and both my hands placed on top of it.

Now, I'm not trying to make excuses for what happened next, but you need to understand the mitigating circumstances before you judge me.

It's certainly not something I make a habit of.

But everything that had happened that afternoon had short-circuited my poor overloaded tiny mind.

I honestly couldn't help it.

You have to believe me when I say that it felt like every inch of me was screaming for attention.

The temptation was just too much.

So that's why I may have sort of, um, you know, let one of my hands slip beneath the coat.

If Cara noticed her face didn't show it, instead she stepped back and stood facing me in front of the urinal.

And while still baring everything she cocked her head coquettishly.

As she bent forward she struck a pose like a 1950s pinup girl, placing her hand to her mouth as if surprised by how naughty she was being.

Whilst arching her back she glanced over her shoulder to make sure her bottom was where it needed to be, hovering just above the urinal.

She then turned back to face me and with the cutest look of concentration on her face gently closed her eyes.

And in that moment, the temptation took control and my fingers slowly edged towards my crotch.

As I did so I leaned forward slightly and slid my free arm across my lap in a clumsy attempt to cover what I was doing.

And then under my coat my fingers finally found where I craved the most, pressed firmly against the denim between my legs.

I felt my clit pulse with the relief of finally getting attention.

And of course it immediately begged for more. I had to stop myself letting out a little moan.

As her stream began Cara slowly opened her eyes and tilted her head to glance down between her legs, shifting her feet slightly to make sure she was hitting the bowl.

Her hissing pee stream was thick and powerful, a forceful stream splattering back against the porcelain.

I watched as she gently tugged her knickers slightly further down her thighs before looking back up at me with a frown.

"Why don't you take a photo Robyn? It will last longer."

Oh my god, I immediately averted my eyes to the floor in shame. What must she think of me?

Sat there like some kind of horny pervert, touching myself.

I felt like such a freak.

My face burned as I started to splutter in apology.

But before I could get the words out of my mouth, I heard Cara giggle, "It's okay Robyn, I don't mind you watching."

I bit my lip and cringed inwardly.

I could feel my ears burning and my face felt flushed red.

It was mortifying and yet the temptation was still too much.

My eyes slowly crept up from the floor and back to stare at Cara.

And of course beneath the coat my fingers began to move once again, more rapidly now, with a clear purpose.

Tracing small, insistent circles against the taut denim of my jeans.

It felt so naughty and yet so good.

A slight amused embarrassed smile had now appeared on Cara's lips.

I think even she was amazed at just how full her bladder must have been.

Her pee was still flowing full force and showed no signs of slowing.

She now had one hand placed gently on her abdomen and was using the other to steady herself against the wall behind her.

"I'm sorry you had to witness this Robyn, but I simply couldn't wait any longer. It was either this or my pants. And I'm sure you wouldn't want to see me wet my pants, would you?"

The image of Cara having a full-on accident in her jeans. A dark, warm stain blooming across her crotch before pouring down the insides of her legs, sent a fresh wave of heat surging through my very core.

I once again shifted my arm awkwardly across my lap.

My fingers were moving frantically now rubbing with a relentless intensity.

Each stroke was unleashing waves of searing pleasure that was making my whole body clench and quiver.

I prayed it wasn't obvious, that it wasn't obvious what I was doing.

But I guess in hindsight, I guess it probably was.

Cara cocked her head and asked again, "You wouldn't want to see me go to the toilet in my pants, would you, Robyn?"

I shook my head like a little kid being told off by a stern teacher.

My face was burning.

I was edging dangerously close now and still, I couldn't stop.

Cara fixed me with a look and continued.

"I'm sure you wouldn't want to see me doing an urgent, desperate potty dance. I mean, why would anyone want to see that?"

I must have looked so sheepish as my fingers quickened in their intensity.

My heart was pounding. My breathing had grown shallow.

I knew this was wrong and I knew I had to stop.

I just couldn't, not yet.

Cara now looked at me with a new glint of intrigue in her eyes.

She then glanced down at the forceful stream of pee, still emanating out from between her legs, before returning her gaze to my flustered, frustrated face.

"Why would anybody, Robyn, want to see a young lady lose control and urinate in her knickers?"

I brought my free hand to my mouth as if to cough but instead gently bit my knuckle. Cara grinned and carried on relentlessly.

"Can you imagine Robyn the state that poor girl must have been in on the coach? She must have been pleading with the driver to pull over somewhere so she could squat and have a wee. She must have been absolutely beside herself, doing simply anything to avoid disgracing herself in front of the whole coach."

"Can you imagine Robyn if she'd actually wet herself?"

"If she'd actually weed herself like a little girl?"

"Can you picture that Robyn? Can you picture her piddling herself?"

Cara paused with her eyebrows raised knowingly as if expecting a response, and yet all I could manage was a pathetic little muffled grunt as my body tensed slightly and the first unmistakable climb towards climax began.

As if sensing what was happening, Cara continued, "Can you imagine her actually wetting herself, Robyn? It would be so embarrassing. I guess it would just be a little spurt at first, wouldn't it? Just a little trickle of wee."

As Cara said this, I could feel my body starting to tremble. My eyes instinctively locked onto the pee still blasting from between her legs.

Cara pretended not to notice.

"Oh God, Robyn. Can you imagine if that trickle had turned into a gushing river?"

"If she'd had a full on accident, I mean, as in completely just wet herself."

"I bet she'd cry out something like, oh God!"

"And of course everyone would know she was starting to leak, wouldn't they? That she was weeing."

I let out a little involuntary gasp and a smile flickered at the corners of Cara's lips.

She knew she only had to push me a little more. And a little more she did.

"Can you imagine it, Robyn? Her desperate stream bursting from her crotch, seeping through her clenched fingers, drenching her skirt and trickling down her quivering thighs. Imagine all of that pee running into her trainers and pooling around her feet. With everyone just staring awkwardly, it would have been so embarrassing, so humiliating."

I was literally seconds away now and Cara knew it.

She gently closed her eyes and tilted her head back, still savoring her own precious relief.

With her eyes still closed, she spoke one last time, "I mean thank goodness the poor girl made it to this urinal in time, right Robyn? I mean I think her knickers still got pretty wet and we both clearly saw her wet bum. But we'll obviously do our best to forget about that. For her sake, we wouldn't want to dwell on it, would we?"

"We'll just have to put it to the back of our minds.."

And then it happened.

As I came, I clapped my mouth shut and tipped my head down towards my lap.

My whole body jolted as a wave of pleasure surged through me.

I let out a little muffled cry and hunched forward, savoring that moment of sheer euphoric bliss.

My toes curled within my boots.

In that moment, I was no longer in the changing rooms but somewhere else, somewhere perfect.

And then reality came flooding back. Fast.

I sat there frozen.

Coat still draped across my lap, heart pounding in my chest as I tried to catch my breath, reeling in a state of disbelief.

My cheeks were burning, my fingers motionless now.

And yet my mind was spinning.

What the fuck had I just done?

And more importantly, how was I going to explain this to Cara?

How was I going to explain that I just came in my pants like some horny boy?

I shifted slightly, straightening my posture, and then glanced towards Cara, praying somewhat ridiculously that maybe she hadn't noticed what had just happened.

That she couldn't read the shame painted across my face.

Somewhat to my relief, I could see that Cara's eyes were still closed.

Her head tilted back in what looked like utter bliss.

I sat rigid, waiting with my stomach knotted.

It must have been at least another 30 seconds before her stream started to slow, and eventually trickled to a stop.

Then slowly, her eyelids opened and she fixed me with a mischievous grin.

She held my gaze for a second before playfully shaking her backside in an attempt to get rid of the last drips of pee.

Then, without a care in the world, she straightened up, hiked her knickers back into place, tugged her jeans up over her hips, and buckled her belt.

"Right, Robyn," she said, flashing me with that same smirk, "I think we'd better get out of here."

And then, to my utter astonishment, she simply reached down, slipped on her leather jacket, and slung her rucksack over one shoulder.

She then reached forward and took my hand as if helping me up from where I was sat, and without another word she led me out of the changing room.

Outside, the snow had come to a stop, leaving everything touched by a subtle white dust.

Together, without a word, we made our way past the towering coach and out through the school gates.

It was dark now and the street lamps were on.

As we reached the corner where we usually parted ways, Cara turned to me in the lamplight.

"Promise me you won't tell anyone about what just happened Robyn. I'm so terribly embarrassed. I would be just mortified if anyone found out that I had to use that urinal." She looked at me expectantly.

"I promise I won't tell a soul," I mumbled.

Cara grinned. "Thank you, Robyn."

She then leant forward with her mouth so close to my ear I could feel her breath and smell her perfume. She paused deliberately before whispering, "This can be our little secret."

I felt a shiver run through my body.

Cara stepped back with a now-serene look on her face.

In the darkness, the light from the street lamp highlighted the contours of her face.

As she stood motionless, she looked cast in black and white, gazing intensely at me like a female lead from an era long ago.

She blinked slowly and then spoke, "I hope you enjoy your evening, Robyn Carter."

And that was it.

With one final smile, she turned on her heels and walked with purpose down the street.

As I watched her disappear between the light of the street lamps, I saw her reach into her back pocket for her earphones.

In the distance, I could hear the school bell start to ring.

Ten minutes later, as I was boarding my bus, I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket.

It was a text message from Cara.

It simply said, "you look so adorable when you blush."

