Unexpected Chaos

Author: TwistedPencil

*000*2022-09-15 05:01

Cream was running as fast as she possibly could, practically hopping like the rabbit she was. A look of dread was on her face, one eye shut and her teeth gritted tight. About as tight as she squeezed her haunches and pressed her gloved hand over her crotch. There was no denying it, she was DESPERATE to go. If there were a Desperation meter below her health meter in the games she starred in, it'd be at 150% and getting higher by the second. She didn't care where she would stop to pee, as long as it was a pool, lake, or even an ocean at this point. As long as it'd flow upstream and there was enough foliage to hide her, she would be happy.

She turned her head left and right as she hopped, looking for a nice babbling brook to squat over, and like a miracle, she saw one. In one quick motion she changed trajectory and spun herself towards the brook, curled up in a ball in almost as good of a spin dash as her friends could pull off. Uncurling herself in such a graceful and fluid motion, moving from spin-dashing to a squat as gracefully as a ballet dancer, she pushed her pull-ups down and in an instant was peeing hard. It came out so strong and so fast because she has been holding it back for so long. She cared little that it was splashing a bit on her socks, she could just fly back home in a jiffy and put on clean ones. Heaving a huge sigh of relief, her eyes drooped as her bladder emptied.

Once she was sure she was empty, she pulled her pull-ups back on her and began to walk away, barely noticing a water-like creature bubbling out of the brook. It's eyes emerald green, body blue as the sky, it was certain who had been skulking in the brook, CHAOS! Stepping out of the water and turning into a puddle, Chaos moved silently towards Cream, considering her a threat. She had just peed all over his head, so he was steaming mad, the neon yellow urine spotting the liquid on his head.

Once he had slithered his way behind Cream, something sparked in him as he caught a strange smell in the air behind Cream. He mistook it for the smell of lust, not being capable of discerning lust from the stench of urine. To him, any scent that carried the smell of ammonia was undoubtably lust. He changed forms again, bubbling back to his 0 form, having no Chaos Emeralds in him since Tikal had helped him overcome their spell and had helped him shake free from Eggman's influence. He formed a mass near his bottom out of his watery body, as thick and hard as a penis could be when it comes to a liquid-based creature, and grabbed Cream around the chest. Cream gasped and screamed, but Chaos instinctively blocked her screams swiftly with a tendril of water over her mouth.

He tried to push the mass at his waist into her, not understanding most Mobians wore clothes, especially undergarments when it came to Mobian females. His water-penis splashed against Cream's pull-ups, the gel inside them soaking up the water and making her crotch feel mushy. She pulled herself away and ran, her clothes catching on brambles she didn't see before breaking away from Chaos. The brambles tore through her dress and while she was running, she tumbled over a rock and her pull-ups caught on a branch, leaving her suspended by them in nothing but her pull-ups, socks, and shoes. She tried to wriggle free but, in her efforts, she tore her pull-ups and she slowly started to fall as her pull-ups tore little by little. She yelped as she fell chest-first onto some grass, her pull-ups still hanging on the branch, fluttering in the wind.

She leaped up, not realizing her sudden lack of underwear until a few hops later, she felt a cold chill run past her crotch. Shivering and ducking behind a tree, she looked down and almost screamed, stifling it quickly so she wouldn’t get caught. Her exposed crotch itched as clear, sticky liquids bubbled out of her cunny and dripped onto the grass, her young body going haywire being so unsure whether she meant to be naked and to give off hormones or if she hadn’t meant to. Unconsciously, her body drove into a heat. 

Her juices turned boiling hot, steam practically wafting from her exposed bunny-parts. Her breathing turned short and her cheeks flushed. Her legs felt like jelly as she slumped onto the grass, tail first, into a seated position by the tree. She breathed heavy and her eyes drooped, her gaze falling to her crotch. The grass tickled and pricked at her sensitive vagina, making flashes of lightning shoot up her small body right to her head, making her head feel fuzzy and her attention faint.

She lost control and reached down to her cunny, losing all decency and curiously rubbing, flicking, and fondling the different areas of her sex, testing each to see how each part felt. Her labia made her feel fuzzy and dizzy, her urethra made her feel like peeing again, the entrance to her cervix felt like subtle shocks as she prodded it with her gloved finger. When she noticed a hooded bean at the top of her sex, she barely touched it and she gasped a loud moan as sizzling shocks spasmed through her, her abdomen clenching tight and her cervix pulsing open and closed. Her anus puckered as she rode her first ever orgasm, clear, sticky, smelly liquid oozing out of her cervix. She caught some on her thumb and pressed it between her thumb and finger. It was like goo, but strangely elastic. She took a taste of it and it tasted strangely good. Sweet like sugar but with an iron-like tang.

She was enraptured by the desire for something to reach inside her even deeper than her fingers could. Being a rabbit, her lust was near insatiable. Her sex wanted, no, NEEDED something to plow into it, images of her friends’ penises flashing through her clouded mind. Sonic’s, who she had seen by accident when she peeked in Amy’s room and saw him rutting Amy roughly. She glimpsed his mushroom-shaped glans poking out of Amy’s kitty as he bucked his hips and drove his dick deep into Amy, pulling back as quickly and harshly as he had drilled it in.

Knuckles’ penis bubbled up in her mind next, seeing her Echidna acquaintance plow Rouge with no shame in one of the hallways of Knothole, not caring in the slightest of being caught, exhibiting his affection for Rouge for all to see. Cream included, hiding behind a column as she saw him engaged in sexual reckless abandon. Her memories flowed to her best friend, Tails, concocting a dreamy imagination of how having rough, raw sex would feel with her secret crush, drilling both of his dicks in Cream’s kitty and tailhole, propelling himself with his two tails.

Unbeknownst to her, however, she hadn’t gotten that far away from Chaos as she thought. He slithered across the grass, a hidden from sight puddle, driven with the urge to mate. Creeping just as silently as before, he made his way over to the tree trunk Cream was drowsily sitting behind, slinking his way back to a standing position and slithering a tendril of water around the tree, across the grass, and forming it into a sexual device, drilled it into Cream’s exposed pussy. She gasped and screamed as she felt an unusual thing suddenly poke through her cervix, popping her hymen and pushing its way to the entrance of her uterus. It felt cold and gooey, like a watery snake had crawled into her kitty.

Blood dripping down Chaos’ watery tendril from Cream’s cherry being popped, he drove it in and out of Cream’s pussy, each thrust kissing her uterus. His tendril expanded and twitched with each thrust, Cream getting stuffed more and more with his gooey cock each time. It wasn’t long until Chaos climaxed inside Cream, splurging white hot cum into her, her tummy bulging a little as her uterus filled with his cum. He was far from done with his revenge though, creating a second tentacle and driving it deep in Cream’s tailhole. He formed a third tentacle and shoved it in Cream’s mouth, spit-roasting her all by himself. Watery tendrils drilled her pussy, anus, and mouth all at once.

She could barely breathe, thanking Mobius that she was blessed with a nose to breathe through, as she choked and moaned being thoroughly violated by Chaos. He climaxed suddenly, filling Cream’s pussy, anus, and throat in unison. So much cum flooded her that some blew out her nose, choking and coughing Chaos’ thick cum all over the grass. His cum oozed out of practically every orifice of Cream, oozing out of her kitty and ass and dribbling out of her mouth and nose. She fell back onto the grass, hazy as she slipped into unconsciousness, her little body hardly able to handle how viciously Chaos had just violated it. Chaos returned to where he was resting before, and Mobius itself stood still.

