Wet Bondage in a Wetsuit

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2023-03-22 00:14

I haven't written for more than one person at a time in a while so the writing is probably bad and scenario probably stretchy but hopefully you can enjoy it for the omo content, and other things that come with it. (My original version, with a character most of you don't even know, contained messing, but this one won't)

Wet Bondage in a Wetsuit

Tina was looking forward to three days of fun with Jenny. Both girls were 19 and very pretty. Tina had long blonde hair and Jenny had brown hair usually in a ponytail.

They sat on the couch of Tina's house. Tina was wearing a black T-shirt and short, tight, pink shorts, and Jenny was wearing a white T-shirt and tight jeans. Both knew that the other liked the way her butt looked in them, and they were at the point where, when no one else was around, they would playfully slap each other's butts, sometimes give each other wedgies.

Today, Tina decided to play out one of her long-time fantasies. "You know, I've always wanted to be tied up for three days in a wetsuit."

"Ooh, that sounds like fun," said Jenny.

Tina got out a black and pink wetsuit that she had been saving for this day, put it on over her T-shirt and shorts, and put an old spare mattress in the middle of a room. She then sat down on the mattress, and Jenny tied her hands behind her back and tied her feet together. Tina struggled against the ropes but they would not budge, and smiled, enjoying this.

It was a hot summer day, so Jenny gave Tina several big glasses of water, sometimes her favorite soda. As it was dinner time, Jenny gave Tina a fruit smoothie with protein in it.

As it was starting to get dark, Tina had to go to the bathroom. She hadn't thought about this. She was about to tell Jenny to untie her so she could go, when she stopped. She was already having some kinky fun, she wanted to be tied up for three days straight, and she figured that holding her pee while tied up would make it more fun. She couldn't hold herself or cross her legs, and she really liked it that way.

She held it for several hours as Jenny put on a sports channel for them to watch. As the hours went by, Tina's need to pee increased. She fidgeted where she sat, but stopped when Jenny looked in her direction, as she feared that if Jenny saw how much she needed to go, she'd untie her.

"I'm going to bed," said Jenny. "Do you need anything?"

"A glass of water would be nice," said Tina.

Jenny poured a glass of water and held it in front of Tina, who drank it. "Anything else?"

"Maybe if you put me in a position that would make sleeping easier."

Jenny smiled and moved Tina into a position with her head down and her behind in the air. Jenny patted Tina's rear end and said "Good night, Tina."

"Good night, Jenny," said Tina with a big smile. As soon as Jenny was out of sight, Tina fidgeted some more.

Pretty soon, all the lights in the house were out and Tina was fidgeting harder than ever. She really needed to go, but she was powerless to do anything about it. Well... she could wake up Jenny and have her untie her so she could use the bathroom, but it was more fun holding it. She wondered whether she could hold it all night, or fall to sleep in her desperate condition, or if she did, whether she'd pee in her sleep? The idea that she might not make it occurred to her. If she really wanted, she could wake Jenny up. But she thought it would be more fun to stay like this overnight and hold it as long as she could. If anything, the possibility of having an accident only made it more exciting...

...

Jenny woke up in the morning. She yawned, stretched her arms, and got out of bed. She walked into the bathroom and took her morning pee. It suddenly occurred to her that Tina had spent hours tied up in her wetsuit on the mattress while drinking a lot and had not once used the bathroom. She finished as fast as she could and ran over to Tina.

Tina was asleep with a relaxed expression on her face, in the same position that Jenny had left her in. Jenny patted her butt lightly, and Tina woke up. "Good morning, Jenny," she said with a smile.

"Good morning, Tina," said Jenny. "Did you sleep well?"

"Mm-hmm."

"Do you want me to untie you so you can go to the bathroom? You must really have to go after all you drank."

"Actually, I already went." Tina blushed lightly and giggled.

"Oh." Jenny felt very excited hearing these words. Tina had peed her wetsuit, and her tight pink shorts underneath. She just hoped she wasn't too uncomfortable. "How long have you been wet?"

"I had to go right when it was getting dark, and I held it as long as I could. I think it must have been about an hour after all the lights were out, that I couldn't hold it anymore. It was probably another hour before I went to sleep."

"That must have been very unpleasant."

"Actually, I really enjoyed it. Both holding my pee, which is why I didn't tell you I had to go, and peeing myself."

Jenny smiled. "Good to hear you're still having fun," she said, patting Tina's butt again.

"I think I need a spanking for being such a naughty girl and going potty in my pants," said Tina.

Jenny slapped Tina's butt. As Jenny continued to spank Tina, Tina had a look of absolute pleasure on her face. Here she was, tied up, in a wetsuit that she had peed in, with Jenny slapping her tush over and over.

After at least 50 swats, Jenny stopped.

"Aw, why did you stop?" asked Tina.

"Your rear end must really hurt," said Jenny. "I think it needs a massage now." Jenny started rubbing Tina's butt with both hands, which Tina also enjoyed. As Tina sighed of pleasure, she emptied her bladder the rest of the way. She felt dirty knowing she was deliberately peeing herself, and liked it.

Jenny giggled and patted Tina's butt before rubbing it some more. Once the butt massage was done, Jenny got Tina back into a sitting position.

The hours went by and Jenny gave Tina lots of water, soda, ice tea, and smoothies to drink. Tina drank them as fast as she could because, not only was it another hot day, but she wanted to experience holding to bursting point again.

It wasn't long before Tina felt her drinks hit her. "I have to go to the bathroom," she said, fidgeting where she sat.

"You'll just have to hold it," said Jenny with a smile.

Tina smiled and continued fidgeting. Hours went by, and Jenny gave her more drinks. Soon she had to pee really badly. "I REALLY have to go!" she said, squirming hard where she sat.

Jenny was enjoying the show. "Too bad. Hold it or go in your wetsuit."

Tina was also enjoying this. As fun as last night had been, it was even more fun to express her desperation in front of Jenny, and to have Jenny tell her to hold it. This was better than she had imagined. She continued to squirm, feeling waves of pee sloshing around inside her. She leaked a few times and whimpered, but of course she really enjoyed them.

Eventually, Tina couldn't hold it anymore. She stopped fidgeting and sighed of relief as she peed her wetsuit. She felt the warm wetness spread through her butt, as this time she was in sitting position. Last time it had mostly soaked her crotch and legs, and flowed out the legs of her wetsuit onto the mattress, which had dried overnight. This time, in her current position, her wetsuit contained the pee, and she felt her shorts and the inside of her wetsuit get flooded. She sighed in immense pleasure. The feeling of relief, the warm wetness, the naughty feeling of peeing herself in front of the girl she liked... It was absolute bliss.

Jenny could hear a loud hissing noise emanating from Tina as she wet herself. She, too, really enjoyed this, combined with her sighs of relief and pleasure.

Tina peed for over two minutes before she finally stopped. Though she was slightly disappointed that it was over, she sighed of pleasure, relief, and satisfaction, at what she had just done and the state she was in now. She was very wet, and she loved it.

"Wow, you really needed to go," said Jenny. Tina giggled.

She sat in her own pee for several more hours, and once again Jenny served her lots of drinks.

Pretty soon she needed to pee again, and once again she held it, squirming where she sat. Eventually she was fidgeting hard again and said "I REALLY have to go!"

"Let me help you with that." Jenny started tickling Tina's armpits.

Tina started to laugh uncontrollably. She hadn't expected this, but being tickled while tied up and desperate to pee was a whole new level of fun for her. Jenny tickled harder and Tina laughed harder, and before she knew it, she blasted a power pee in her wetsuit. Jenny could hear the hissing noise and kept tickling her, while Tina laughed harder, and her stream grew stronger.

Jenny tickled Tina for about a minute after she finished peeing, and then stopped. "Was that fun?" she asked.

Tina caught her breath. "It was so much fun," she said. "And now I don't have to pee anymore."

...

On the morning of the third day, Tina awoke to the feeling of Jenny sitting on her tushie. She giggled. "Good morning Jenny."

"Good morning, Tina." Jenny sniffed. "Phew. You really stink."

Tina giggled. Of course, being tied up for three days straight, sweating a lot, peeing herself a lot, and not changing out of her wetsuit or outfit underneath would do that to her. It made her feel even dirtier. In a fun way.

Then Tina felt her rear end get warmer. For a second, she wondered why, she wasn't peeing nor in sitting position. Then she realized that Jenny was peeing her jeans while sitting on her. Jenny sighed of relief, and Tina was so excited she took her own morning pee right where she was.

"I can understand why you like this so much," said Jenny when she finished peeing. "But now I think it's about time you took a bath."

"Aw, it's over already?" Tina asked.

Jenny stood up and untied Tina. "Yes it is, but we can always do this again sometime." She walked into the bathroom and filled the tub with warm, soapy water. Tina removed her wetsuit but left her T-shirt and shorts on as she climbed into the tub and sat down. Jenny washed Tina all over, scrubbing her with soap. Tina enjoyed getting a bath this way. Then Jenny had Tina get on all fours, poured a large dollop of soap onto her butt, and began rubbing with both hands, coating her stinky shorts in suds. Tina took great pleasure in this, and Jenny washed her for longer than she needed to before she rinsed Tina off.

"That was so much fun," said Tina.

"It sure was," said Jenny.

"Your pants need a wash too," said Tina.

Jenny smiled and climbed into the tub in her wet jeans.

