Parakeet Pointe

Author: TrailRunner

*000*2015-12-10 18:09

Hey guys, this is my first story here. It's based off the experiences of myself and others I've talked to, so there may be some themes and actions that I don't agree with. This story is by no means an endorsement of those themes and actions. I hope you enjoy, and all feedback is appreciated.

Part I

This ride into Parakeet Pointe did not inspire the same awe as last time.

Kelsey Hillner remembered it perfectly. Three years ago, her favorite summer vacation had started at night, when their car crossed over the bridge brought the town into full view. Her dad didn't seem to quite know where he was going, but it turned out to be valuable reconnaissance for Kelsey and her sister. They passed by the glowing boardwalk, stared up at the giant water slides and roller coasters, and in a moment of particular confusion by her parents, nearly drove right onto the beach. She fell in love with the town right then and there, coming up with a mental checklist of everything she wanted to see and do. When they left a week later it had been such a fun time that she couldn't even be disappointed they didn't get to half of it.

But now it was the middle of a Wednesday afternoon. No bright lights. No boats in the bay. There was something sad, she thought, about seeing a beach paradise in the winter. Some of the sadness she felt was her own, though, a tinge of bitterness that their family hadn't returned, instead spending this past summer at some ancient Civil War battlefield in the middle of nowhere, Pennsyltucky. Yuck. Now they were heading back to Parakeet Pointe only because her aunt and uncle and cousins had just moved there. Kelsey felt more than a little jealous, but passing by some deserted-for-the-season beach shops helped. It wasn't always a party here.

This time her dad got the exit ramp right, and they turned onto the bridge over the bay.

"Didn't miss the Pointe this time!" he said, then turned to his wife in the passenger for some acknowledgement of the daddest of jokes. It had been over eleven years since Kelsey was born, so that was over eleven years worth of experience with the toughest of comedy crowds: his family.

Shannon reacted the way she usually did to her her husband's humor, with a polite chuckle. The important thing, she knew, was to recognize that the joke was made, move on, and not let him get on a roll. That's his bread-and-butter. Rye so serious? These bread jokes never get mold! The jokes popped in her head anyway, and a smile broke out. She definitely kneaded to move on.

"Do you guys remember that?" her mom asked, pointing out the right side of the car. "It looks like they got a bunch of new rides."

Kelsey looked past her sister Morgan, whose eyes were still glued down at the iPad on her lap, and out the window at the amusement park. Three years ago she hadn't been tall enough to go on all the things she wanted, but she hoped her recent growth spurt would be her ticket in. Now she was bigger even than a lot of boys in her grade, and she was pretty sure she remembered hearing them brag about how many times they rode the Steel Panther coaster back home.

"Do you think it's open?" she asked. She had been looking intently for signs of life but hadn't seen any cars go by on the tracks. Even though it wasn't sunny and 90 degrees, it's not like there was snow on the ground. They couldn't close it down the whole winter, could they?

"I'm not sure, we can drive by and check though," her mom replied, then turned to her dad. "Here, turn right here, the entrance is right down this road. Your brother isn't expecting us just yet anyway."

In the back seat, Morgan sighed.

"There's still plenty of stuff for you even if you can't go on all the rides," Kelsey assured her sister. "I was only eight years old like you when we were here and it was still fun."

"Yeah, I guess," Morgan said.

Kelsey looked over. Her sister was still staring down at the screen, holding the tablet on her lap, but she wasn't even playing her game any more. Their mom turned around from the front seat.

"Everything okay back there? Morgan?"

"Yeah. I just thought we were getting there soon so I could use the bathroom."

"Well, sorry, Morgan, but I've told you this, we're not mind readers. You have to let us know if you need the bathroom. Is it an emergency?"

"No," Morgan said, after a beat. Their mom frowned.

"Okay... we're just making this one quick detour and then we'll be there."

A few minutes later, they pulled up to the entrance of the park. It wasn't open, that was obvious, but they couldn't make out what the posted sign said.

"Kelsey, hop out and look real quick."

She opened the door and rushed over the sign, giving a big thumbs up back toward the car as she saw the words "Winter Hours." She walked back toward the car and her mom rolled down the window.

"They're open all day but only on Saturday and Sunday."

"Okay, great... hey, did you see anywhere up there where your sister could go pee?"

Kelsey turned back to confirm what she thought: the only bathrooms she saw had been right behind the closed entrance. In the area around all she saw were gated-up restaurants and souvenir shops. She shook her head.

"Mom, I told you, I'm fine," Morgan said from the back seat, hoping she sounded more sure than she was.

Kelsey got back in the car and they started off again. She noticed that Morgan had put the iPad away and now was simply looking out the window. Her left foot kept tapping and every couple of minutes she would press her legs together tightly, then relax. More than once she pressed her hand against herself through her jeans.

Feeling badly for her sister, Kelsey asked how much longer it'd be. She noticed Morgan's attention shift from the window upon hearing the question.

"About fifteen minutes or so. This is still the really touristy part, their house is just past all this."

For Morgan's sake, at least, they were on the main road now, driving at a good clip and not getting stuck at a red light every corner. She crossed her legs and buried her hand between them. With the other, she placed the iPad back over herself to hopefully conceal what she was doing. She was sure could hold it for fifteen more minutes. Well, pretty sure.

The seatbelt pressing against her bladder definitely wasn't helping. She adjusted herself in the seat, putting her feet on the edge and sticking her knees up. She used her right hand to hold herself, but the momentary relief that brought was erased by her mind zeroing in on how badly she needed to pee.

Singing songs to herself in her head was helping, but only a little bit. She was in the middle of a verse when the car rolled to a stop. Morgan snapped out of karaoke mode. Finally, they were there!

Only, there was no house around. It was still the roadway.

"Ummmm, why did we stop?" she asked meekly.

"It's a drawbridge, honey," her mom replied. "It has to open up to let that big boat through."

Kelsey and Morgan glanced out the window and saw the boat approaching slowly. To Morgan it seemed like it might as well be going backwards. She had been repeating fifteen minutes, fifteen minutes to herself over and over and now this stupid boat was going to make her pee in her pants. She pushed her thighs together tightly once again and twisted to her side to relieve the pressure of the seatbelt. This time the fidgeting caught the attention of their mom, who turned back.

"Morgan, don't sit like that!" she scolded.

She turned back forward and tried to sit as normally as she could as to avoid another question about her bladder. It was just about the one thing she didn't want to think or talk about. As soon as their mom looked back toward the bridge and the boat finally, mercifully, passing by, Morgan stuck her hands back between her legs.

It took just about every muscle Morgan knew she had, and some she didn't, to hold back the flood as they drove over the bumpy drawbridge. She looked around and finally saw some houses. They couldn't be far now.

"We're almost there, Morg, be a big girl and hold it just a few more minutes," her mom said. Morgan's face turned red. She hated her mother's "be a big girl" talks. Too focused on her bladder to speak, she managed a nod.

Kelsey's eyes remained fixed on her little sister, who could no longer make secret to anybody her urgent need: she was bouncing up and down with one leg crossed over the other and both hands buried between. Kelsey noticed her chewing on her lip and taking short, quick breaths as she continued to fight.

They turned down one street, and then another, before her dad announced "This is it... let's see, 23, 25, 27..." he read out address numbers as they went by. "Here it is, 33!"

He pulled alongside the curb and stopped the car. The girls clicked their seatbelts off and opened their doors. Morgan took a deep breath and took off running across the lawn toward the front door, taking short, choppy steps as her bladder ached for relief. She got to the porch and rang the doorbell and waited.

And waited, and waited, and waited. How long does it take to answer the door?!" Kelsey caught up with her on the porch.

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god," Morgan whispered as they waited. Finally, the door swung open and their aunt appeared. A moment of strange silence passed as Morgan kept dancing around.

Kelsey looked over at her sister, who was doubled over and shaking at the knees. She saw tears start to well in her eyes and was finally able to break the silence for her sister.

"Uh, bathroom?" Kelsey managed to get out.

"Oh, oh, of course!" her aunt said. "It's down the hall just before the kitchen."

Morgan raced past her aunt and into the house. Briefly disoriented by the unfamiliar surroundings, she felt a drop of pee squeeze past her defense and hit her underwear. Tensing herself up even more, she started down the hallway in some kind of run/walk/shuffle maneuver.

Past the living room the bathroom finally came into sight. She felt another spasm come over her and another half-second jet of pee come out. Her hands still pressed firmly against herself, she felt the damp fabric up against her skin. By the time she was in the doorway and could see the toilet the drops had turned into a trickle. She rushed in, undid her jeans, yanked them and her underwear down and finally, finally sat down the toilet.

The pee gushed out forcefully, like it was all trying to get out at once. The loud splash against the toilet bowl and water made Morgan blush as she realized she had forgotten to close the door. It went on and no with no sign of stopping when Kelsey appeared in the doorway. Still peeing, Morgan looked up, red-faced.

"You should really close the door, you know," Kelsey said playfully.

"I thought I was going to burst, sorry," Morgan said as her stream turned to steady, then a dribble, and finally abated. "I can't believe I made it."

"Umm, except you peed on the floor," Kelsey said, noticing a few yellow droplets against the white tile.

"Well okay I didn't like 100 percent make it but that's like nothing," Morgan conceded as she tore off some toilet paper to wipe up the floor. She was more concerned with her panties and jeans anyway. Looking down, there was no mistaking the tennis ball-sized wet spot on her undies but a sense of pride came over her as she felt her jeans: dry.

"You're not gonna tell mom, are you?" Morgan asked. "You know how she is sometimes with this stuff..."

"No, it's okay," Kelsey said. "Let's go and get our bags from the car before she starts wondering."

*004*2015-12-12 13:21

Working on part 2 now. Is it possible for a mod to add the pink Female tag to the topic title? Much appreciated!

*007*2015-12-13 17:05

II.

The girls brought their stuff in and started to get settled. This house was huge, but with all three of her cousins each having their own room, that left Kelsey and Morgan to share one. That was no big deal, since they did the same thing back home, but Kelsey knew she wasn't going to like sharing a bed. She was a light sleeper, often waking up at home from Morgan's tossing and turning and really exploring the studio space in her own bed across the room. Now she was going to be restlessly sleeping right next to her. At least the mattress seemed comfortable enough, plus there was a TV in the room. That's pretty cool, she thought.

She was excited for her cousins to get home from school, the last day before their winter break started. They grew up about a half-hour away but then her uncle got a job on the other side of the other country and they hadn't seen them in two years. Now that his new new job brought them to Parakeet Pointe, a few hours away, Kelsey was hopeful she'd see them more often.

Most of their visits back then had been the typically boring family get-togethers, but since then Kelsey had been texting and Skyping with Alyssa all the time. She was a year older than Kelsey but it turned out they had nearly identical interests. Kelsey had just been playing MagnetiKoala against her on the drive over until Alyssa had to put her phone in her locker for a math test.

She peeked in one bedroom and recognized the 'Save the Whales' posters above the bed from her Skype chats; this was definitely Alyssa's room. She thumbed through a stack of books on the shelf and smiled. A small part of her had been worried that Alyssa was just being nice to her, going along with what they talked about but then ultimately going off and doing something better, something cooler. Alyssa always seemed to have the coolest stories about her and her friends. But here were some well-worn books that Kelsey liked, too, and that made her happy.

Across the hall she could tell from the trophies and band posters that it was Brandon's room. He was Alyssa's older brother and Kelsey had only talked to him a few times since they'd last seen each other. He was nice enough but she didn't really want to poke around in his stuff. She skipped over that room and stopped in the doorway of Zoe's room. It was mostly little kid stuff, not much different from what Morgan's half of their room looked like at home.

She was about to head back downstairs to see what everyone else was doing but a set of mini dolls on her bedside table caught her eyes. It looked like... yeah! It was the emotion characters from Inside Out. Kelsey loved that movie and stepped in the room for a closer look. They were so cute, she thought. She picked up Joy and sat down on Zoe's bed. She paused at the noise it made.

It sounded like... what? She shifted her weight around on the bed and it came to her. It was the sound that used to keep her up at night when Morgan used to roll around on it her sleep, a plastic sheet to protect the mattress from any bedwetting. Did her little cousin really still have accidents at night? She was almost Morgan's age, and it had been at least a few years since her sister needed it. Alyssa had never mentioned anything about it, but then again, it never really came up.

She lifted the sheets to make sure: yup, that's definitely what it was. Kelsey wondered if maybe her aunt was just paranoid with the new bedding, but she just tested out her and Morgan's bed and she definitely would've noticed something like that. Her mind flashed back to when Morgan was six and wondered if Zoe had to wear diapers, too.

Idly curious, she took a quick look in the closet. That's where her parents had kept the ones for Morgan, but she didn't see anything. Maybe they were in the dresser, Kelsey thought, or maybe she didn't need diapers and this is just silly. She wasn't about to rifle through her cousin's stuff, but she did duck her head to look under the bed.

There it was. Kelsey pulled out the pink package of Goodnites. She took one out of the package, suddenly feeling very intrusive into Zoe's life. Kelsey looked at the pair of Goodnites and thought that they looked a lot more like regular underwear then when Morgan had them. You could still tell up close what they were, but Kelsey found the design on them wasn't a whole lot different from some of her own underwear.

She heard the front door open downstairs and looked outside. Her uncle's car was back and he was walking toward the door with Alyssa and Brandon, which meant Zoe had been the one to come in, which meant...

Kelsey kicked the package of Goodnites back under Zoe's bed and retreated back to her room. She was still holding the Goodnite in one hand, and the Joy doll in the other. She didn't want her cousin to think she was messing with her stuff, and she definitely didn't want her to know that she had found out about the plastic sheet and the diapers.

The doll was going to be easy enough to put back, but the Goodnite was a different story. Kelsey decided it'd be best to just get downstairs as soon as she could and deal with this later. She folded up the Goodnite and stuffed it in the front pocket of her bag. She walked out and heard her parents greeting her cousins. She tiptoed into Zoe's room, put Joy back on the table, and snuck back out.

* * *

Her sister asleep next to her, Kelsey mindlessly flipped through channels on the TV. Sure, there may not have been anything on, but for Kelsey having one in the bedroom was a grand luxury. She wasn't going to let it go to waste.

She heard a light knock on the door, then it swung open before she had a chance to answer. Her mom stepped into the room.

"You're still up?!" she whispered at Kelsey, keeping care not to disturb Morgan. "It's way past your bedtime, young lady!"

"Sorry, mom, I guess I didn't notice how late it was."

"Well, it's almost midnight! Did you brush your teeth already?"

"Yeah, like two hours ago."

"Good, because two hours ago was supposed to be bedtime. Now turn the TV off and go to sleep!"

Kelsey flicked the screen off and turned off the lamp next to her as her mom closed the door behind her. She rolled over onto her side and tried to fall asleep. Morgan had been like a rock while she watched TV, but Kelsey rolled her eyes as actually looking for some sleep was apparently her cue to start thrashing around. She wished she had her own room like her cousins.

She eventually was able to nod off, but woke up a couple of hours later. It was Morgan flopping over that woke her up, but she was sleeping soundly now. Instead it was the pressure in Kelsey's bladder keeping her up. She realized that when she had brushed her teeth two hours before her mom came in, that was also the last time she had peed. She rolled around trying to get comfortable, but couldn't find a good position. She squeezed her legs and pushed against her pyjamas but every time she started to drift to sleep, her brain wouldn't let her.

She wanted to just get up, go to the bathroom, and get back in bed, but she really didn't want to upset her mom again. Back home, their parents didn't want her or Morgan to get up in the night. She had no idea what the policy was here, but something told her she didn't want to find out. She kept rolling over until finally, through sheer exhaustion, managed to fall asleep.

She awoke again to some light coming through the window. That was good news, Kelsey thought, because she had to pee really, really bad right now. She was still lying in bed on her side, with her butt stuck out and her legs pulled in close to her chest, one hand in between holding back the dam.. She remembered Morgan doing the same thing in the car, then thought about how she stood in the door as Morgan found sweet relief in the toilet. Then she thought that that wasn't a great thing to have on her mind on right now.

She looked over at the alarm clock: 6:15 It would probably still be at least an hour until anybody got up, she thought. She adjusted herself again, lying on her back now, but that just seemed to make her aching bladder worse. She kicked her legs out from under the sheet and crossed them tightly.

Kelsey started to panic now. Getting in trouble for being out of her room wouldn't be great but she was pretty sure that her parents and aunt and uncle wouldn't be happy if she ruined their new mattress either. The pressure on her urethra was torturing her as her internal debate continued. At one point she was sure she could hold it in. A minute later she was sure she couldn't.

She straightened one leg out, then the other. Mistake. The leverage on her bladder loosened, she felt the pee start to come out. She jerked her legs back up and managed to cut off the flow, but she could feel a little damage was already done. Enough was enough, she thought, I'll deal with whatever trouble I get in for being out early.

She swung her legs slowly off the side of the bed, doing all she could to avoid another spurt coming out. Her feet hit the ground and she stood up. With gravity now working against her, she let out a cry. Morgan turned over in the bed but stayed asleep. The pressure was unbearable now, and Kelsey was legitimately worried she wasn't even going to make it ten feet. She started toward the door but every step felt like a gamble, and the odds were getting worse.

She had an idea. She hopped her way over to her bag and tried to unzip the front pocket. Crap, she thought, as the zipper didn't move. She needed her other to steady the bag so she could undo it, but her other hand was busy attending to her bladder. She gathered her might and pinched her legs together as tight as they could do. She undid the zipper and took out the Goodnite she had taken from Zoe's room earlier.

Legs still locked together, she started shimmying her pyjama bottoms off. A few inches down on one side, a few inches on the other. She squeezed her hand against herself so hard it almost hurt. She managed to get the pyjama pants off, and hesitated. Was she really about to do this?

Another splash of pee forcing its way out and trickling down her leg reminded her that she had no choice. She lifted one leg and then the other and started to pull the Goodnite on. It stopped midway up her thigh, too tight. She hopped up and down while pulling it up, somehow making it most of the way up her backside. Good enough.

She relaxed but nothing happened. Kelsey felt her ears burn as she stood in there in a Goodnite, thinking that she could've just made it to the bathroom if her body was going to be like this. That feeling lasted about a second and a half.

She turned bright red as the pee hissed loudly into the Goodnite. She felt it swell up between her legs and start to sag. The warmth between her legs caught her off-guard and she widened her legs. Morgan started turning over in bed and Kelsey silently prayed she wouldn't wake up just yet. She was standing in her bedroom peeing into her little cousin's diaper but at least for now it was a secret. The last thing she needed was a witness.

Still peeing nearly full-force, she started to feel the warm sensation travel down her leg and hit the floor. Panicked, Kelsey tried to stop the flow but felt powerless. The drops slipping out of the leg bands turned into a stream as the saturated Goodnite could hold no more. It hit the wood floor and sounded like a bowling ball bouncing to Kelsey. She squatted down to silence that as the puddle underneath her continued to expand. Luckily her sister remained asleep.

Finally Kelsey was able to stem the tide, but the damage was already done. She looked down at the sopping-wet Goodnite and the puddle on the floor. She had been so focused on not peeing in the bed that she hadn't really thought this far ahead. A nervous buzz overtook her body and she stood frozen for what felt like an eternity. She started toward the closet hoping for something helpful, but one step made her pause.

The formerly warm, wet Goodnite was already turning cold and clammy, and Kelsey was worried about more dripping out. She slipped it off and laid it next to the puddle. She didn't even know was she was hoping to find in the closet, but she didn't know what else to do.

She moved some boxes around, nothing. She sighed and tried to come up with a Plan B, but her mind was blank. Top drawer in the dresser, empty. Second, empty. Empty, empty empty. She pulled open the last drawer... jackpot! A big plastic bag with some towel. She couldn't believe her luck and burst into a smile.

Mopping up her pee puddle, she blushed once more about how much there was. That was in addition to the Goodnite next to it, heavy with urine and its pattern faded. She felt like was she was floating now, a huge weight taken off as she almost home free. She dropped the evidence in the bag and tied off the top. Walking through the house with the bag would be impossible right now, so she stuffed it one of the empty drawers and closed it shut. Her ordeal over, she changed back into her pyjamas and climbed into bed. Thank god her sister was such a heavy sleeper.

* * *

Kelsey and Morgan came back from a morning trip to the store with their parents to find Alyssa putting the finishing touches on some sandwiches. Kelsey sat the table and started to dig in.

THWACK... THWACK... THWACK

She didn't need to hear the muffled cries of her little cousin to know what was going on. Like her own parents, she knew that her aunt and uncle still doled out spankings. She and Alyssa commiserated over that fact many times over text and Skype.

"Do you know what happened?" Kelsey asked.

"Um, it's kind of complicated," her cousin replied. She paused before spilling the beans. It was easy to discuss this stuff hundreds of miles apart, but it felt different in person.

"So basically Zoe still wets her bed sometimes and mom found one of her diapers that she hid."

Kelsey gulped and turned pale. "Oh... um, hid?"

"Yeah she like tried to hide her wet diaper so mom wouldn't know. She does that sometimes but always gets caught, it's so stupid. This time she tried to stick it in the guest bedroom, uh, where you guys are sleeping, and mom found it."

Kelsey looked down at her food. She didn't have much of an appetite anymore. Her stomach churned with guilt knowing that her little cousin was taking the punishment -- and it sounded like a bad one -- for her own accident. Kelsey had been so relieved that she'd gotten away with it, but now she felt awful knowing she hadn't, and even worse that somebody else was the one getting in trouble. At the same time, she wasn't about to speak up in front of Brandon and Alyssa and her own parents. She silently vowed to make it up to Zoe. Somehow.

*008*2015-12-15 03:25

Sorry for the double-post!

*010*2015-12-15 18:39

Thanks for the feedback, everybody! Here's the next chapter, let me know what you think :)

P.S. a true wetting scene will be coming soon

III.

Kelsey felt a little bit better that afternoon. Her little cousin had been holed up in her room since the morning, but it was Kelsey who went up and coaxed her out with an offer to play some board games. Now she and Morgan were playing and laughing and together, and Kelsey hoped that they could form the same kind of bond she had with Alyssa.

The two older girls were in the kitchen packing up a drawstring bag. It was still overcast, not exactly summer beach weather, but it had warmed up nicely and they were going to go for a hike. There was a wooded area right at the end of their block that Kelsey had heard all about. Alyssa had raved about the huge trees, perfect for sitting and reading, and about the cute little animals that made their home there. It sounded magical.

There was a creek that ran into some woods near where Kelsey lived, but her parents never let her and Morgan explore there. That was all the same to Kelsey, though, who found them a little scary. There were all sorts of tales about bodies being found there, or people going missing. She didn't think any of it was true, but she couldn't be sure. Now she had some of the same concerns about the Parakeet Pointe woodlands. Didn't bears live in this kind of area? Or worse, snakes? Kelsey hated snakes.

She kepts her worries to herself, though, since Alyssa had never mentioned anything like that and she didn't want to seem like some kind of scaredy-cat. Their younger sisters were still playing in the living room and didn't want to pause their game. Brandon came down the stairs.

"We're going down the street, wanna come?" Alyssa asked.

"No." Her brother didn't bother to glance up from his phone. "Don't get lost again, mom and dad weren't happy about that little rescue mission."

"That was right after we moved here," she shot back. "I've been there like a million times since then."

"Just sayin'."

Alyssa closed up the bag of books, drinks, and snacks and shouted onto the patio where the parents were. "We're leaving now!"

"Have fun, don't get lost! Make sure your GPS is turned on!"

Alyssa smiled at Kelsey. "I swear, nobody forgets anything around here."

The girls set off down the street and slipped into the woods. They hiked in further than Kelsey had expected -- all she could see around her were the trees, and all of the switchbacks on the path had disrupted her sense of direction. Alyssa, though, seemed to know exactly where she was going, and Kelsey kept following her. Finally they came to an area where it opened up and a small pond appeared.

"I wish it was sunny out, it looks so cool when some light reflects off it," Alyssa said. "My friend took me here and we came all the time in the summer. When it's like a hundred degrees out it feels so nice in the shade. Here, come up here."

Alyssa planted her foot in a small knot on one of the trees and hoisted herself up. Kelsey passed her their bag of snacks and she hung it from a branch. It took a couple of false starts but with her cousin's help Kelsey was able to get up there too. She perched herself against the big trunk and looked out. It really was as nice as Alyssa had said.

They broke out the snacks and sodas they had packed and hung out in the tree. They talked about all the same stuff they did over text, only it was way more fun in person. Eventually they wound up back on this morning and what had happened with Zoe. Kelsey felt the lump in the throat return.

"When was the last time you got it?" Alyssa asked.

Kelsey knew was she was asking. They both hated to say the word "spanking." It sounded so juvenile and only reminded them of how much they hated the fact their parents still punished them that way. It was nice to talk to somebody who knew how it felt, but there was still something about acknowledging the word that made them uneasy.

"Like a couple of weeks ago," she replied. "My mom had been reminding me about my chores all weekend. I was about to get started and she said something again and I just snapped back at her. I usually get a warning first but I guess she was already mad at me."

"Yeah, I know the feeling. Mine was earlier this week from fighting with Zoe in the car. She was hitting me with something so I grabbed her arms to stop her and my dad was just like you're both in big trouble when we get home."

"Two in one week for Zoe, that really sucks," Kelsey said. Her stomach felt heavy. She still felt wracked with guilt that she had been the reason for the second one. She didn't like keeping secrets from Alyssa, but she couldn't bear to tell her the story of how she hadn't been able to hold her pee this morning.

"This one was her own stupid fault. They don't get angry if she wets the bed but it's when she tries to hide it and prove she can stay dry that she gets in trouble."

"How much does that happen?" Kelsey didn't really want to linger on the topic, but her curiosity got the better of her.

"Like once or twice a week. It stopped for a while but right before we moved here in the spring it started again and it hasn't stopped. Does Morgan do it at all?"

"Not really. She used to wear diapers and all but not since she was like six."

"Oh good for her," Alyssa replied. "What about you?"

The question caught Kelsey off-guard. It was just an innocent question, a natural continuation of the topic to her cousin, who seemed at ease talking about anything. But given the morning's events, Kelsey wished she had changed the subject when had the chance.

She stammered, pretending to be thinking back, but her mind was stuck. Not only was there this morning, but the last time there had been a bedwetting accident in her family, it was her and not her little sister who was responsible. When they were on vacation a couple of months ago, Kelsey had been exhausted the first night and slept through not only her sister's rustling but also the signals from her bladder. When her mom came by to wake her up, she had soaked the sheets. Having to stand next to her parents as they explained to the hotel clerk what happened was her lasting memory from that trip.

"Ummmm not since I was like six or seven," she said, then added quickly: "But I didn't wear diapers like Morgan. Um, did it ever happen to you?"

"Maybe when I was really, really little, like four years old," Alyssa said. Hearing that, Kelsey was very glad she hadn't just admitted she peed the bed at age eleven. "Back where we used to live, though," Alyssa continued, "one of my friends did at a sleepover. She was too shy to get up during the night and ended up going in her sleeping bag."

Kelsey tried not to blush as her cousin described, essentially, what had just happened to her this very morning. All of this talk made her very aware of her own bladder now, which was letting her brain know it was filling up. She thought about saying something, but didn't want to have to head back to the house already.

They moved on to talking about what they wanted to do the rest of the time on Kelsey's visit, but there was no respite from thinking about her urge to pee. She tried crossing her legs but found it too hard to balance on the branch she sat on, so she settled for locking her thighs together. Her mind raced back to last night and she decided she better say something before history repeated itself. But Alyssa beat her to it by announcing her own need. She hopped down, and Kelsey followed, relieved that they'd be home shortly.

"You can stay up there," her cousin said. "I'm just gonna go over there."

Kelsey watched as Alyssa walked over to the tree next to them, looked around, and pulled her shorts down. She squatted down and started peeing in full view. Seeing the pee race out of her cousin sharpened the ache in her own bladder. Her eyes were transfixed on her cousin, peeing without a care in the middle of the woods. As it pooled up beneath her, Kelsey pushed against her shorts. She turned away and tried to think about literally anything else.

Alyssa's stream came to a halt and she bounced up and down to get as many drops out as she could before pulling her shorts back on. She looked up before climbing back into their tree and saw Kelsey clutching herself.

"Do you have to go too? That tree over there is good."

"No, I'm okay," Kelsey said. "I don't have to go that bad."

A couple of minutes later, that lie was obvious to Alyssa. Kelsey had continued clenching her thighs and was absent-mindedly banging her knees together. Once she started to squirm around, Alyssa spoke up.

"Seriously, Kelsey, just go pee. All that talk earlier made me need to go, too."

Kelsey just shook her head.

"Peeing outside really isn't that bad," her cousin said. "Besides, I don't wanna go back home yet."

Kelsey had no idea if peeing outside was good or bad. The truth is, she had never done it. Once when their family had been camping, Kelsey needed to pee badly enough to consider it. Remembering some older girls she saw squatting down earlier in the trip, she asked her parents if she could just sneak outside the tent and do it real quick. But her parents insisted she wait for one of them to get dressed and take her to the central area where the bathroms were. The waiting had been too much, though, and Kelsey wasn't able make it all the way to the toilet. When she emerged with a medium-sized pee stain down the back of one leg, her mom marched her back inside. She gave Kelsey a few swats on the butt and ensured that none of her leaking had gotten onto the floor.

But now it was just her and her cousin, and Alyssa had made it look so easy, like she'd done it dozens of times. Which she probably had, Kelsey thought. She climbed down from the tree and shuffled over to the one next to it, pausing to grab herself and make sure the flow didn't start early. When she got the tree, she paused.

"Just squat down and go," Alyssa said from her perch in the tree. "Oh, and make sure your underwear are out of the way. I won't look if that makes it easier, okay?" She turned away.

Kelsey undid the button and zipper on shorts and squatted. She did need to go, quite a lot, but her bladder was unwilling to surrender under these circumstances. Focusing on relaxing her muscles only seemed to make them tense up more. Finally a trickle emerged, spattering off a leaf. She heard Alyssa giggle.

"I'm trying!" Kelsey yelled.

"It's okay, it's okay," Alyssa said. "Just try to relax."

Kelsey tried. Her quads started to burn from holding the position. She stood up slightly to re-adjust and that's when her bladder decided to oblige. Glad that her cousin wasn't watching, she felt her cheeks turn red as she realized she was peeing outside of a bathroom for the second time that day. Unlike Alyssa's straight, steady stream, Kelsey's seemed to be going in every direction at once. She wondered if that's something you could practice. She held her shorts and undies out of the way and enjoyed the relief on her bladder.

"Are you done?" Alyssa asked.

"Just about," Kelsey said, as her body began to turn off the faucet. Her pee was slowly being absorbed into the ground, but a big puddle remained underneath. She stood up and put her panties back on, feeling the remaining drops fall out and hit the fabric. She pulled her shorts back up quickly, hoping Alyssa wouldn't turn in time to see the small wet spot on the front of her underwear. Feeling refreshed, she climbed back onto her branch.

"Um, thanks," she said. Was it weird to thank her cousin for helping her with that?

"No problem, it takes some practice," Alyssa said with a smile.

*013*2015-12-23 18:10

Next chapter will be sometime after New Year's. Enjoy this last one of 2015! Feedback always appreciated.

IV.

Kelsey looked up from her cereal the next morning to see Zoe walk by. She was holding her Goodnite, obviously wet, and Kelsey's pangs of guilt about the previous morning returned. She wanted to do something for her cousin, but she couldn't think of anything that was big enough to make up for what she'd done but that also wouldn't raise any alarms. Still coming up blank, she thought back to last night and how she had made sure to pee the minute before she went to sleep. After the incident yesterday morning and then another close call in the woods, she was determined to be very aware of her bladder at all times.

She even thought up a plan for today. She knew her uncle's new job was at the aquarium they were building, but apparently he was some manager or administrator or something. Kelsey didn't exactly know the whole story, but they had installed a lot of the exhibits already and he had set up a private tour for her and her cousins before it opened up to the public in the spring. Anyway, Kelsey was foregoing her usual cup of orange juice with breakfast, planned on using the bathroom right before they left, and decided she would note every bathroom they passed once they were there. She was excited for the trip, but figured being over-cautious was better than the other way.

If she was excited to go, Alyssa was almost hysterical. She was obsessed with everything about marine life and loved telling Kelsey over Skype about this or that new documentary she had seen. Whale posters, shark-tooth necklaces, dolphin jewelry -- she was into it all. Alyssa was over the moon when her dad told her about his new job and she had been begging for a tour practically ever since. Today was finally the day.

They jumped in the minivan along with their little sisters, plus Alyssa's older brother, and headed off. Alyssa talked Kelsey's ear off for most of the journey, stopping only to pepper her dad with questions. He didn't let anything on, though, only saying proudly, "You'll see when you get there." When they got there, he stopped at the main entrance.

"You guys get out here, I'll park this and meet you in the lobby. You can look around there but don't wander off. The hallways aren't completely finished yet so wait until I find someone to show you around."

The kids walked into the aquarium, looking around and the two gigantic fish tanks that lined the walkway in. Once inside, Kelsey stared in awe at the even bigger tank in the middle of the room, filled with colorful fish darting around. Alyssa bounced around the outside of the room, examining all the murals and other artwork. Kelsey looked up and saw the ceiling tiles appearing to float around. It was all designed to make you feel like you were under the sea, and it really worked.

Feeling surrounded by water, Kelsey realized her plan was already shot: she had forgotten to pee before they left home. She scanned the room looking for a bathroom but didn't see one. She barely even felt the urge, but knew it would be a good idea to take care of it now. Seeing her uncle coming in through the back corridor, she cut over before she'd have to ask in front of everyone.

"Uncle Greg, is the a bathroom around I could use real quick?"

"Oh, uh, yeah, it's back in the offices though. All these pipes for the water for thefish are hooked up but we only have one bathroom hooked into the city system. Kinda ironic, right? Anyway, did you see where I came from? Just down that hall you'll see the administrative office and it's right inside that door."

Kelsey went off and found the bathroom. Sitting on the toilet, she felt weirdly proud, but after yesterday this qualified as a mild accomplishment. She wiped herself up and pulled her pants back on and went back to join the others.

"Hey Kelsey, check this out! Did you know the sailfish is the fastest in the world?" Alyssa was reading off a brochure. "They have one of those here, I can't wait to see it!"

"Oh, cool!" Kelsey said, trying to match her cousin's excitement.

"Yeah, plus they have like this HUGE octopus!" Alyssa stretched her arms wide.

"Okay, okay," her uncle said. "Someone will be out in a few minutes and they can show you anything you want to see."

He turned to his son. "Brandon, you can do the tour too, but if you want to make some money we have a ton of boxes that need moving in the back. Up to you."

Brandon considered it for a second. He knew his dad was always generous with tasks like that, and he'd rather tour the place with his friends, not his little sisters and cousins.

"Yeah, I can do that."

"Okay, great, just follow me. Girls, hold tight and I'll get someone out here for you. Make sure you listen to everything they say, okay?"

The two guys departed and the girls milled around the lobby. A minute or two later, someone came out of the back and greeted them.

"Hey, what's up? I'm Bryce and I'll be your tour guide today!"

Kelsey turned around. He was tall and lean, with wavy blonde hair. He looked like every cliche of a surfer bro formed into one person, but somehow it all seemed natural. The name, the hair, the accent, even the body all seemed to fit together perfectly. Especially the body, Kelsey thought for a fleeting second.

"What are your names?"

"Zoe."

"Morgan."

"Kelsey."

Kelsey looked over at Alyssa when she didn't hear her introduce herself. The glance seemed to knock her out of a trance. "Um, hi, I"m Alyssa."

"Great! So to tell you a little bit about myself... I go to college down the coast in Westbridge, where I'm majoring in marine biology, so this has pretty much been the coolest place to do my internship. Everything around here is still a mess but all the exhibits are up and running so I'll be able to show you whatever you want. Anyone have any questions before we start?"

Nobody did, so he started off down the path to the right. "So down here is where all the jellyfish are..."

Kelsey noticed that Alyssa looked kind of like a jellyfish herself. Why was she acting so weird? Kelsey wondered. She flicked her cousin on the shoulder and they started following Bryce and their sisters. They stopped at a tank and Bryce told them all about it, then moved on to another and repeated the process. It was pretty neat seeing how they moved around, but Kelsey was still worried about Alyssa. For someone who had been that hyped up to come here, she was awfully quiet. They passed into another section, this one home to some amphibians.

"Does anyone know if these are frogs or toads?" Bryce asked.

Alyssa finally broke her silence. "Frogs!"

"Hey, that's right! What makes you say that?"

"Umm, frogs have to live near water but toads don't," Alyssa offered.

"Yup, good job!"

Alyssa grinned and blushed at the praise, and all of a sudden Kelsey knew what was going on. She was old enough that this hot college guy hadn't escaped her notice, but Alyssa was practically head over heels. She was crushing on Bryce big-time. Suddenly to Kelsey the small age gap between them felt like a decade. She wondered if she would be having feelings like this in a year.

Now that she had broken the ice, Alyssa seemed eager to show off her passion. Every chance she had, she chipped in with additional information about the exhibit they were viewing. Kelsey was happy her cousin was back to being herself. Bouncing around, unable to stay still, that must be what being in L-O-V-E was like, she thought.

They continued walking around the aquarium, which never seemed to end. The sailfish was a big hit, earning oohs and ahhs as it sped around in its tank. They saw the giant octoupus, too, although they didn't stick around there long after it snuck up to the glass and freaked Morgan out.

Kelsey noticed that Alyssa was still a ball of energy, but even when she wasn't talking to Bryce. He had just stepped aside to take a phone call, and Alyssa was standing in front of a display of tetras shifting her weight from one leg to other. Kelsey wondered if her cousin had to pee. She didn't show any signs yesterday in the woods, Kelsey remembered. Did that mean she was just imagining this? Or did she have to go pretty badly?

Off the phone, Bryce poked his head out from behind a tank on the opposite side of the area. "Okay, I know we still have a few things to see, but I need to go back and lock up the office. If anyone needs the bathroom they should come now, it's our only one."

Alyssa didn't react. Kelsey wondered if she had heard Bryce. Morgan and Zoe both decided it would be a good idea to go, but Kelsey felt okay. She had gone right when they got here and hadn't had anything to drink. She hung back and went over to Alyssa while the other three went back toward the lobby.

"These things are so cool, right?" Alyssa said. "I really want my mom and dad to get me some so I can put a tank in my room."

She looked back around. "Where'd they go?"

"Bryce had to go back and lock up the office, and Morgan and Zoe went to use the bathroom. Do you want to catch up with them?" Kelsey asked. It seemed like Alyssa hadn't heard, and Kelsey didn't want her cousin to miss her chance to use the bathroom.

"Um, no, that's okay," Alyssa said, pinching her legs together. "I can hold it."

Kelsey was surprised. Just yesterday Alyssa had been so casual and cool about it, squatting down and peeing without a care. Now she was looking nervous and intense. Kelsey wondered how a cute guy could change the equation that much.

Their sisters returned, along with Bryce, and they proceded to the next area: the touch tank. Only one of the two ponds was set up, but there plenty of rays swimming around in the shallow water. Bryce gave a quick overview.

"Only use your first two fingers, and try to pet them along the fin, not their body. They'll swim over you as long as you're patient."

Kelsey watched as Alyssa walked over the ledge, leaned over, and stuck her hand in. It seemed to sent a jolt of electricity through her body, bending at her knees and crossing her legs. She quickly up to see if Bryce had noticed but he was busy showing Morgan how to do it. Kelsey thought that if she had to pee, sticking her hand into cold water would not be a good time.

Sure enough, Alyssa seemed disinterested in the tank after that. Both of their little sisters were really into it, though, so the older girls stood near. Alyssa was grabbing at the fabric of her jeans and pushing it up against herself, taking great care to let go as soon as it seemed like Bryce might look up. When he did, she went completely rigid, trying to disguise her need.

"I really need to pee," she whispered to Kelsey. "Do you see a bathroom?"

"Um, no, your dad said the only one was in the office and that's why Morgan and Zoe went before Bryce locked it up."

"Why didn't you tell me that?!" Alyssa snapped, a little too loudly. Bryce looked over, and she forced a smile back.

Kelsey had had moments where she had been too shy to ask to use the bathroom, but she couldn't believe it has happening to her cousin. She sat down on the ledge and crossed her legs tightly.

"Sorry, but you're not supposed to sit there," Bryce said. With a sheepish grin, Alyssa stood back up.

"How are they still looking at these stupid rays?" she complained, tapping her feet. Kelsey didn't know what to say. Alyssa was hopping around now, always abruptly stopping her peepee dance whenever Bryce glanced over.

Finally their younger sisters were tiring of the rays, and Bryce moved them along.

"Last thing up is the shark tunnel!" Morgan and Zoe let out a gleeful shriek. Alyssa tried to erase the worried look from her face.

She was definitely walking strangely now, Kelsey thought. She was taking shorter steps and pausing every so often to slip her hand down and push against the jeans. Pinching her thighs together made her butt stick out slightly. She stayed far behind Bryce now, not risking him catching sight of her problem.

She sighed audibly every time he stopped to point something out. Ordinarily, this would be one of the coolest things she could think of doing, but right now she could only focus on holding it in long enough to finish the tour and ask her had for the key to the bathroom.

She could see the end of the tunnel now, which led right back into the lobby. Adjusting herself again, she shuffled her way down the path. She kept her head straight down, scared to look up and even think about all the water behind the glass. At long last, she made it back it where they started.

"So that about covers it," Bryce was saying. "Any last questions before I take off?"

Kelsey looked at Alyssa, who was trying her best to remain completely still while saying goodbye to her crush. She couldn't believe her cousin wasn't asking him to unlock the office door.

"All right, I'll let your dad know you guys are here. Hope to see you soon!"

Alyssa blushed as he looked at her while he said that. As soon as he turned around, she buried both hands deep between her legs and started bouncing up and down.

"I have to pee soooooooo bad!" she said out loud to nobody in particular.

Kelsey felt bad for her poor cousin, dancing around and bursting to pee. She wondered how long it would be until her uncle got there. Had Bryce just left forty seconds ago? Or had it been four minutes? She heard a buzz.

Alyssa felt it, in the pockets of her jeans. She squeezed her legs together and left one hand behind to relieve the pressure on her bladder. With her other, she managed to gently grab her cell phone out of her pocket.

Dad

###

I'm outside in the car, come out the main entrance|

###

Alyssa let out a yelp. She had been counting on her dad still being inside, coming to the lobby and rescuing her with the office now. Now she realized she'd have to go all the way out, get the key -- there was absolutely no way she'd be able to make it the whole car ride home -- come back in and get to the bathroom.

She started toward the exit but froze as a spasm hit her bladder. A half-second spurt of pee hit her underwear and made her squeeze even more tightly. She took another two steps before it happened again. She was able to cut off the flow again but she was sure her jeans had gotten wet. Rallying herself, she tried to keep walking but her bladder was winning the battle.

"Oh my god, nooo!" she cried out as she felt her muscles give in. Her pee started trickling out past her hands, which were still fighting a losing battle. Her throat closed up and she felt her stomach sink as the trickle turned into a torrent of pee. The wet spot on her jeans grew larger and started to run down her legs. Alyssa shuddered as the warm feeling spread up her backside.

The pee began pooling up underneath her, and all she could do was stand frozen as the flow never seemed to stop. She fought back some sniffles and kept her eyes down, fixed on the expanding puddle. She couldn't bear to look up at her sister or cousins. The back of both her thighs were soaked now. She tried to shift around but the warm, sopping denim clung to her. Her underwear felt heavy around her waist.

Finally the stream came to a stop. She managed to look up only to see Kelsey gawking at her. Morgan and Zoe were across the room, somehow oblivious to what had happened. Alyssa wiggled her toes, shivering at the uncomfortable feeling of wet socks. Tears started to well in her eyes, but she managed to choke out a few words.

"Go get my dad," she told Kelsey. She started out the door, hearing Alyssa whispering to herself as she went. Outside the entrance, her dad was waiting in the car with Brandon. She realized she had no idea how she was supposed to break this sort of news.

"Um, Uncle Greg? Can you come in real quick?"

He sensed the concern in her voice. "Of course, what's wrong?"

Kelsey stammered for a moments. "Um, uh, nothing, it's just, um, she kind of had an accident."

He sighed. "Ugh, I swear, Zoe can't keep doing this, it's ridiculous."

"Ummmm actually..."

Her uncle raised an eyebrow.

"It was Alyssa."

"I see," he said, stepping out of the car. "Brandon, wait here, okay?"

He started walking toward the entrance, and Kelsey trailed behind. She did not want to be between him and Alyssa right now. The walk to the door seemed to take forever, and each step just made Kelsey feel worse. She had been in Alyssa's (wet) shoes before, and she felt sick to her stomach for her cousin. Plus, if her dad was mad at the idea that Zoe had peed, she couldn't imagine how he felt now.

He opened the door and surveyed the scene. Alyssa had barely moved, the big puddle glistening only a few feet from where she stood. Her cheeks were flushed and she wiped at her eyes. Morgan and Zoe were now aware of the situation, standing far off in the corner.

"ALYSSA LYNN!" His voice boomed through the lobby.

"What happened?!" he demanded. Alyssa could tell it wasn't a question he really wanted her to answer. "How old are you?!"

She looked up meekly. "I'm sorry, Dad, I didn't mean to."

"Well I should hope you didn't mean to! You peed all over the floor!" He motioned to the puddle. "Just wait until your mother finds out about this. Thirteen years old and having an accident like this, unbelievable! You're in a lot of trouble, do you understand that?"

The color drained from her face. "Yes, dad," she mumbled.

"To start, you're going to clean up this mess. And you can forget about going to the park tomorrow. Once we get home your mother and I will talk this over, this is completely unacceptable."

Alyssa looked around, hoping for an earthquake to swallow her up, or maybe a tornado to rip through the aquarium. No such luck. Her dad ordered her to follow him to the supplies closet for some paper towels. She started behind him, feeling her socks squish as she walked. Some more drops dripped off the bottom of her pant leg, and she felt the tears fill her eyes again.

*017*2016-01-06 17:56

I've hit some writer's block but at the same time I've had some ideas for other plots that I don't think would work well in this story. Next chapter may still be coming soon but don't be surprised if I wind up starting a new story instead.

*020*2017-05-17 17:44

New chapter to this is coming soon. Hopefully.

