I wet myself on our second date

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2020-10-18 18:01

I was nervous and excited as I walked from my hotel room. The first tinder date with Tim a week ago in the city had been awesome. We had been texting since then and seemed to be both quite happy to realise we both happened to have errands in a small town for this weekend. He was visiting relatives and I had a meeting with my union. We decided to meet Saturday around lunch time, to have a coffee in the park situated on a hill overlooking the city.

So there he was. Even more goodlooking than I remembered, and with the cutest smile on his face. The hug was a little nervous but still warm and electric. I wanted more of that, secretly I was also hoping for a kiss later on. When we checked the park cafés they were both closed for the season. No worries though, none of us were hungry after late and heavy breakfasts before, I was just thirsty and emptied the bottle of water I had with me, and then we decided to just stroll around the park. It was early October, leaves had started to fall from the trees, and the sky was grey, but still not cold. A great day for a date in the park.

As we started walking it took a while for our conversation to really float, but it didn´t matter, since the attraction was so obvious between us. After a while he took my hand. We kept walking, passed a playground, and then we sat down on a bench right at the track. Close. Legs and shoulders slightly touching each other, pounding hearts, his warm hand in mine. Some stupid jokes, some silly smalltalk, and then we looked at each other and there was no turning back. We started kissing. Finally. Wonderful. He was an awesome kisser, and he was fun and nice to talk to, everything that I´d seen so far was awesome, I wanted this guy.

Rest of the world had disappeared for a while, but then back to reality we realised we were sitting in a very busy part of the park. Families, teenagers, old people were passing by every 10 seconds. It didn´t match well with how intense it was getting between us, so we decided to keep walking, warm, smiling, hand in hand, talking more freely now, and stopping for another kiss every now and then.

My need to pee appeared kind of suddenly. The apple juice at the breakfast had been fantastic and I had been drinking a couple of glasses, together with the coffee, and then my water bottle. If we had been to that café, I would for sure have used the bathrooms. Now I didn´t think there were any open bathrooms in the park, but I didn´t worry about it, I used to be able to hold it for a long time, As long as we were walking it was no problem, only while standing still it was starting to get uncomfortable, so I didn´t think much about it.

The more important thing on my mind was the fact that I was dying to make out with him more, preferably with a bit more privacy. There had to be some more secluded areas in the park. I think he knew I had that in mind as I suggested we´d keep walking. Soon we had almost been around the whole park. Then we both saw it, a bench off the track, almost hidden among the trees. Actually there was a track leading to it, but it was for some reason roped off with cordon tape.

We headed for that bench, paused to kiss again, walking across the leaves covered grass between the trees, and then all of a sudden I felt something warm in my underwear. What, did I leak? I was surprised. Thank god it was only a few drops. I must have forgotten to hold for a short moment, with too much else going on here... I considered to suggest we´d leave the park to find me some public bathrooms, but decided to wait. We were having such a good time, I didn´t want to interrupt it, I would have to after a while, but not yet. I thought sitting down would be more comfortable and buy some time for my full bladder, and now that I had my guard up, I wasn´t gonna leak anymore.

We sat down, and I realised it didn´t do much help for my desperation. It started to disturb me a lot, my legs bouncing a little bit, and I tried not to squirm when the waves hit me. It was hard to concentrate on our conversation and to distract Tim from noticing my condition, I put my arms around him and started kissing him. I got carried away with that great kiss and him touching me of course, but then I leaked again… Not the tiniest leak this time, I could feel it soak right through my jeans under me, and soon after that my bladder contracted and pushed again and my efforts to stop that spurt seemed useless, it just came out. Fuck. Panic. I was on a date with someone I really liked, and I was wetting myself! I couldn´t do anything about it, but squeeezing my legs and muscles tight together, trying to prevent myself from a total loss of control. At this moment I got seriously worried and quiet and he noticed it immediately.

“Hey, is everything allright” he said, at the very same moment that I once again felt a spurt in my pants, the warmth and wetness spreading under my butt, and he didn´t know a thing about it. I couldn´t look him in the eye. I was mortified. And he saw I was but didn´t understand. “Hey, I see there´s something going on, did I do something wrong? Are we going too fast?” I was feeling terrible about this, he was blaming himself for something he had nothing to do with.

For fucks sake, I really liked him, he was hot and turned me on, and I would love to keep kissing and then probably ending up with him in my hotel room if it wasn´t for… damn, another gush in my pants, that I didn´t manage to stop for several seconds. I could now feel the whole bottom and underside of my thighs getting wet. Nervously I looked down at my crotch, but nothing really showed yet, and it helped that I was wearing dark jeans I guess. But while moving my legs a little bit apart I noticed how wet the bench was between them. I quickly pressed my thighs tight together again. Did he notice? No, he didn´t seem to. He just kept waiting for an answer of what was wrong. I mumbled something about my job, something I couldn´t let go thinking about, but I heard how it came out like a lame excuse, that he just pretended to believe to be polite.

It went silent. And awkward. I guess in an effort to try reaching out and connect with me again, he touched my leg, a move that just a while ago had given me shivers of the best kind, but now it terrified me. “You want me to stop?” he said, and I just shook my head. He said “I don´t get this, you seemed so relaxed and excited before, and now you´re all stiff, something must have happened. Is it really just your job thing? Come on, you can talk to me, or if you don´t want to, it´s still ok, I just don´t know how to deal with this now.”.

To see him so worried was even more painful than my aching bladder. I had to comfort him, but how? Should I just tell him, like “No nothing´s wrong, everything´s fine, the only problem is that I´m peeing my jeans right now as we speak?” No, I just couldn´t do that. But even if I didn´t tell him… there was no way i´d be getting out of this anyway without getting caught. The moment i´d be standing up from the puddle I created on the bench under me it would be obvious what had happened, and I probably also would flood my pants with what was still left in my bladder right in front of him.

His hand was once again on my thigh, moving closer, asking me again if it was ok, and I said yes. I wanted to stop him, but still I didn´t, and then I just resigned. If I couldn´t tell him he might as well find out, there was no other way this situation could end up anyway. My heart was pounding and I froze, as his hand slipped down under between my thighs and he suddenly stopped. He looked confused. “You´re wet”, he said, a little bit surprised, and then he paused for a while. I was blushing and staring in front of me. He had moved his hand away from me, and looked at me with concern. “Have you…. Have you wet yourself?” Damn. I was busted.

“I´m sorry” I mumbled, as another invisible 3 second stream of pee went right into my jeans. I was embarrassed, but at the same time so relieved. Still desperate like hell, but I had nothing to hide anymore. I could talk again. With an embarrassed smile I did my best to explain to him. How I didn´t want to interrupt things, and thought I would make it, how I never had been even close to wetting myself in my adult life before, how stupid I felt, that I just didn´t excuse myself right away, rather than ending up in this humiliating situation. All the while I was talking he just looked at me with some kind of amused and friendly face that somehow made me feel allright despite of all this. He said “ah it´s ok. It happens to anyone! Haha, no it definitely doesn´t! But it´s ok anyway!´”

And then he went silent, hesitating to say something, staring right at my crotch with a nervous smile.

“Can I feel it again?” He said. I first thought he was joking, why would he want to do that? But also, right as he said that I realised that not only was I embarrassed and soaking wet from my warm urine, there was also something else, another kind of hotness… I really couldn´t understand how and why, but the situation actually had turned me on! For the first time since we got to this bench I looked him straight in the eye, and with a surprised smile I said “If you really wanna do that, well, sure!” He put his hand between my legs, in under my wet crotch, and it felt good. Really good. He asked me if I still needed to pee, as if he couldn´t tell that from how tense my legs still were. I told him I did. He said “Go ahead”.

“Well, damage already done, I guess, “ I said, still doubting I would do it, but then my body decided for me, and I started going. First a little spurt, then much more. To finally release felt great. A river of warm pee went right through the fabric of my jeans and on to his fingers. I was wetting myself on his hand. I could tell by his deep sigh that it aroused him, and It had the same effect on me. When I was done we talked about it, laughed a little. And then I peed some more.

We finally stood up, both still a little bit confused and weirded out, but in a good way. I put my jacket around my waist, had him look at my back, and he said some wetness still showed below the jacket, on my legs, but not much. The bench had a huge wet spot though, it was wet all way up the back, and there was a little puddle in the sand underneath. The fact that it was supposed to rain this evening made me feel a little better about what I left behind.

I could feel the wetness of my pissed jeans with every step I took, and with that little secret we shared, we left the park.

*002*2020-10-21 12:07

{{On 10/18/2020 at 10:28 PM, kalle2020 said:

Great story, Tellnoone, very well written again! It's in the fiction section, for a change, but I would not be surprised if it had some autobiographical elements in it....

}}

Thank you, glad you liked it!

And you might be right about the autobiographical elements... Many years ago I was given a writing exercise where you should write about a true event that you experienced, but lie at least once in the story. I loved that exercise, and I think that´s a great way to create things. Use your own experiences, but don´t let reality get in the way of a good story.

*005*2020-10-28 18:13

{{On 10/21/2020 at 3:09 PM, wettingman said:

While some fiction stories exaggerate the hold and wetting unrealistically this one is very well written and believable. I really enjoyed it . Thank you for a job well done.

}}

Thank you, i´m glad you liked it! Wished there were more of these kind of realistic scenarios in the fiction section, but i guess i´ll need to write some myself!

*006*2020-10-28 18:20

{{On 10/22/2020 at 12:59 AM, AliasnameTO said:

I literally had to double-check whether I was in fiction or wetting experiences because of how grounded this one was. And such a delight it is! Not only is the desperation detailed and realistic, but the date itself is too. That poor guy going into damage control mode for thinking he screwed something up! At least he was into it hehe.

}}

Thanks for your fine response! So i guess i would have gotten away with it if i posted it in the experiences section... But I´m too honest for that. Guess i´ll try some more of these instead, maybe they´ll go on a third date, they seem to get along well...

