Drabble: Crackle Pop

Author: ThottonRose

*000*2024-09-27 16:03

The crackle of shit being pushed out of my anus echoed in the air around me; piss squirting out as a log of shit form and settle inside of my boxers. I grunt, repeatedly, moving back into my hand as I tried to push some shit back. I failed, the crackle being heard again as shit began to pile up again. Letting out a groan, I swayed back and forth as I shit; standing in the middle of my bedroom, my legs shaking.

The more I sigh and shudder, the more I shit. It took a couple of pissful minutes until my log was finally cut off from the base.

Squirming, I waddled my way towards the bathroom, thankful it was just a corner away; pulling my pants down as the smell of foul feces filling the air. I moaned, pushing the shit into the toilet with my fingers.

“That just feels fo fucking good,”

I said, quietly and covered with a sigh.

“Jesus Christ, my shit. . .”

Childishly, I squirmed in my dirty underwear, before slipping it back over my butt. I sigh again, swaying from heel to toe, going to close my eyes and enjoy the moment:

Enjoy the smell of three day old shit that was inside of them; the feeling of empty bowels. Going to flush, I washed my hands and went back on my walk back home.

I wasn’t used to shitting myself at random; this was a new predicament for me. A few years after my parents’ deaths, I started to shit myself at complete random. At first it was during the rare moments where I relaxed; my anus being able to relax and then loose control. Then it happened whenever I woke up or fall asleep, and then whenever I let out a shaking sigh.

My bowels were weaken by this, squirming as the mass of shit move through me again. I barely made it across to my door until it happened to me again – a rush of hot shit pouring out of my asshole, a log getting pressed suddenly at my anus. I gasp and moaned, pressing my knees together as piss poured down my legs; shit liquid following quickly after.

“Haaah...Haaaaah.”

I panted.

“Almost...To my toilet...”

A wet fart was hurt, a spluttering sound ripping from my asscheeks. I whimpered.

“Fuck I’m shitting myself fuu-fuck.”

It was then, between the corner of my room and the bathroom, I stood there and shit for a couple of long seconds before I finally rushed in. The bathroom was my safe haven; me and my roommates had an agreement.

Whatever happened in the bathroom, stays in the bathroom.

