The Bottomless Holding Challenge

Author: throwawaynumbe

*000*2024-06-30 04:02

If you could call Izzy anything, it wouldn’t be a coward. No challenge was too embarrassing, no test was to great. No one knew this as well as her partner, Grey. Together they would test each others limits and see who would break first, usually with a prize at the end.

@@izzy was a 5’5 ginger, her flaming red hair complimented her thick thighs and great ass. Her outfit (usual for a day off) was a green T shirt and her usual pajama bottoms. Another play argument had broken out that morning. “Baby, you’re just going to have to admit it, I can hold it in for days, I have you beat!” Izzy said in her usual cocky tone. Grey flashes a sly smile and replies “You’ve been great so far, but I haven’t given you a real challenge yet”. Izzy’s attention had been peaked by this. “Oh yeah, and what’s that?”, Izzy replied teasingly. “Strip below the waist”. Grey said with authority. Izzy was taken back “baby, right now? Normally I’d love it but you’re about to go to work”. Grey’s smile grew. “I know that, and I want you to start drinking. I’ll bet you can’t keep it all in without your parties on.” “Izzy’s confusion turned to excitement as she eagerly dropped her pajama bottoms, exposing her red lace panties. Soon they too would hit the floor. Leaving Izzy completely bottomless. “I’ll be back by 10, drink up, and no peeing until I say so.” The two shared a brief passionate kiss, and Grey walked out to their car.

Izzy would get to work quick, already on her third bottle of water within the first hour. She recieved a text from her partner. A list of chores. Of course, all water related.

12:00 laundry

2:00 do the dishes

4:00 clean the bathroom

6:00 water the garden

“love ya babe, I’ll see you tonight”

Noon soon rolled around, and Izzy got to work on her first task. She got to work casually gathering the pair’s laundry, when the first ping from her bladder hit. A small reminder, but nothing she couldn’t handle. She dumped the clothes into the washer, and began pouring in the detergent. A clear stream pouring into the washer would remind her of her growing need, but she pushed the feelings away. There was a lot more work to do.

In the meantime, she decided to do some more cleaning around the house, maybe to take her mind off her ever growing bladder. By the time two rolled around, she could feel the pressure growing more and more. She absentmindedly crossed her legs as she began work on the dishes. The hot water running through her fingers was doing something to her, as she felt her bladder pangs strengthening. She again pushed the feelings down as she scrubbed the dishes. But she couldn’t ignore the sound of the water. The gushing torrent from the kitchen sink reminded her of the one thing she wasn’t allowed to do. After a few uncomfortable minutes, her hips would start swaying back and forth ever so slightly, as her legs crossed. Soon, the task was done, and Izzy would walk to her chair in the living room for a brief break.

She flipped through the channels on her TV.

“Strong storms are expected tomorrow, expect heavy rain with a chance of flood-“

“-Victoria Falls, the largest waterfall in Africa, with massive flows of over-“

”-the most popular diaper brand in America, absorbing 99% of leaks-“

Izzy was astounded by the amount of terribly timed commercials today, as she began crossing her legs on her chair. Her hand found its way down to her pussy before she stopped herself. She could hear Grey’s voice in her head. “Cmon Izzy, it’s only been four hours and you’re already grabbing yourself like a little kid”. She huffed to herself and removed her hand. today sipped her bottle of water more as she became engrossed in the TV. She had settled on rewatching Star Wars again when the clock struck 4.

She stood up to begin her next task when a wave of desperation rushed over her. Her hands darted to her pussy once again, as she quickly regained her composure. Making a point of not holding herself, she walked stiffly towards the bathroom. If her desperation was bad before, it was even worse now. As she turned the corner, her eyes fixated on the toilet Sweet relief, so close, yet so far. She closed her eyes and bit her lip out of frustration, and began work cleaning up. To make matters worse, the bathroom sink had been leaky all day.

Drip. Drop. Drip. Drop. Drip. Drop

The sound was torture to her swelling bladder. She made a point to not look at the toilet as she sprayed the bathroom mirror. As she wiped the windex away, her eyes made contact with the toilet in the reflection, and she whimpered to herself. The A/C had kicked on, and the cold breeze on her exposed pussy reminded her even more of her desperation. Her brain, combining her bottomless stare and her proximity to the toilet, assumed that relief was imminent, and soon an even stronger wave of desperation hit her. She no longer cared about appearances, pushing her hand into her exposed crotch, and bending forward. No. She couldn’t give up now. The torture of being so close to relief was getting to her head, but she couldn’t break now. She began work on the shower, spraying even more cleaner. Now was time to rinse it off. She turned the shower handle only to be met with the harsh reminder of her aching bladder.

PSSSSSSSSH

@@the shower sprang to life with a gushing rainfall, her whole body was hit by another wave of desperation as she doubled over and shoved her hands even further into her crotch. She quickly turned off the shower head and hobbled out of the torture chamber that had become her bathroom.

Damn, this bottomless thing was getting to her. Even without the constant reminders of the growing sea within her bladder, she still had a hand pressed into her crotch, and her hips gently swayed as she stood in her bedroom. She turned to look at herself in the mirror. “Too bad Grey isn’t here to see the show” she thought to herself as she saw her own reflection’s desperate state. She had begun bouncing up and down slightly in an attempt to wrestle with the ocean within her bladder. “What a mess you are, Izzy” she remarked. Looking in the mirror, she sent a brief Snapchat to her partner. “Better hurry up babe, being naked in the bathroom doesn’t do wonders for your ability to not piss yourself” she said as she recorded herself in the mirror.

@@the final challenge of the night was going to be the worst of them all. Going outside half naked was anxiety inducing enough, even if her closest neighbors were a mile away. Another pressure on her bursting bladder. She dreaded going outside as she sad in her chair, sitting on her heel and rocking back and forth. The pressure was getting to be unbearable, and Grey would be home soon. She remembered the age old life lesson she learned from her partner.

“Good girls don’t pee”

@@she bit her lip and moaned in desperation as she stood up, doubling over in agony as her bare ass lifted into the air. She made her way to her back porch and opened the screen door. It was a warm summer day outside, with a warm breeze blowing in the air. She began hopping from foot to foot as she made her way to the hose, and began filling up the watering can. The sound of running water made her bottomless desperation grow once more, as she buried her free hand deeper and deeper into her crotch, kneeling over. In the process of doubling over, she of course managed to knock over the half full can, forcing her to start again.

After an agonizing walk around the garden, wishing she could take the watering can’s place and let loose her own shower upon the plants, she returned inside, sitting back down on the chair, amazingly, no drops had escaped her yet, well, that she could tell. She massaged her aching pussy and sat on her heel. The air on her exposed area was still giving her mind the impression that the time to let go was now, and she fought hard to keep those thoughts away.

“I’m not going to pee my pants. I’m not going to pee my pants, I’m not going to-“

@@well, that much was obvious, but whether or not she was going to soak this chair was the real question. She flicked on the TV, hoping to distract from her bursting bladder. Discovery channel was on, and she was gazing at another fucking waterfall.

“Ooooh-“ she quickly changed the channel as she stood up and began dancing out of sheer desperation. She bobbed up and down, with her glorious ass swinging back and forth as she bounded from foot to foot. It was just then when her partner entered the house again.

“hey Izz, I’m back, traffic was a nightmare, and I need to piss like a motherf-“ her voice trailed off as she saw the sorry state her girlfriend was in.

”ohthankgodyourehereimfuckingbursting” Izzy shouted out as tears formed in her eyes, both out of desperation and out of joy.

“Oh you poor thing, let’s make things right” Grey replied with a beaming grin.

They took their desperate mess of a girlfriend to the bathroom once more. Izzy made a mad dash for the toilet, only to feel a strong tug at the back of her shirt.

“Hold on now, I haven’t pissed all day, you’ll get your turn.” Grey pushed her aside and sat down on the toilet. Izzy stared in disbelief as her partner relieved themselves before her very eyes. The sound drove Izzy mad, as she fell to her knees, hands in her crotch and tears in her eyes. The boiling ocean within her couldn’t be contained any longer. After an agonizing eternity, Grey stood up from the toilet, and lifted Izzy to her feet. A string of golden droplets had leaked from her, and she hobbled to the toilet, only to once more be stopped.

“You can sit, but you can’t go”

Izzy sat down on the throne, and crossed her thick legs. She was shaking out of sheer desperation, but she could to it for them. She would prove she was a good girl, she could-

@@pssssssssh

@@the shower roared to life, and Izzy could not take it anymore. She clenched her teeth, crossed her legs, grabbed the bowl in a vice grip, but soon, the drops began falling from her with growing intensity, and with a little poke from her loving partner, the downpour began. Izzy doubled over in relief as an ocean of piss escaped her bladder. After a minute and a half straight, she was finished. Exhausted, she looked up at her partner only to be met with a passionate kiss. “That was the hottest thing anyone’s ever done for me.”

@@izzy smiled back. “Next time we do it together”, and the two would retreat to the bedroom together..

My first try at writing my own fiction, I hope I did a good job

*005*2024-07-05 11:45

Thanks for all the support, I’ll definitely write some more later on, not sure when, but I’ll keep you posted here

*008*2024-07-12 03:55

Part 2, thank you for all the love, I really appreciate the feedback.

Also to clear some confusion: Izzy used she/her pronouns and Grey uses She/They.

About a week after their last little game, Izzy and Grey finally found a day where they could spend some time alone together.

“Remember what I said last week?” Izzy asked as the two sat down for breakfast in the morning. Grey showed a sly smirk as they replied. “Oh, you couldn’t hold your bladder without your panties, so you think I can’t either? You should know by now that you can’t beat me in a contest like that.” Grey said confidently. “Well, then you won’t be afraid to try it out then, would you?” Izzy snapped back playfully, but with a hidden determination. Grey looked the redhead in the eyes. Alright babe, but let’s make it interesting, shall we?”. Grey stood up from the table, finishing her whole glass of orange juice in a single drink. “Whatever I drink, you have to match it, just to make it fair for both of us.” Izzy grinned, and drank her own glass.

Grey then reached their hands to her waist, sliding down their plaid pajama bottoms, revealing their black lace panties. These soon joined her pants on the floor, revealing her slender legs, and shaved pussy. She was the yin to Izzy’s yang, with their slender frame being a perfect compliment to Izzy’s curves. Grey was left wearing nothing but a black t shirt that hung loosely over her thin body, only barely covering her lower half.

@@not to be outdone, Izzy followed suit, dropping her gym shorts to the floor. To Grey’s surprise, she wasn’t wearing anything underneath. Izzy stood, wearing only a blue tank top that did nothing to hide her bottom half. Grey smirked and kissed Izzy on the lips, but held back from teasing her any more, at least for now. “Well well, someone’s eager to start”. Izzy then proposed a kicker for the challenge. “Loser has to go bottomless at the house for a week.” Grey’s smile grew. “You’re on, baby”. Izzy poured two more glasses of water, and the pair got to work on their challenge.

Tick, tock, tick, tock.

An hour later, both had drank their fair share of water. Grey and Izzy sat together on their couch, watching the TV. It was here that the first signs of trouble began to show. Of course, Grey’s idea for a movie was to watch Planet Earth, and particularly an episode about the creatures of the Atlantic Ocean. Izzy watched the rolling waves with disinterest. She even laughed a little that Grey thought this would do anything to her…

@@well, maybe it reminded her a little. A slight tingle from her bladder gave her a reminder that the challenge was going to be a tough one. Grey, for what it was worth, seemed unaffected, sitting upright on the couch with one leg over the other. After a show, the two would drink even more.

Two hours in, and Izzy’s need was becoming noticeable even when she tried to ignore it. Still, she refused to show any signs of weakness in front of her partner. The two had decided to play Minecraft together, still sitting on the couch. Izzy and Grey had been hard at work on their palace for weeks now, and of course, Grey decided that the perfect finishing touch for their world was an elaborate water feature right outside the front door. The sound of water was digging its way into Izzy’s brain, as she found herself moving a little in her seat out of discomfort. Grey remained stoic, even dis interested, as she continued to build up the fountain. Izzy was surprised, Grey was a much smaller person than she was, yet their bladder seemed to be twice the size of hers!

“what’s the matter baby, gotta go?” Grey teased. Izzy scowled back. “I don’t even feel it. I could do this all day”. Grey admired her confidence. And her body. The truth was that Grey was in dire need of a piss. But Izzy could never know that. The key to these things was the mind games. Both against your own bladder and hers. The bladder teasing was a double edged sword, as though Izzy was no doubt feeling her need because of the constant watery reminders, Grey couldn’t escape the pressing demands of their growing bladder. Still, they would press onward.

The game had managed to distract the two from their bladders long enough that by the time they had finished with the house, almost two hours had passed. Now the time had come for some real challenges. The pair stood up together, and Izzy suddenly froze as she stood. Her knees bowing together for a moment. She quickly regained her composure, as Grey’s teasing began. “Oh, looks like someone’s losing it.” Grey would follow her up, with the open air hitting her exposed pussy, she winced slightly, making sure that Izzy didn’t notice. Damn, she was right, this bottomless thing was getting to them…

Two gallon jugs of water sat on the table. Within an hour, both had to be gone. Grey poured glasses of water for the two of them, their eyes fixated on the stream of water filling the cup, and the terrible sound that it made. Izzy turned the tables. “What, is that bothering you, love?”. Izzy by now had begun crossing her legs, and the sway of her hips betrayed the feeling within her bladder. Grey was not faring much better, but they stood stiff, and smiled. “Oh, this?” They said back mockingly, as she began filling the other cup, this time more slowly. Izzy’s expression turned from smugness to discomfort, as the reminder of her need echoed in her mind. “Drink up, my love” As the pair drank the water, Izzy noticed her partner’s knees begin to wobble, and they had began tapping their foot. Izzy, taking her chance, decided to go on the offensive. “Why don’t we take a walk, babe.”

@@“I don’t need to go. I don’t need to go. I don’t need to….oh god”. Grey was careful to not let her thoughts escape her lips as the two walked down their hallway towards their bathroom. As the two reached the doorway, the sight of their toilet, taunting them, was enough to make the pair freeze and stare for a moment. Grey felt a ping from their bladder, and her knees bent inward. Izzy smirked out of victory, only to feel the same sudden urge. “Oooh, how are you feeling now babe?” Izzy snipped at Grey. “F-fine, how about you” she replied, her voice breaking slightly. “I could keep this up for hours-mmmmmff” another spasm hit, and she rushed her hand to her pussy, her bare ass swinging back and forth as she struggled to contain the pressure. Grey would have laughed if the same thing hadn’t happened to her, and for the first time she too joined Izzy in showing open desperation, lifting one leg up and jamming her hands into her exposed crotch. “I-If you think making me stand so close to it is gonna break me, you’re gonna have to do better than that, Izz”.

To prove their point, Grey, mustering all her willpower, walked to the toilet, smiled, and flushed. Staring into Izzy’s eyes, and watching her desperate expression as the sound of denied relief filled the air. Izzy once again doubled over in desperation, and audibly let out a moan. Grey, not immune to their own tricks, crossed her legs and bounced up and down as the toilet began refilling itself. Izzy, filled with spite now, turned on the sink, filling up a small cup of water. She poured into the contents into the bowl, pressing one hand into her crotch. The sound became too much to bear, and Grey soon broke. She pushed past Izzy and returned to the living room.

@@for the brief moment they were left alone, Grey pressed their hand into their crotch, lifting her slender leg up and pushing her thighs together. She knew that there wasn’t much time left. Their bare ass pushed out of their baggy shirt as she bowed over, fighting the growing sea of piss within her bladder, and balancing themself on the wall. It was then that she felt a firm smack on her ass. Grey gasped and jammed both hands into her pussy as she darted around. Izzy stood, dancing back and forth, and a glorious smile gracing her face.

“Oh, that’s cheating you bitch!” Grey said, half teasingly, half seriously. Izzy laughed, but soon stifled it, as her bladder spasmed. Grey reached over, pressing their hand into the bladder of their lover. Izzy once again doubled over and moaned. A few drops escaped her bladder as she struggled to regain her composure. “Ahhhh, I think we’re even now, yea?” Grey nodded. “Y-yeah”. The two decided to sit down on chairs, sitting across from eachother, their eyes locked in a staring contest. Their bottomless desperation had almost reached a breaking point. Izzy bounced in her chair, her legs crossed tight, hiding her bulging bladder. Grey sat on their heel, and rocked back and forth, focused entirely on beating back the inevitable flood. Neither would be the one to first admit defeat.

“Let’s watch something, t-take the edge off,” suggested Grey. “Whatever you-unhh-say.” Izzy said, gritting her teeth. Grey would put on a nice YouTube video. A guide to the world’s largest waterfalls. The raging streams on the TV took their toll on the bottomless pair, as Izzy squirmed and bit her lip. Grey for that matter began rocking even faster, their bladder would not last much longer. Why wouldn’t Izzy just quit already? Was being without panties this bad for her holding capacity? The paid would continue staring at eachother, until finally Izzy would stand. “I can’t fucking take it anymore!” She darted to the bathroom. Grey would have smirked, if she could focus on anything but the massive sea within their bladder.

Grey soon made their own way to the bathroom, witnessing Izzy fall onto her knees before the toilet, and crying out in anguish as a golden stream fell from her. Soon, the bathroom floor was soaked in urine. The sight of their girlfriend’s relief send a massive spasm though Grey’s body as she danced desperately to fight the flood from escaping. Izzy stood up, relieved, and faced her partner. “Well, you win. Are you happy?” Grey didn’t respond, and only rushed to the toilet. Izzy blocked her path, holding Grey back from the relief that was only seconds away.

“N-no, I-I can’t, I-“ Grey couldn’t wait any longer. Spurts of pee escaped their bladder, soon forming into a torrential downpour, adding to the mess made by their partner. Grey fell to the floor. And took a moment to regain their footing.

“Wow”. Grey had nothing else to say. The two engaged in a passionate kiss, and Izzy smiled. “I guess you won, baby, no more bottoms for a week”. Grey looked up and down at their girlfriend’s curves, and smiled. “Let’s do this again sometime”.

I might write more in the future but this is all I have for now. I am open to feedback and suggestions for future stories. Also, if you do art, take this story as a chance to get some inspiration for more bottomless desperation stuff. I hardly see it on here and I think it’s a sorely lacking subject area.

*010*2024-08-12 02:39

Thinking of doing another installment but I am kinda running dry on ideas. Suggestions are welcome!

