Bathtime Goings

Author: TopCat31

*000*2024-08-01 17:37

A little short story of some long term characters. Mainly to test a new story format. Writing long stories on here directly on my phone is difficult. So there's a downloadable txt file and the story so people can enjoy offline and online as they choose 🙂

Emma was relaxing in a, much needed, hot bubble bath. Well, a former bubble bath, she'd been lying there a while and almost all the bubbles had gone. Emma raised herself up and opened a draw next to the bath, revealing underwater themed Lego sets.

Reaching in she pulled out a fishing boat and a big squid, along with a 2nd police boat. She began playing out a jaws like story losing herself in the game. Emma had a stressful week at work and it lifted her soul to just be playing in the bath like a kid again, despite being 32, it just calmed her.

Suddenly a knock on the door echoed through the room causing her to jump. She looked seeing Grace's head poking round the door. "You still in here?" Grace said with a playful tone obviously not requiring an answer. Emma nodded enthusiastically pleased to see her "probably a bit too long, gone pruney" holding up her hand as proof.

Grace smiled, now standing in the fully open door in her work clothes, "But it's good you're having fun, wouldn't worry, as long as it's still warm". Emma slid back into the water "yep still warm. You just got home?" she said gently swirling the water. Grace smiled "yeah, mind if I use the facilities?" asking gently but stepping towards the toilet. Emma slid further into the water so her mouth was under but not her nose and shook her head with a playful smile.

Emma sat up and went back to her game, as Grace dropped her work trousers, purple heart thong and sat down on the toilet. As she watched Emma play Grace felt her bladder empty, enjoying not only the sense of relief, but also the openness between herself and Emma.

Grace must have needed to go more than she thought as her pee continued to jet out between her legs. The bathroom fan covered the noise, not that either of the girls would have minded but was glad it wasn't disturbing Emma's game. As it felt like she'd finished, Grace looked between her legs to check she wasn't still dripping.

As she wasn't, Grace hopped off the toilet without wiping and knelt next to the bath "looks like fun in there" she said looking down at the Lego in the water. Emma giggled "You can play too" opening the draw containing the Lego. Grace selected an Octan dive boat with some divers and placed it in the water. "Emma this water's cold! Should probably get you out" she put her Lego boat on the counter top. Emma put her boats on the side too but sinks back into the water "Just a little longer"

Grace speaking sternly "M&M, you've got until I get you a towel" standing up and leaving the room. Emma repositioned herself into a horizontal squat position under the water but her knees bent up out of the water. A stream of bubbles escaped from her bottom causing her to giggle coupled with a feeling of relief.

Being truthful Emma had had a bath because her tummy felt slightly off, like a trapped wind kinda feeling, so she thought that the hot water might help. She'd been in nearly an hour and the water did help her cramps it hadn't released any of the gas. It was a great relief finally getting it out.

Grace walked back in holding a fresh pink towel, seeing Emma still emitting a steady stream of bubbles from her bum, giggled at the sight. This reaction caused Emma to giggle more, which caused more bubbles. Controlling herself Grace opened the towel "Right young lady, out cha get". She cut herself off when she saw a yellow cloud emanating from between Emma's legs. Emma let out a sigh as the yellow cloud grew and the bubbles stopped.

"That won't warm up the water y'know?" Grace said. Emma replied "Not really but I needed that". Grace quipped back "Looks like you need to drink more too". Emma replied equally quickly but with a gentler tone "Why not curl up with a new series and popcorn and pizza". Grace thought for a moment "sounds good, something Viking, going through a Viking phase". Emma nodded, standing up and stepping out of the bath into Grace's embrace with a soft warm towel.

Bathtime Goings.txt

