Equestria Girls Short Stories

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-11-16 01:42

Just a few short stories I came up with based on characters from the Equestria Girls movies. Nothing special, and probably not my highest quality stories, but people don't seem as fussy about that here as they do on fimfiction.

Chapter 1: Rarity's Secret Wetting

Rarity was walking with her friends in the woods, at 10:00 in the morning, on a summer day. However, she could not shake the feeling that she had forgotten something today. She couldn't think of what. She had done her hair, put on her eyeliner and nail polish, and had her breakfast, with a cup of coffee, as well as a cup of tea.

After ten minutes of walking, admiring the scenery, and talking about their favorite subjects, Rarity suddenly remembered - she had not used the bathroom all day. So focused on everything else she hadn't even taken her morning pee.

But, she hadn't had that much to drink last night and was sure she could hold it. She was even able to hide any signs of discomfort.

About fifteen minutes later, Rarity started to become more uncomfortable.

"How much longer are we going to walk for?" said Rarity.

"To the other side of the forest and back," said Twilight Sparkle.

By the time they were backtracking, it had been forty minutes. They had often stopped whenever Fluttershy was looking at some sort of animal in there, or Twilight wanted to study something.

Rarity really needed to go now. Her coffee and tea had caught up to her and filled up her bladder even more.

"Uuuhhhhhh..." Rarity groaned, stopping walking to cross her legs.

"Are you all right Rarity?" said Sunset Shimmer.

"I... I need to use the bathroom," said Rarity.

"You should have gone before we came here," said Rainbow Dash.

"Are there any outhouses in this forest?"

"You'll either have to hold it or go behind a tree," said Twilight.

"I can hold it," said Rarity.

Ten minutes later she was even more desperate, sweating slightly from holding it in. How embarrassing it would be to pee in her dress in front of all her friends.

"I can't hold it anymore!" Rarity ran behind a tree. She squatted down, hiked up her skirt, and, rather than pull her purple panties down outside, started to pee through them. "Ahhhhhh..." she sighed as she soaked her underwear, feeling the immense relief and secretly liking the warm release. Her stream passed through her panties and dripped to the ground under her.

Once she finished peeing, she stood back up and rejoined the other girls. Her panties were soaking wet but her skirt and legs were dry.

"Feel better?" said Fluttershy.

"Much better," said Rarity. None of the others had any idea she had just peed in her panties. Except Applejack, she seemed to notice a smell, and Rarity blushed every time Applejack sniffed in Rarity's direction (she was standing right next to her), but Applejack didn't say anything, much to Rarity's relief.

Chapter 2: Pinkie Pie Warms Herself Up

It was winter, and Pinkie Pie was playing in the snow, because it had snowed a lot last night.

For no apparent reason other than she was Pinkie Pie, today she was dressed in her summer outfit - A white and pink T-shirt, and short, tight jean shorts. Fluttershy, who was walking in the neighborhood and dressed for winter, couldn't understand why, but she knew Pinkie always did weird things and thought it was a little funny.

It was cold, but Pinkie didn't mind at first, she was just having fun.

Then she cannonballed into a big pile of snow. When she came out, she was feeling extremely cold, and was shivering hard.

Suddenly, she felt she needed to pee really badly. This is what she got for drinking ten bottles of soda at once.

Her first instinct would be to go into her house and get to a bathroom. But, she was colder than she'd ever been in her life.

She signed in relief and satisfaction as she began peeing, soaking her jean shorts. The warmth felt so good on her crotch and her legs. She stopped shivering five seconds in.

Fluttershy was watching. "Oh my," she said, thinking Pinkie was accidentally peeing herself from the cold. After Pinkie finished peeing, Fluttershy took her into her house, and filled the bathtub with hot water. "Here's a bath for you."

Pinkie had been feeling a little chilly ever since she finished wetting herself, though nowhere near as cold as before. So she jumped into the tub without even undressing. Fluttershy was a little relieved at this, she would have been a little too embarrassed to see her naked.

Pinkie let out another sigh of satisfaction at the heat of the bath. "Maybe I should dress for winter next time."

"That would be wonderful," said Fluttershy.

Pinkie farted in the tub, and blushed lightly, but Fluttershy only giggled.

Chapter 3: Rainbow Snowpants

Meanwhile, Rainbow Dash was racing Applejack downhill on skis. She was dressed for winter, with a dark blue winter coat and snowpants. Due to her athleticism she was wearing her usual black compression shorts under her snowpants.

"I win again!" said Rainbow Dash when she reached the bottom of the hill.

"One day I'm gonna win," said Applejack, who was wearing a red winter coat and jeans.

"Maybe if you have as many energy drinks as me."

"Ah did. Speakin' of which, ah have to go to the bathroom."

Once Applejack came out of the bathroom, Rainbow said "One more race!" She was feeling an urge to pee too, but was sure she could hold it for one more race. She was fast enough, after all.

"You're on," said Applejack.

However, the ski lift stalled on the way up.

"Oh come on!" said Rainbow Dash.

Half an hour went by. It wasn't too cold out, but Rainbow was uncomfortable for other reasons. She crossed her legs and fidgeted hard, the many energy drinks she had drank having gone through her. In this time she had jumped from a regular urge to pee, to being in desperate need for a bathroom.

"Hurry it up!" said Rainbow, fidgeting harder and holding herself. "I have to pee, REAL bad!"

"Ah'm sure they're doin' whatever they can to fix it," said Applejack.

Twenty minutes later, Rainbow was squirming harder, and crossing her legs tighter, feeling the pee sloshing around inside her. "Seriously! I REALLY need to go!"

"It shouldn't be much longer," said Applejack. "But think of how beautiful it's gonna be when the snow melts. There'll be water dripping off the trees, and puddles of water everywhere."

Rainbow Dash was feeling more uncomfortable, feeling as though the pressure in her bladder had just doubled.

"Streams of water, and the rushing sound of rivers, and waterfalls. And in spring, there's gonna be lots of rain. Thousands of raindrops pattering on every surface, and splashing into big puddles everywhere. Then the sound of Pinkie Pie splashing around in them as the rain soaks her through..."

"STOP!" said Rainbow, feeling a bit of pee leak into her shorts. "That's not funny!"

"You thought it was damn funny when you did it to me," said Applejack. "Thank heavens you were the only other one there, cause ah didn't make it, if you recall. Ah soaked mah jean shorts through, and waterfalls of pee were gushin' down mah legs. Even though it was a hot summer day ah still took half an hour to dry off. Though ah still smelled like pee until ah could get home, take a shower, and change. That shower was so darn sweet. The warm water washin' the pee smell off me and flowin' down the drain..."

Rainbow couldn't hold it any longer. She let out a whimper as she peed in her snowpants. Applejack could hear a loud hissing noise and grinned smugly. Rainbow blushed with embarrassment as her shorts became drenched, and the inside of her snowpants became saturated with pee. She peed so hard and so long that soon a wet spot appeared on the crotch of her snowpants, and a puddle grew under her butt.

"Now we're even," said Applejack.

Rainbow Dash was still peeing when the lift started up again.

"Oh come on!" she said.

She finished wetting herself just before they reached the top, and she easily won her last race against Applejack.

"Good game," said Applejack, holding out her hand and not wanting to be too hard on her.

Rainbow hesitated, and shook Applejack's hand. Who was she to hold a grudge when she had put Applejack through the exact same thing? Now she knew how it felt - and a part of her had enjoyed it a little.

"Let's go home now," said Rainbow Dash. "I need to shower and change."

Chapter 4: Sunset's Wet Pajamas

The girls were having a sleepover at Rainbow Dash's house. After having lots of fun, they all went to sleep in their sleeping bags.

Sunset woke up at midnight, really needing to pee. She had drank more cider than Rainbow Dash tonight.

She was so cozy in her sleeping bag and her soft, purple pajamas that she didn't want to get up at first. She tried to get back to sleep, sure that she could hold it until morning. But, another jolt from her bladder told her she would burst if she stayed where she was.

So she quietly got out of her sleeping bag, trying not to wake any of the other girls, and tiptoed towards the nearest bathroom.

She heard a loud sound outside and nearly lost it, and breathed a sigh of relief when she realized that it was an owl.

She knew the house well enough to know where the bathroom was in the dark. Holding herself with one hand, she walked a little faster towards the bathroom, reaching for the door handle with her other hand.

Suddenly the door swung open and Pinkie Pie stood in the doorway.

The sudden light of the bathroom, as well as the suddenness of Pinkie opening the door startled Sunset. With a cry of surprise she fell on her butt, and could feel the crotch of her pajamas getting warmer and wetter by the second.

"Oops, sorry Sunset," said Pinkie. "I really needed to pee, and once I was done, I was examining my pants to see if they were wet from leaking a few times on the way up. They're a little damp, but, I don't mind too much!"

Sunset moaned as she continued peeing, the wetness soaking her crotch and butt, and the carpet under her.

Pinkie couldn't help but giggle, and Sunset blushed.

Once she finished peeing, she remained in a sitting position, ashamed beyond belief.

"Don't worry Sunny," said Pinkie. "I promise I'll never tell! Besides, I peed myself all the way once! Fluttershy totally saw that but she never told anyone. And I may have enjoyed it a little too much. Oh yeah, and last week when we were going for a walk in the park and I ran to the bathroom? I may have left my underwear up when I was sitting on the toilet and peeing. And I left my wet panties on even after changing into my pajamas for the night, and peed in them again before I showered next morning. I already peed in them once, so why not?"

Sunset felt a bit better as she stood up, the crotch and butt of her pajama pants soaked.

"Do you have a change of pajamas?" said Sunset.

"Nope!" said Pinkie, slapping Sunset's butt lightly. "You get back to bed. I'll clean the carpet."

Sunset had to crawl back in her sleeping bag in her wet pants. But, she was able to get to sleep quickly. When she woke up next morning her pants were still damp, and smelled of urine, but she had gotten over the embarrassment of it. Pinkie kept the other girls distracted until Sunset could change.

It sounded as though Pinkie thought it was fun to pee herself. And, some part of Sunset could understand why... Maybe once she got home she'd do a little experiment before washing her pajamas...

*002*2017-11-16 02:08

That actually turned out better than I thought it would.

And I know I won't get any dislikes here for being about omorashi, since that's what this site is about.

*005*2017-11-16 03:01

{{20 minutes ago, sporty-omo said:

Not good quality. You have to be kidding. They’re great. I especially loved the Rainbow Dash 1. Very comical. Great job

}}

Wow. Thanks. I don't often get comments like that, even among the positive comments. I'm used to comments on fimfiction about the quality being too low, even among people who like or don't mind fetish/omorashi stories. But, here stories like this seem to be better received.

*007*2017-11-16 05:19

I'm really not used to getting nothing but positive comments for my stories.

Or getting more than one view for my stories here.

@Manowar

I did seem to put more into that story.

*009*2017-11-16 19:57

I did one on fimfiction.net. I'll post it here

Here it is

*011*2018-02-23 06:37

{{2 hours ago, rayden said:

More please

}}

More for Equestria Girls or just more stories in general?

Maybe later

*013*2018-03-04 22:56

@rayden

Well, I wrote a new Sunset story, I hope that can help satisfy your need for more

Here's the link

, even though it's still on the front page of the forum

*014*2018-03-04 23:02

Also, I wrote another story about her as well, this time needing to pee while wearing several layers of clothing. I just can't get enough of fetishizing her. Must be her butt, she's got a very nice butt.

And another focusing in more detail on her desperation leading up to the ending.

Here's one for Rainbow Dash desperate to pee while wearing her swim shorts. She's another of my favorites.

Here's a holding contest between the Equestria Girls

.

And here's one for Rainbow Dash, Rarity, Pinkie Pie, and Aria Blaze.

(If you ever want to find a certain character in a story, type their name in the searchbar, making sure it's selected Topics or the Fanfiction forum. Of course you'll only find them if anything's been written about them, but that's how I found all these)

*016*2018-04-18 21:34

Yeah, I don't fetishize her much but I did describe it pretty vividly for anyone who is interested, and she does interest me a bit when she's wearing jean shorts, though they'd have to be tighter than in Legend of Everfree.

Thanks for liking the stories. (If you ever want to read more EqG stories, maybe type it in a searchbar, just make sure it has "Topics" selected and not "status updates", and type in either Equestria Girls or the character you're looking for)

