Anna's bet

Author: Themaster258

*000*2019-04-28 23:47

Let me continue by turning more and more characters in a fandom into degenerates.

“At this rate you will be half-coffee, half-dragon in a few hours,” I said as I watched Anna down her sixth cup of steaming hot coffee.

Her eyes narrowed and her teeth blinked at me before she slammed the empty cup back on the table. “If you had even half the workload I managed yesterday, you would be too,” she hissed. “No. You wouldn’t even be done and sitting here waiting for the results, you’d still be trying to reconfigure the analyzer,” she said and raised her hand to order yet another cup.

Surely Anna had only agreed to this date because her analyzer hadn’t finished. Or because she enjoyed spending time with me, but she would never admit that. Maybe a mix of the two, her work always came first. So far this hadn’t been a date, but more of a mutual venting about work and angry coffee consumption, which in my eyes wasn’t a date at all.

“We should go somewhere different than the cafe,” I said as the waiter brought Anna’s seventh cup of coffee. She turned to stare blankly out of the window and ignored my question. I took a sip from my second cup of coffee. How Anna drank the equivalent of a whole weeks worth in a few minutes remained a mystery to me, especially since she wasn’t that much bigger than me.

“Somewhere else?” she asked, still motionlessly staring at the busy outside world, “On a Monday afternoon?” She turned back to face me. “And anyway, everywhere else is missing something crucial to me,” she said.

My mouth turned to a crooked smile. “Don’t worry about that, I’ll buy you a coffee to go.”

The hint of a smile played across her face, a first for today. “I am talking about the bathrooms, not even more coffee.”

I laughed. I should not have done that. Every hint of the earlier smile vanished and gave way to a dismissive stare.

“Oh yes, don’t mind me with my normal sleeping schedule and second cup of coffee,” she said and pointed at me. She shook her head and then emptied her new cup in a single go. Small clouds of steam curled up from her throat as she sat the cup back down. “Of course I have to piss like a doped flyer after downing seven cups of coffee you-,” she swallowed the last word of the sentence and reclined in her chair with a long sigh instead. “It was a long night at work,” she admitted in a calmer and more collected manner, “And waiting for the results makes me uncomfortable. It could be a life-changing discovery or just a string of numbers and letters meaning nothing at all.”

Anna worked too much and with too little breaks, no wonder she was always on edge. Talking to her was like running through a minefield while blindfolded and with two peg legs. But behind all of that I saw her other, more private, self. She kept it hidden behind her dismissive attitude and tendency to drown herself in her work instead. I just had to barge through the minefield first.

“All the more reason to go outside. It’s warm and sunny, so stop making excuses about bathrooms. You’ll work better when you are relaxed for once,” I said. “You should be careful though, you might catch some fun.” Her left eyebrow twitched in annoyance, or in caffeine-induced hyperactivity.

She didn’t answer me but grabbed a pen and napkin instead. Her hand slid across the napkin faster than I ever could. I tried to see what she worked on, but only got as far as seeing a few numbers that made little sense to me.

“I hate you, you know that? Stop persuading me to do things. But yes, let’s have some fun,” she said with a dangerously happy voice and crumpled the napkin to a pulp in her hand. “Life’s too short to not try something different once in a while, wouldn’t you agree? First you have to visit the bathroom or it would not be fair,” she added before I could even answer.

“Should I be afraid?” I asked as I gestured for the waiter.

“Depends on who wins,” she smiled and headed to the bathroom herself.

Adine arrived with the bill. “You should consider buying a whole can the next time,” she giggled and produced the bill; Coffee was expensive. “They are cheaper, although I guess it doesn’t matter too much to the human ambassador.”

I thanked her as I left and followed Anna’s advise to head to the bathroom myself. Not that I would’ve done any different before leaving. The two cups of coffee had done their part.

Heading back into the cafe, Anna was already waiting outside and tapping her feet. She gestured for me to follow. A part of my mind spelled out the word ‘Danger’ in huge red letters. After back alley dates and slaughtering sheep I was sure she was capable of anything if she wanted to. When Anna had decided on something you never knew what you got into and I loved her for that.

“Can I inquire about what you have in mind?” I asked.

“You can, but you can also follow me and figure it out yourself for once,” she said.

I shrugged and continued down the street. There was no point in asking her further questions. A few minutes later we stopped in front of a grocery store.

“Wait here,” she said and headed inside.

I did as instructed and stood alone in the middle of the rather busy street. A few weeks earlier I would’ve fled inside after her to hide from the eyes of all the passerby’s. But now I barely noticed them. I caught glimpses of red scales through the windows and after a few minutes, Anna returned with two heavy water bottles in her hands.

She shoved one of them into my arms. “Drink,” she commanded. I eyed the label and unopened top.

“It’s water,” she said, “So drink. All of it.”

The bottle held a good two liters of water, there was no way I could drink that in one go and why would I. Anna’s eyes told me that she would force feed me the bottle if I didn’t. She herself had nearly finished hers.

I opened the water bottle. “This is about me making fun of the bathroom isn’t it?” I asked and started to chug water. The water had room temperature and a strong plastic aftertaste, but under her hard gaze I managed to empty a quarter before I had to stop for a deep breath.

“Should I congratulate you for figuring out the obvious?” she asked.

“Yes, please,” I said sarcastically before continuing to swallow ungodly amounts of water. I knew this would end badly, we’d be on the hunt for a bathroom the rest of the afternoon and the coffee from earlier was already making itself comfortable in my bladder.

Anna watched me, without breaking eye contact, until I had downed the whole bottle.

“Now let’s see how much fun we can catch before one of us gives up or embarrasses himself in front of the whole town,” Anna said and gestured for me to lead us anywhere I wanted.

She thought she could prove a point by having me give up first. I would not give her that satisfaction, not after I had agreed to this stupid bet. I could’ve said no at any point, but I was pretty stubborn too.

My cockiness lasted until we reached the park thirty minutes later. I could feel my bladder resting heavy in my lower body. Looking at Anna, she showed not a single sign of desperation. But on the outside, neither did I.

“Well how about that coffee to-go?” Anna asked with a smile.

“A big one of course,” I said. I would win, even If I did feel my bladder filling with every step I took. Anna had downed so much more coffee than I did, there was no way she could hold on longer than me.

We walked through the park, sipping our coffee as slow as we could. Our conversations were a lot more pleasant after our focus shifted to not showing any signs of distress. I did my best to keep my steps straight and body relaxed. Anna’s steps however were a little off and I could see a small bulge forming on her lower belly.

“You do realize that you look like a pervert, staring like that?” Anna said.

“Don’t think I didn’t notice your eyes on me,” I said, “Too bad I’m wearing clothes right? How close am I to winning?”

She snorted. “Winning? We barely started. But, maybe, maybe we can continue this somewhere a little more interesting.”

Anna was desperate, I knew it. She never repeated herself like that. She was nervous and I was winning. An ice-cold needle struck my tiring bladder muscles as soon as the thought of being in the lead grazed my mind. I focused on not grabbing myself until the feeling passed.

“Somewhere a little more interesting?” I asked after I regained my composure, “What do you have in mind?”

“I could go for a movie. Sitting for two hours, having a big soda,” she said and grinned at me.

She was bluffing, so I accepted. “I haven’t seen any of your movies yet. Let’s go.” I grabbed her arm and turned around.

She resisted me and stopped. “There aren’t any good movies on right now. But, my apartment is a ten minute walk from here,” she said, reversed my grip and started to drag me towards her apartment.

My bladder yelled and throbbed at the rhythmic hell that were dragon sized stairs. They were that little higher and wider than human equivalents but that small difference was enough to drive me and my bladder mad. She did this on purpose I figured as we walked past the elevator doors, but I was winning this contest. Every step she took was followed by a little, barely noticeable shiver and her normally motionless tail twitched left and right. But she tried her best to hide it.

Her apartment was a sight to behold. Modern, with big windows overlooking the town and every piece of furniture looked like a strange designer piece. Only a lab coat thrown over a black kitchen chair showed that someone actually lived here. There was no personal touch to any of it, no pictures, no magazines or catalogs. Looking around a little more I spotted a display case with various awards and trophies. But it all felt as sterile as a holiday home.

“You are the first person to ever step inside of my apartment other than the maid,” Anna said and locked the entrance door behind us.

“Knowing you I would’ve expected a cave in the mountains,” I said and stared at the skyline.

“A cave doesn’t have a coffee machine,” she said and dragged me away from the window towards the wide orange sofa in front of a giant flat screen. She picked up the TV remote and threw it at me.

“You don’t keep much stuff around, do you?” I asked.

She stopped in front of the TV, her eyes darting towards another room. “You haven’t seen my bedroom. I don’t really use this apartment for much else. Now give me a minute,” she said and stepped into another room.

As soon as she had left I pressed my hands into my crotch to ease the tension. The first beads of sweat had formed on my face and my underwear had a tiny wet spot from the horror that was the staircase. The ocean inside me threatened to blew my dam wide open with every passing minute.

I only noticed Anna’s return as a cold metal bracelet closed around my wrist with a click. I turned in terror and saw Anna handcuffing me to the wooden armrest with a futuristic looking pair of handcuffs. She than sat down on the other end of the sofa and did the same to her left arm.

She smiled as if she had won and threw a tiny remote controller at me. “This will release the handcuffs and brand you the loser. And if you dare to violate the virtue of my expensive sofa I’ll have your skin,” she said.

I fumbled with the handcuffs. They were real and I was about to lose it. Cold beads of sweat sat on my neck. I turned back to her. She looked fine at the first glance. Did she cheat when she stepped into that other room for a second?

Anna grabbed the TV remote I was still holding onto. She zapped through the various channels until she had found something horrible; an ocean documentary. She slumped down on the sofa with her legs spread wide open as if nothing bothered her. Not even my glances, she wore no pants after all.

“Why do you own two pairs of handcuffs?” I asked and wiggled my cuffed arm as if to wave to keep my mind off the massive amounts of clear blue water shown on the flat screen.

“Because I am into hardcore bondage,” she answered with a straight face. I played with the thought in my head. It wouldn’t be too far fetched. But right now I would’ve picked any thought that would keep me distracted from my bursting bladder. The red button on the remote labeled release allured me in more ways than one. “Our lab designed these prototypes for the police but they never used them. So I took them.”

“Are you sure it’s not the former? You are drooling,” I said. Anna wiped her mouth with her free hand and noticed that she wasn’t. “You are a pervert,” she stated and clenched her legs together. Maybe because of shame, but I doubted that. She only pretended to be winning.

“Coming from the one who seems to enjoy this,” I said and swallowed the last word as a spurt of hot liquid soaked into my underwear. Than another. Not like this, I couldn’t lose right now. I clenched my muscles with all my willpower that I could muster and the spurts stopped, if just for a few more seconds.

Anna tried to hide her predicament, but I noticed and couldn’t help but enjoy it. I felt a familiar heat and pressure rising in my pants as I watched Anna’s near silent squirming. I really was a pervert.

A numbness spread in my lower belly. I’d wet myself on her couch in a few seconds and I knew. My hands were shaking and my muscles burned as they tried to keep the flood inside, but a new spurt found it’s way into my pants and it didn’t stop. More and more drops made their way past my sphincter as the numbness took over. By now the spot was clearly visible to me. Anna hadn’t spotted it yet.

It was too late and I pressed the button. With a metallic click the handcuffs unlocked. “I win,” Anna said and rubbed her two free arms together. Her face twisted in pleasure or pain as she moved off the sofa. Judging by her shaking legs she was close to her limit too. But that didn’t matter anymore, I had lost the bet.

“Release me, or your, sofa-” I watched in blank horror as Anna threw her remote into the kitchen with the flick of her wrist. “Whoops,” she said and smiled.

“You bitch,” I said through clenched teeth and stifled a laugh. “You planned this didn’t you?” I pulled at the handcuffs to no avail as my bladder failed me.

Anna stepped up to me with a never before seen grin on her face. “Was this not the kind of fun you were talking about?” she asked and her hand slid up my shirt and onto my bladder. She did not add any pressure, but instead moved her hand up and down my belly.

The only warning I got was a flicker in her eyes. Her hand pressed down on my rock hard bladder and I yelled out in surprise as a torrent of piss shot into my pants. My bladder screamed in pain as every last fraction of resistance was wiped from my muscles. I gave into the blissful feeling of relief, stuck in a never ending relaxed outcry.

I felt as the puddle crept up my back and down my legs. The warmth was equally disgusting and the best feeling in the world and it continued to spread even as a curious dragons hand reached down into my pants. The monotone sound changed from a patter against heavy fabric to the dull thud of my powerful stream hitting her hand. She didn’t remove her hand, but pushed and directed my stream into different directions inside of my pants. Her other hand stroked her own private area. Her playful eyes watched my squirm at the touch of her hand and her tongue slowly crossed over her lips.

After a minute of pure bliss my stream died down and I slumped down in exhaustion. My damp clothes clung to me and grew colder by the second. I had lost to her.

Her face twisted to a wicked grin. “Do not think I’m done with you,” Anna said. She jumped onto the sofa and positioned herself above me.

“Anna?” I asked. Her legs spread further apart and revealed her quivering privates to me. She grabbed me by my shoulders and stared me straight in the eye.

“Anna!” I yelled. She smiled as the tension faded from her face. “AnAHHH” A slight trickle hit my pants but then her stream became a raging river pelting against my stomach. The acrid smell hit my nose and pictures flashed through my mind, pictures that could not be mine. Fuzzy and blurred like they were I could make out a yellow shape and the same smell. I was dragged back to my unfortunate reality as Anna aimed a little higher and her stream drummed against my panting chest. Wet and hot the puddle pooled on top of my shirt. Her face was stuck between pure bliss and a victorious smile. Her grip on my shoulders lightened with every second.

“Ohh,” Anna moaned, “I soo needed this.” Her stream died down and with a jerk the last spurt shot straight past my head, over the sofa and onto the floor.

Anna collapsed on my body. She was heavy, but somehow not as heavy as I had expected. She trapped the heat and puddle between our two bodies and purred softly. Her backside wiggled against my privates. I could not remember the last time I was this aroused and Anna noticed with a playful grin.

“Pervert,” she whispered and got back up on her shaking legs.

“You are a bad girl Anna,” I said as she turned around and offered me a great view.

She laughed. “We’ve barely started and we got the whole night. Sleep is overrated anyways.”

“We’ve got coffee for that,” I said. My free hand brushed over the drenched sofa. “But I think we ruined your sofa.”

“Who cares about the sofa, I have something better to sit on,” she said and lowered her private area onto my face.

“Anna-” My words were muffled as I talked into her privates. A low moan escaped her as our lips met. I would not have thought that today would end like this. None of this would go in any record of mine, ever. “Stop talking and enjoy your share of fun. It’s a rare treat,” she said and struggled to remove my belt.

