First Times

Author: TwinsEssence

*000*2014-07-21 08:17

“... an' then Mr. Richards said we were gonna go to the countryside for summer vacation! An' then he said we could – o-oh,” Aren paused, gasping softly, blue eyes immediately darting to the floor.

Kyle raised an eyebrow, licking the popsicle slowly. “We could what? What'd he say?”

They were chatting in the kitchen, Kyle enjoying a popsicle and Aren holding a juice box in his hands. But now, Aren had abruptly stopped in the middle of a sentence, and Kyle thought he heard a very faint sound in the otherwise silent area.

“Uhm,” the younger boy stammered, tugging at the bottom of his red overalls. He placed the near-empty juice box on the counter, biting his bottom lip gently. He seemed embarrassed—his cheeks were flushed red and he was fidgeting. Kyle was beyond confused. “J-jus' a sec.. uhm.. I'll be right back!”

Before could react, Aren had fled the kitchen. Well, more like waddled. Kyle had a sneaking suspicion (once the full situation dawned on the thirteen year old) what was going on, but he waited for a few moments, enjoying his cherry flavoured popsicle. His little pink tongue swirled around the sides before he chomped down. Minutes went by, still no sign of Aren, and Kyle's popsicle was all gone. Tossing the stick in the trash, he brushed his bangs out of his eyes as he made his way up the stairs. He shared a room with Aren, after Mr. Richards had realized their separate home situations. It wasn't actually legally official, but his mother could care less. She only cared about him when he brought home some money or food or something she needed for her shady jobs in the evenings. He sort of missed his little trailer home, but at least in this place he knew he was safe from his mother's wrath.

Peering into the bedroom, Kyle's eyebrow once again raised as he watched Aren unbuckling (it seemed he had been struggling for those minutes Kyle had spent waiting downstairs) his overalls, letting them drop to the floor. And ah, there it was.

“Geez, yer soaked,” he said smoothly, making his way into the room. Aren squeaked, jumping and turning around to face his bully-turned-friend. Involuntarily, he let out a little spurt of pee into his already soaked pull-up. He tried tugging his blue shirt down, chewing on his bottom lip nervously again.

“I-it—I—I didn't even know I had t'go, honest!” came his feeble response. Kyle just chuckled and shook his head.

“Can't even trust ya with a box'a juice.”

“Buh-but—!”

“Shut it.” Kyle had already turned to get out the baby bag. He hadn't ever done this by himself, but he could just imagine the look on Mr. Richards face when he got home and saw his great work. Maybe he'd even be so impressed that he'd be convinced Kyle wasn't a little kid and certainly did not need to wear pull-ups on car rides. Certainly did not. Only crybaby twelve year old Aren needed those.

(Completely ignoring the fact that he, too, needed a bed mat and goodnites.)

Spreading the mat out on the floor, he pointed a sleeve covered finger before he knelt down, rolling up his sleeves to rummage through the bag. Aren, unsure about this, but growing more uncomfortable by second as the soggy pull-up sagged and squished and threaten to leak, he lay down on the mat.

“Y-ya haven't done this before.. not by yourself,” he said quietly.

Kyle shrugged, pulling down the blue, cloud patterned pull-up and tossing it into the garbage. “Yeh. But I've watched Mr. Richards do it tons of times. An' I've helped him before too. So I know what I'm doin'.”

He pulled out two wipes, doing his best to clean Aren's bottom and his little peen. He flicked it once, giggling at the whine Aren made. Tossing the wipes away, he looked into the bag for a few moments. He pushed some things aside, mouth pulling into a frown as he tried to remember what step was next. Did he just put the pull-up on now, or was there another step? He didn't want to miss something and have Aren be uncomfortable. They were friends now, for the most part. And he also didn't want Mr. Richards to be disappointed at his failure.

“Uhm.. b-baby powder's next,” Aren said helpfully, pointing to the baby powder in the bag.

“I knew that,” Kyle replied with an embarrassed huff, grabbing the small bottle and twisting the top open. He squeezed it, a large puff of baby powder landing on Aren's bottom, his peen, his thighs, the mat, and even Kyle's pants. “.. uh. Was that supposed to happen?”

Aren pushed himself up a bit, gazing down at himself, at Kyle. “Maybe you squeezed it too hard.”

With another huff, Kyle twisted the top closed and dropped it back into the bag. He dusted off his pants and wiped it off Aren's thighs. He definitely knew what was next. Pull-up time! Easiest part.

There were four boxes of pull-ups. Two for Aren and two for him. Aren's were all pink or blue, and his were all purple or green. With a smirk, he pulled out a pink pull-up with a butterfly pattern and slipped it onto the boy in front of him. With help, of course.

“There, ya done!” He announced proudly, pulling Aren up by the arms and buckling up his overalls. “I can't wait to tell Mista Richards.” He smacked Aren's bottom, making the boy squeak again and press close to the older boy. But then, he was giggling.

“Whatchu laughin' 'bout, huh?”

“I think he already knows!”

And there Mr. Richards was, standing in the doorway with a pleased smile on his face. He looked so proud, and Kyle, after turning around to stay, wide eyed, could only grin sheepishly and say, “ta-dah?”

