I Can Make It

Author: Tom Hayfield

*000*2025-06-03 20:55

I can make it. I can make it.

Sarah Scott ran down the street, one hand clenched tightly against the crotch of her tight black skirt; bare legs trembling as she raced for home, for sanctuary, for her long delayed and desperately needed relief. Unable to hide her desperation, she was groaning openly with the effort of holding; attracting the attention of many passerbys, yet she couldn’t keep quiet. The pressure was too intense.

She was so close to losing control.

Sarah was twenty-six years old, blonde haired with emerald green eyes and wore a smart white blouse, a zip-up black skirt and flat black shoes. Her legs were bare and long, often attracting the attention of others and both her bosom and ass were generously sized; further adding to her attractiveness. However, to those looking at her right now, she did not appear as a sexy, mature woman.

She looked like a desperate little girl.

As she ran through the edge of town, Sarah passed by many buildings: Pubs, restaurants, gyms; each with their own bathrooms, any one of which she could have stopped at. Sarah ignored them all, knowing the effort would simply lead to a loss of control in some unfamiliar place or in front of some hapless receptionist. It was a lesson painfully learned through repeated humiliations and now; with every second, she was fighting to avoid another reminder of her problem.

Sarah Scott suffered from severe Paruresis.

Known better as ‘Shy Bladder Syndrome’, Sarah could not; no matter how desperate she became, pee willingly in bathrooms that were not her own. An anxious person in general, her symptoms primarily manifested in an extreme fear and discomfort of public bathrooms to the point that even attempting to use another person’s toilet would bring on lightheadedness, light-headness and consciousness; followed by her bladder voiding itself.

This was true for every bathroom; everywhere, with only the bathrooms at her childhood home and adult residence being acceptable to her. This condition had caused her significant hardships over the years and yet, she had also developed and shown remarkable bladder strength on many occasions.

An eight hour bus trip in sixth grade. Wild nights out during college years. Bachelorette parties in her early twenties. Sarah had squirmed and fidgeted and held herself through many moments that had seen so many others completely lose control, giving her confidence and trust in her ability to hold it until she made it home; even when faced with the most dire odds.

I have to make it. I have to make it.

Yet, for every time she had held on far beyond normal expectations, there were many occasions where her obsessive bathroom needs had pushed things too far. Even the thought of them turned Sarah’s face red with embarrassment.

Soaking through her white nylon panties as pee overflowed her school chair. Friends giggling during movie night as they turned towards the hissing sound; emanating from inside her pink pajamas, watching as she lost control at her best friend’s sleepover. Her desperate, aching walks back from work during her first few weeks on the job, fighting to make it home; only to lose control when only a few streets, houses or even steps away from her front door.

On those occasions, she would clench and bounce and gnash her teeth together, legs shaking; hands trembling, trying her absolute hardest to hold on. She would fight, fight with all her strength and though these efforts were commendable, each had ended the same way. She would gasp, tears coming to her eyes; legs vibrating with desperation as she silently pleaded for just a few more hours, minutes, seconds, to hold on.

Then, the inevitable.

The wet patch. The loud hissing. Her trembling body, fingers slowly drenching with pee as she kept uselessly trying to hold back the flood; far after it was obvious that all such attempts were useless. People would begin to stare, whisper, laugh, watching as the schoolgirl, the friend, the colleague, completely lost control and suffered a humiliating accident, right before their eyes. Few would understand the efforts she had gone to in order to hold on before that. They would judge her regardless and that hurt the most.

I need to make it. I need to make it.

For over a year, she had avoided any such accidents; despite being repeatedly tested. Her job as a corporate secretary kept her busy: Short on breaks, regularly on her feet, forced to hydrate regularly; lest she become dizzy and ineffective at her work. Sarah had certainly made her way home after work; on many occasions, with her legs tightly clasped on the bus or walking through town. If she was completely honest with herself; once or twice, she had leaked on particularly long days, yet even so, she always made it home and got (almost all) into the toilet. Some days were challenging. Yet she persevered.

Today however, was a nightmare.

A surprise visit from the CEO. Frantically organised meetings, back-to-back. Huge amounts of drinks served with foreign clients, with all expected to drink or be seen as rejecting hospitality. Three hours ago, Sarah’s legs had been tightly clamped under the boardroom table. One hour ago, she had been badly shaking in place; feeling as if one wrong move could see her soaked in front of her colleagues, destroying her professional reputation.

Now, she was absolutely frantic. She’d made it about halfway through the business district with her legs practically glued together, fighting off wave after wave of desperation; cramping and moaning with each one. Then, a sudden unsettling tingle sent a cold chill up her spine and she knew; with certainty, that she only had minutes left. The next wave would shatter her control.

I… can… still… make… it...

Her frantic running had now slowed; once more, to a desperate crawl. She pushed forward through streets she knew intimately, her legs criss-crossed, then bouncing on the spot; then dancing while holding herself, all in open view of anyone who cared to look, yet she had no choice. Even fighting her absolute hardest, Sarah could still feel the first drops of pee snaking into her tight, pink underwear and could feel a small but uncomfortable wet patch forming. Her whole body was shaking with desperation, anticipation and the need to release.

Ten houses. Nine. Eight. A dribble of pee worked its way down her left leg, a long leak bursting free before she could stop it as Sarah openly whimpered; tears coming to her eyes.

Six houses. Five. Four. Sarah swore as her knees locked up, violently trembling and; for a moment, she wasn’t sure she could take another step. Breathing deeply, she inched onwards; step-by-step, fighting for her dignity.

Three houses. Two. One. Her house was right there. The gate was mercifully hanging loose and she was able to knee it open but the front door was her last obstacle. There was a bathroom on the ground floor; right by the main entrance. Relief was seconds away.

Reaching into her purse with sweaty fingers, she pulled out her keys and; violently shaking, slid them into the door. The metal slid into place, she moved to turn the key and… and…

I… I… I… can’t make it!

A loud hissing sound filled the air; only emphasised as Sarah gasped loudly, her bladder finally giving in. Hot streams of pee flooded into her pink underwear, overwhelming the fabric in seconds and spreading in a deluge down her trembling legs. Her black skirt; held against her crotch in one hand, was instantly soaked on the front and Sarah, overwhelmed by the relief and embarrassment of what was taking place, felt her knees give way.

In an instant, she had slumped in front of her front door; kneeling in a growing puddle of her own making as she continued to rapidly empty her overstretched bladder. Tears ran down her face as streaks rushed over her legs, into her shoes and ran off her front doorstep onto the surrounding brickwork. Sarah hadn’t felt this humiliated in a long time. She had held for so long, been so close and yet; right on the verge of victory, she had fallen at the final hurdle.

Her only consolation was that she had avoided a professional disgrace; losing control in front of all her colleagues, yet it was little comfort as the last of her bladder finally emptied and she saw the enormous puddle of pee she was now kneeling in. Her skirt, legs, underwear, shoes and even the lower parts of her blouse were now drenched. She had completely wet herself and at twenty-six years old; right now, she didn’t even feel half that age.

Other times had certainly been worse. Losing control after ballet class in McDonalds. Her sixteenth birthday. Three separate sleepovers with Emily. Yet, this felt more disheartening. She was younger then. Less experienced. Her recent accidents had been smaller in scale, more out of her control, more understandable but this wasn’t any of those things. This was a full blown wetting, one she could have easily avoided if her anxieties weren’t so crippling. Not for the first time, Sarah cursed herself aloud before wiping away her tears and acknowledging the reality of what had happened.

I didn’t make it.

