Wet in the front seat

Author: trebledeath

*000*2015-04-19 20:50

((yeah, I'm pasting my fics into this to take up posts, I really love this one, it's really good, even if you aren't into omestuck,))

Another story, because its all i can do.

Kankri woke up and was disoriented for a minute before readjusting, though it was a little difficult considering he was moving. He rubbed his eyes and tried remembering where he was.

Right, a car with Porrim and their little siblings, on the way to a beach house.

He yawned a bit and tried to stretch, but the car was too small for that.

He looked over at Karkat who was in the back seat with him then at the front, expecting to see Porrim driving with earbuds in and Kanaya doing embroidery.

But Kanaya was asleep. Kankri pressed his mouth into a line, she got to sit in front and she wasn’t even using it properly.

Kankri unbuckled himself and scooted to the front of his seat, stretching a bit and realizing he had to pee a bit before leaning between the two front chairs.

Porrim caught sight of him out of the corner of her eye and immediately scowled. “Kankri,” She reached a hand up and plucked the ear bud from her ear while keeping the other one tightly on the steering wheel. “Sit the fuck back down and buckle up before we get into an accident because you’re distracting me by being unsafe.”

He rolled his eyes. “If Kanaya is just sleeping, why can’t I sit in the front seat?”

“Sit the fuck down Kankri,” She repeated, more stern.

He pouted, “Don’t use that language with me, I was asking a question.”

“I said sit the fuck down, I’m driving, and you need to be in your seat and buckled.”

“I will, just answer my question.”

“Kankri! I will pull over and refuse to do anything until you sit the fuck down.”

“I’m not sitting down until you answer my question.”

She groaned. and signaled to get in the other lane.

He huffed and sat down.

“Buckle.”

Begrudgingly he buckled his seatbelt, ‘i’d appreciate it if you didn’t tell me what to do. I’m not a little kid.”

“I wouldn’t tell you what to do if you actually acted like an adult. Are you buckled?”

“Yes. Now will you please answer my question without pulling any more passive aggressive stunts?”

“Will you please stop calling my methods of dealing with your whiny attitude in a completely non passive way passive aggressive?”

He huffed again, “Just answer my question please.”

Porrim shrugged, “Kanaya has a right to that seat, maybe you can ask her when we get to the next rest stop.”

He was reminded of the slight need to pee, “Okay,” He relented after a moment of pondering, “When is that exactly?”

Porrim shrugged again, “Half an hour?”

He nodded and got comfortable once again. Half an hour was okay.

Half an hour passed and frankly Kankri was glad to see them pull up into a rest stop.

Before he got out of the car, he leaned over and toggled Kanaya’s shoulder.

Porrim only sighed and got out of the car to fill it back up with gas then head to the small gas station.

Kanaya woke up, “Por?” She asked groggily.

“No. Kankri,” He corrected softly, “Can I sit in the passenger seat after this?”

Kanaya yawned, “No. I like the front seat.” At least she spoke politely.

Kankri frowned, hadn’t Porrim promised him the from seat if he asked? Wow, just a way to ruin the mood.

Kanaya stretched out her arms only to hit them on the ceiling. She grunted before getting out of the car and opening the back door behind her to wake Karkat up.

Karkat, having been leaning on the door nearly fell into her arms.

Kankri sighed as he watched them be utter idiots. But as soon as the two of left, presumably to go to the restroom, he clambered into the passenger seat and locked the door.

He probably should have gone to the bathroom, but they couldn’t have been far from the destination considering how long they drove for.

He waited a couple minutes before everyone came back.

Kanaya, glared at him slightly before getting into the back seat with Karkat who was stumbling, probably still half asleep.

Porrim got in and handed Kankri a bottle of juice before opening her bottle and taking a swig.

He thanked her softly before doing the same, not realizing how stupid that was.

Twenty minutes later, he was uncomfortable with an equally uncomfortable pressure in his bladder. He really should have gone at the gas station.

He squirmed a bit, his thighs close together before settling and deciding that it was his seat belt making him uncomfortable. It was pushing down on his bladder and frankly he didn’t like wearing it.

A hand crept towards the release button as the looked at Porrim out of the corner of his eye to make sure he hadn’t caught her attention.

No, she was still watching the road intently with her earbuds in.

She wasn’t paying attention. Good.

With a small sigh, he unbuckled the seat belt.

“Kankri, buckle up right now.”

Shit. The seatbelt nazi noticed. “But it hurts.”

“You can handle a little pain, put it back on now.”

He groaned, “It keeps pressing down on my abdomen and making it feel worse,” He tried explaining without really giving a concrete reason.

“Hmm. Are you getting road sick, do you need me to pull over?”

“No. I need to go, and pulling over won’t help that.”

She pressed her mouth into a straight line, “Oh. You should have gone at the rest stop. Everyone else did.”

He huffed, not wanting to rebuke her.

“Buckle up.” She spoke again.

He whined, not wanting to verbally tell her no, but still not doing what he was told.

“Kankri!” She snapped out, “Put your damn seat belt on before I make you. You asked to be in the front and you damn well will follow my ruled if you insist on being in a more precarious seat.”

He whined a little before putting the seat belt on, loosely this time though. It wasn’t that bad.

Porrim sighed and ceased the conversation.

Though as much as they argued, Kankri wished she kept talking to him, it distracted him from his growing urge.

After another minute, his hand crept again, though this time towards his crotch rather than his seat belt release tab.

He glanced at Porrim out of the corner of his eye before making the hand movement final and placing it so. He gave a light squeeze.

It wasn’t that bad, he could still hold out.

“When are we going to take another rest stop?”

“We aren’t, we’re close enough to our destination we don’t need to.”

“Oh good. How long?” He was expecting less than an hour. He could hold it.

“Almost two hours.”

Or not.

He almost groaned before stopping himself.

“Can we please make a rest stop?”

“No.”

That was short and concise. “Why?”

“Because we just had one.”

He groaned that time.

Kanaya spoke up, “You should have gone then instead of taking my seat,”

Kankri just pouted and slid down his seat some.

Porrim sighed.

A wave of desperation hit Kankri causing him to yelp and sit up straight, tightening his muscles before he leaked.

“Please?” He asked again.

Porrim sighed yet again, “Kanny, you’re a big boy, you can hold it.”

“I’m not just a big boy, I’m an adult. Don’t talk to me,”

“No, you’re acting like a kid. And I’m not talking down to you, I’m treating you how you’re acting. A kid who apparently needs to be told o go to the bathroom.”

“Porrim!” He snapped. She was being so unfair!

She snickered, “yes?”

“You’re being mean. And I honestly don’t appreciate it considering I’ve asked politely and feel I deserve to be shown some human sympathy. Please just pull over sometime so I may go to the restroom.”

“I thought you said you wouldn’t go on the side of the road.”

“I won’t.”

“Well, look around. There;’s no place to go except the bushes,” She took a hand off the steering wheel to gesture to the greenery.

“I won’t go. You’ll just have to find somewhere else,”

He gave his crotch another squeeze, feeling it get worse.

“Okay fine. In about forty five minutes, we’ll get to the town right before the beach house. I’m sure we can get to a McDonalds or something and we can get lunch while you pee.”

He nodded. That sounded okay.

Porrim popped back in her ear bud, signifying she was done talking, leaving him to his own thoughts.

He sighed and looked out the window, trying not to focus on his pulsing bladder and his hand loosely in front of it.

They drove over a pothole causing Kankri to cringe and tighten his grip on the front of his jeans. God, that spurred his bladder, making the liquid in it slosh, though he thought that was impossible.

Still jarred from the jolt, his bladder let out a tiny spurt. Kankri inhaled sharply and kept his hand in place, afraid of what would happen if he took it off.

He almost turned to Porrim to ask her how long it would be, or if she could hurry up, but he knew she probably wouldn’t answer.

Another wave of desperation crashed down on him.

He moved his other hand to his crotch, accidentally brushing against his swollen bladder sticking out of the top of his jeans, Though, it felt more like a press.

He cringed again and immediately crammed the hand along side the other one, needing all the pressure on the outside to combat all the liquid sloshing inside of him, bearing on is flood gates.

Kanaya stuck her head into the front seat, “Are you sure you don’t want to pull over?” Her words weren’t malicious, more as concerned.

Kankri yelped as she spoke suddenly, honestly not expecting it. A small stream of urine escaped, dampening his boxers a bit. But, unlike he would have expected, it only made his need worse.

“I won’t be seen peeing in a bush. I’m a civilized adult.”

“Okay..” Kanaya trailed off before retreating to the back seat.

Kankri squirmed in his seat, before looking out the window again, hoping that they were close.

They hit another pothole instead of arriving.

This time, however, Kankri physically yelped as a stream let loose. This stupid road was too much for his full bladder.

Porrim took out an ear bud again, “Don’t pee in my car. We only have like, ten minutes.”

Kankri nodded, afraid he couldn’t make words at that point, he was too focussed on keeping all that pee inside his bladder. And he was losing the fight.

Little streams slipped out every now and then, un prompted by bumps in the road, and each one longer than the last.

He felt a wet patch appear under his hands, causing him to gasp, which in turn lead him to letting out another spurt.

At least he jeans were dark so it wouldn’t be too noticeable once they actually got to the town.

The next ten minutes were probably the longest hell of his life.

Each bump or turn toggling his bladder, causing it to release more as sloshing urine pent up inside him was no match for his relaxing muscles.

As they entered the town, Kankri unbuckled himself again, it would be easier to get out if he did so.

Porrim didn’t say anything, and thank god.

She pulled into a parking lot, and before the car got to a full stop, the got out.

The astonishing weight of his bladder it him as he stumbled to his feet.

It made him wish he hand another hand to shove between his legs. He also wanted to bend over to relieve some of the pressure, but he couldn’t. He forced himself to take a step, fully aware he was leaking with every step.

He got onto the sidewalk but stumbled, jarring his bladder once again.

He let out a small yelp before he lost the fight completely, letting his flood gates go unintentionally.

Tears bubbled up in his eyes. No way, he was so close.

He let of a choked sob as hot urine leaked between his fingers and down his legs.

Somebody touched his back, Porrim.

“Kanny,” Yes it was.

He let out another sob. How could she see him like this?

Karkat started laughing from the car, only evoking another sob from kankri as he finished wetting himself in public.

Porrim rubbed his back, “It’s okay,” She hushed gently, “Let’s get you some pants out of the car, okay?”

It almost amazed him how nice Porrim could be when he needed it yet rude when he didn’t.

He turned and buried himself in her chest, still crying. “I’m sorry,”

“Oh hush, it’s just an accident you didn’t mean for this to happen,” She started carding a hand through his hair until he calmed down.

*002*2015-04-25 02:11

{{ 

This was really good c:

}}

Thank you, I love to hear that I didnt do horribly. :)

*004*2015-04-25 02:55

{{ 

It's was great!

}}

Thank you.

