The wet quartet

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2012-08-24 02:03

You wanted a small bedtime story? Well, I'm awfully sorry to hear that.

The wet quartet

It was a Saturday morning just before noon, as the 18 year-old Alice waited for her laundry to finish. She was lucky her parents were away for the weekend. Now she could clean her bed without her parents noticing. This good-looking girl with average height and breast size and straight, blonde hair until just above her shoulders was walking around the house naked, as no one could see her like this and she had not put on other clothes after she put her blue pajamas and pink panties in the washing machine. Still a bit confused, she got some of her sheets out of the dryer. She had woken up to a warm sensation that morning; as she awoke, she was just finishing her morning pee. Her before snow-white mattress was now drying in the sun, and Alice had no idea how to get the huge yellow stain out.

She also had no idea how this could have happened. Sure, she drank a cup of tea before she went to bed yesterday, but she never had any problems with that before. She always just went to bed and if she had to pee, she would wake up and go to the toilet. Until a few days ago, that is, but that time she had an explanation: she got together with 3 friends (all girls) to do an old-school sleepover, but she drank too much alcohol and did not even remember going to bed. She was so drunk she did not wake up to pee, and woke up hours later from the cold wetness around her. Her friends teased her a bit about it, but they understood that alcohol can make you do that, and she had a lot less to clean up, as she lay on an air mattress and the floor was water-proof. When she got home she washed her air mattress, sleeping bag and pajamas and that was it. This time though, she was completely sober and could think of no other reason why she did not wake up this time.

As she was thinking, she was getting a bit worried; what if this is not a coincidence? What if she was losing her bladder control?

She waved her ideas away, thinking she was just paranoid, but it was rather strange: she never had incontinence problems as a kid. After her bladder training, she had not even wet herself once until 3 weeks ago. She was at soccer training, and had to go before she got there but it was not that bad. After one and a half hours of sporting though, she really had to go. She did not go directly afterwards because she always showered at home as she found the showers in the changing room too unhygienic. She thought she could make it, but started leaking into her panties when she was halfway walking home.

She never had this experience before: she always kept her clothes completely dry. With about 2 minutes left before she got home, the leaks were getting bigger and she had started crying a bit. Her panties were already soaked and the wet patch on her black soccer shorts was not visible, but getting bigger and bigger as her bladder gave in. No one saw her as she was made a huge puddle on the small road in the woods leading to her house just outside the city. Her socks and shin guards got soaked too, and there was a puddle in both her shoes afterwards. She was really ashamed and got home as fast as she could, where she had to explain her embarrassing accident to her parents. After she had showered though, she reckoned it would happen to everyone at least once, so she did not think much of it.

After a lot of thinking about how these accidents could have happened, Alice decided it was all just a coincidence and the reason was bad luck. With this realization he managed to get her mind focused on something else: her trip to an amusement park later this day with her friends from the sleepover.

One hour later, Alice had her sheets clean and dry, her stained mattress almost dry and she was wearing a green pair of pants and a black top with black-and-white striped panties and a black bra beneath them. When her friends arrived by car, she quickly finished her bottle of water (it was a hot day) and put on black socks and blue sneakers, refilled her bottle and off she went. In the car were:

Jasmine, who Alice had known almost all her life as they were classmates at elementary school, was at the wheel. Jasmine and Alice used to live 2 blocks away from each other. She has long, straight brown hair and was about a foot taller than Alice. Jasmine wore dark blue skinny jeans and a loose brown shirt. Alice could clearly see the form of her breasts and doubted if she wore a bra, and to be honest she did not need one.

Anna was in the front seat, wearing a black pleaded skirt with a white top. She has blonde, slightly curly hair, is about as tall as Alice but with slightly smaller breasts. Alice and Anna have known each other for a few years now; halfway through high school they became classmates because Anna moved from another city.

Nicole, sitting in the backseat, was one year younger than the other girls but Alice had known her the longest. Before Alice’s parents decided to live just outside the city, they were neighbors. Everything about Nicole is small: she is a foot smaller than Alice and the rest is in proportion; her breasts are small (they look good nonetheless, as it fits her body) and, as a lot of people know to Nicole’s embarrassment, her bladder is small, even for her body. She has the obvious problems that come with this, and needs to sleep with protective sheets and really has to make sure she goes to the bathroom in time. She has medium-length, straight black hair with one purple lock. She wore a pair of jeans with fake rips in it and a black shirt with short sleeves.

Alice took her place next to Nicole in the back of the small, red car and they took off. After the normal chitchat Nicole announced she had to go to the bathroom. She had put one hand between her legs and was bouncing her legs up and down.

“It’s just a short ride, the amusement park is 15 minutes away, you can go there” Jasmine said.

“Can’t we stop at that gas station?” Nicole tried, putting another hand between her legs and looking very tense.

“Can’t you just hold it for 15 minutes?” Anna said, a bit annoyed.

“I’m not sure” Nicole replied. “I’m sorry, I should have gone at home.”

“Just go to the gas station, you know how it is with Nicole” Alice said to Jasmine.

Nicole blushed at this and Jasmine decided to stop at the gas station.

“Please refill my bottle with water if you’re going there anyway” Jasmine said.

Nicole did not say anything, but she was obviously reluctant as she got 3 bottles from the other girls. After that she walked, clearly as fast as she could, over to the bathroom. Apparently she really needed to go, as she put all the bottles in her left arm and held herself with her right hand all the way.

Nicole felt her bladder almost reaching her max and knew she had to be quick, but halfway there one of the bottles fell. Nicole tried to bend down to get the bottle and still hold herself, but this proved to be very difficult. She had to briefly use her right arm to pick up the bottle, and immediately felt her bladder almost emptying itself.

“That was close,” she thought as she put her hand back in her private parts, still dry. She walked on to the bathroom, now more careful to hold all bottles.

As soon as she got in the bathroom, her need increased. There was a lady who demanded some money to use the toilet, and she had both her hands full, and Nicole used her only option if she wanted her pants to stay dry: she threw the bottles on the floor, frantically checked for some money with her left hand and paid the lady.

Holding herself with both hands, she walked over to the second stall (the first one was occupied) and got in. Her bladder muscles were already contracting, and could barely hold on.

Standing in front of the toilet, she still had to get her pants down, which means she had to stop holding for a moment. As fast as she could she got her hands from between her legs and yanked her pants and panties down in one move (she was an expert at this), but as soon as she stopped holding she had started peeing. She sat down within the same movement and could finally relax.

After 10 seconds her bladder was empty and she inspected her black panties: there was a wet spot in the crotch, but her pants were still dry. By her rules, she had made it. She pulled her wet panties and dry pants back up and got out, washed her hands and refilled the bottles of water.

“I’m sorry, but I couldn’t help it, I was just in time” Nicole apologized when she came back.

“It’s ok,” Jasmine said, as she took her bottle and immediately downed more than half of it. Anna did the same. Alice though was a bit more careful. She doubted to go to the bathroom herself to take some extra precautions, last night still in her mind. Nicole did not drink any water.

The rest of the ride was uneventful and they got there quickly, but because it was really busy it took another 30 minutes to get a parking space and get to the entrance.

Once inside, Alice spotted the first bathroom in no-time, but Jasmine and Nicole had already decided where to go first and Anna was buying a coke for everyone. Alice decided she was just paranoid because of her accident last night and decided to follow the others to the first ride.

After an hour and only two rides because of the long lines the girls all got a milkshake, Alice decided that now was the time to use the bathroom, but Anna spoke first.

“Before the next ride I need to use the bathroom” she said, but Jasmine replied, pointing with her left arm to the nearest roller coaster: “But there is a small line now, better hurry, then you can go in 10 minutes!”

Not wanting to spoil fun, Anna agreed. Alice thought she could also easily last another 10 minutes, so she did not say anything.

After 15 minutes, the line seemed to go very slow.

“I thought you said it would be 10 minutes” Nicole said.

“It’s slower than I thought but we’re almost there, it should be just around this corner” Jasmine replied.

2 minutes later, the girls got to the corner. Jasmine was first, and as soon as she went around the corner she looked very disappointed: The line was much longer than she thought!

“I’m sorry Anna, it will take a little longer, we’ll go to the bathroom right afterwards” Jasmine said.

“Wow! According to this sign the waiting time is 50 minutes from here!” Anna said, with wide eyes as she went around the corner.

Alice immediately panicked, trying to seem calm on the outside. She used to be sure she could make it in this sort of situation, but now she was scared she couldn’t.

To her right Alice saw Nicole, moving a bit strange. Her small bladder now held some liquid from the coke and the milkshake and was still filling from the latter one, and she started to need the bathroom a bit.

“We can also go back and try this ride another time so Anna can use the bathroom” Nicole said, ashamed to admit she had to go again while she had not drank as much as the rest.

“No, don’t mind, I think I can hold it” Anna said, to Nicole and Alice’s disappointment.

For the next 40 minutes, the girls walked slowly in the line, hoping it would move faster.

“I have to admit I would like to use the bathroom too, now” Jasmine said.

“Please don’t talk about it” Nicole said. “Hurry, hurry, hurry” she mumbled under her breath. She was now obviously the most desperate one. She was blushing again, and holding herself with 2 hands, and thus pushing her still slightly damp panties against her privates.

“You can also step out of the line and wait for us at the exit, if you think you are not going to make it” Alice suggested.

“No, I’ve waited this long, now I’m going to take this ride anyway” Nicole said.

“And what if you have an accident?” Anna said.

“I have some spare clothes in my backpack in the trunk, just in case” she answered. “Now please, don’t say anything about it.”

One guy behind them overheard the conversation and saw the poor girl being desperate, and whispered something to two of his friends.

A few moments later, the girls suddenly heard a hissing sound. It took Alice a minute to figure out what was happening, after first instinctively watching if Nicole’s pants would darken. Meanwhile, Anna had already taken action.

“Hey! Fuck you, how would you like it if we did that to you” she said, doing a little desperation dance.

This had the wrong effect though, as they now saw that she too needed the bathroom and they started making even louder hissing sounds.

The girls chose to ignore it, and after about a minute they stopped.

A few minutes later, the girls could almost get in. Nicole had a real hard time, as the guys behind her still made a small hissing sound now and then. In the meantime Alice had become really desperate and was now holding herself too. Anna regretted her choice for a skirt, for this day because in some rides you have to spread your legs a bit assure the safety so she really had to be careful, but now more so because she could not really hold herself. Jasmine only felt a slight urge.

This, however, was nothing compared to what was coming for the girls. They lined up for the back part of the rollercoaster, as the lines were faster there, and got in after 2 minutes. Alice and Nicole were at the back of the train, and Jasmine and Anna had the 2 seats in front of them.

“How are you doing?” Jasmine asked Nicole, just before they had to sit.

Nicole answered, almost whispering “I don’t know if it’s sweat or pee,” as she was at the verge of tears.

Then some guy came to make sure everyone was in the right place. Nicole now had to go and sit in a chair where she had to spread her legs. Waiting till the last moment, she reluctantly removed her hands from her crotch and sat down, feeling a spurt of pee escaping. The safety guy put the shackles down against the little girl, and pushed as far as it could go, right in her bladder. Now she knew this was going to be an accident, and as the train started to move, she started to cry. The extra pressure on her bladder was too painful: she had no choice but to relax all her muscles.

“Hey! Don’t give up! You can make it!” Alice tried when she saw Nicole crying, mostly because she was scared what would happen if she saw another girl pee her pants.

“No I can’t” Nicole answered sobbing, as she felt all her liquid leave her bladder. She first felt the warmth spreading in her crotch, and quickly she felt the wetness on her butt. They were now going up, so the liquid pooled in her seat, no place to escape, and she felt even her back getting wet, however she had no spare shirts with her. The pool of urine she was sitting in increased as she was still emptying her bladder. She looked down and saw her teardrops fall into the big puddle of urine between her legs. She was sitting to her hips in her own urine. Then the rollercoaster reached the top: slowly the puddle began to move to the front, and then falling like a waterfall down to the ground from Nicole’s legs, wetting the rest of her pants in the process.

She was still slowly crying as the ride stopped.

Jasmine screamed out of joy, commenting on how good the ride was, but she suddenly stopped when she got out and looked back at the other two girls. She saw Alice quickly get out of her seat to hold herself, and next to her a girl with soaked pants and tears all over her face, which has her black eyeshadow now smeared all over it.

Turning to Anna and Alice, Jasmine said “you can go and find a bathroom, I’ll take Nicole back to my car.”

Anna and Alice did not think twice, and both desperate girls walked away without saying anything. Jasmine took Nicole with her, apologized to the safety guy and walked with her to the car. Nicole’s seat was not used the next round.

“I’m so embarrassed” Nicole said, “all those people are again looking at me, I saw people taking pictures… Why can’t I have a normal bladder like you?”

“It’s ok, it’s not your fault. I thought you lasted very long. It’s my fault for thinking we had enough time” Jasmine said. “By the way, my bladder is getting pretty full too.”

They walked on, Nicole’s shoes squeaking with every step she took.

When they got to the car, Jasmine blocked the view while Nicole changed into a clean pair of blue panties and a pair of grey sweatpants. She examined the damage before putting them away in a plastic bag and her backpack: her panties had a small dry streak on the front, and her pants were almost completely soaked too: around her butt and hips was the part with which she sat in her own puddle. Below that, her pants legs were soaked over the whole back and between her legs, and the lower part was soaked all around from when the puddle rushed over her chair. She put her soaked socks in her shoes and put them in the trunk and got a pair of sandals out.

“My shirt still has pee on it, but I don’t have a clean one” she said.

“Then you’ll just have to walk around in that one, I guess” Jasmine answered. She did not want to leave: they still had a few hours left till the park would close.

“I don’t know if I can make it” Alice said. She could barely walk: if she parted her legs a little bit further than she did right now, she would probably lose control.

“The bathroom is over there! Just a few meters” Anna tried to convince her. “And there is no line!”

As soon as they reached it, however, it appeared to be closed for cleaning.

“Nooooo, I can’t make it to another toilet!” Alice said. She got one hand from her crotch and started bouncing on the door. “Let me in! This is an emergency!”

“Find another one, this one is closed” a male voice from inside said.

“Where is the closest one?” Alice asked.

“If you walk towards the exit, you should reach the next one in 5 minutes” said the cleaner.

“I’m not going to make it, I’m going to have an accident” Alice said to Anna, standing still and losing hope.

Anna however tried to get there as fast as she could. “Come on, come with me, this way” she said, as she tried to pull Alice away.

Alice however knew what was going to happen; she could never make it there. She was already leaking in the rollercoaster, and was now pushing the wet fabric into her private parts. She felt another spurt escape, warming her crotch. And another. She was slowly wetting herself, being pulled along by Anna, until a guy bumped into her.

“Watch where you walk” he said, as he walked away. But he had hit Alice right in her bladder, and she gave up. She stood still and Anna turned around. “Keep walking!”

Alice knew it was happening now. She closed her eyes, relaxed, and her bladder started to empty itself forcibly. She felt the warmth spreading between her legs, and looked down; her grey pants were getting dark grey from her crotch down her legs, also spreading to the sides. She noticed the people around her looking at her in awe, and started realizing she was having an accident in front of way too many people. She tried to push her pee out now, she wanted this to be over with. She had never peed as hard as this in her life, and it all went into her pants and down to her legs, into her shoes until they overflowed. Alice looked down in shame and all she could see were her own wet clothes and wet asphalt. She then started to run, away from her accident, and cried. She ran to the exit and down the parking lot, where she just saw Jasmine close the car.

“You too?”

Alice said nothing as she said down on the ground between two cars, trying to hide from everyone. Now she did not have to think about her desperation, feelings of shame set in. She could not believe what she had just done. Nicole tried to console her.

“It’s not a big deal, it can happen to anyone. Look at me, I even bring spare clothes when I go somewhere.”

“At least you have spare clothes, I have to stay like this until we’re home” Alice said, sobbing.

“We can go to a water attraction, if you are completely wet nobody will think you wet yourself” Jasmine suggested.

“What? You seriously want me to go back in the park like this? We’re going home!”

Meanwhile, Anna had reached the next bathroom. There was only one problem: The line. Apparently there were 2 closed bathrooms and everyone is going here. As she got in the back of the line, she felt a sudden urge and lost control for a moment. A big spurt of pee made its way into her panties. Luckily they were cotton, so it stayed in her panties, but now it was harder to hold it. After almost 10 minutes of waiting, the women in front of her got in a stall.

She was next, and her bladder knew that too. Her muscles started contracting and she spurted in her panties again, this time enough for a few drops to descend on her crossed legs. She had no choice now, and said goodbye to her decency: she put the front of her skirt up and put her hands against her wet white panties. A few moments later, a door opened. She started walking towards it, as she felt she was slowly losing control. She did not even notice it until she felt a long spurt of pee hitting her hands through her panties. A small trickle went down the back of her right leg. Suddenly, she was pushed aside.

“I’m sorry, this is an emergency,” a woman in her early twenties said. Anna hit the wall adjacent to the stall and saw a small dark spot on the back of her blue shorts. Anna could not take the tension anymore; she started peeing. As soon as she realized it, she tried to stop. She clenched all her muscles but she could not stop the first stream of pee falling on the ground beneath her. Luckily only the first person in line could see her like this.

Then another stall opened, right next to the one stolen from her. A woman in her thirties was in awe, staring at the 18 year old girl in front of her, who gave her a perfect view of her wet panties under her black skirt.

Anna rushed right past her, pushed the woman out and closed the door, but that was too much excitement for her bladder. She lifted up her skirt, parted her legs and gave up. She peed right through her white, now partially see-through, panties. A solid stream fell directly from under her panties and some small trickles were going down her legs. She had lost the battle, but at least she was in a bathroom stall. The pee went everywhere on the ground: she made a puddle too big for the stall.

When she was finished, the ground was covered in pee. She inspected her shirt: it was still dry. Her white socks were only slightly wet on top and would dry, and only the underside of her shoes were wet, like she could have stepped in a puddle of water. Maybe she could get away with this! When she got out of her stall, she saw 3 woman staring at her directly and 3 other from the door opening of the building. She blushed and quickly walked out of there. No one on the outside knows of her accident, and she wanted to keep it that way. She went towards the exit and on the parking lot, where she saw Jasmine have an argument with someone sitting on the ground.

“No, I’m simply not going in! A lot of people have seen me wet myself, even if I had dry clothes I wouldn’t go!” said the crying Alice.

“Hey, I’ve just made it, but I think we’d better go home too” said Anna.

“But we’ve paid for our tickets! We still have 2 hours till closing time!”

“Jasmine, please, I know it’s your car, but I want to go home too. Everyone in line for that rollercoaster has seen my accident” Nicole said.

“Ok, we’ll go home, but don’t sit on my car seat with those wet clothes!” Jasmine said.

“I’m not going to go naked! I want to keep my clothes on!” Alice said.

“Then you can keep your panties on, but there is too much wetness in your pants to wear them” Jasmine said. “I don’t want my car to smell like pee.”

Alice agreed to that and got out of her green pants, soaked between her legs and on the back of her legs, to reveal her black-and-white-striped panties with an obvious yellow ring just above her crotch. Nicole held open the plastic bag with her wet clothes and Alice put it there with them. She placed her shoes and socks next to Nicole’s.

She quickly got in the car so no one would see her in only her panties.

“And your shirt is wet too” Jasmine said to Nicole.

Nicole did not want another argument and put her shirt in the trunk too, her upper body now only covered by her black bra.

After this, Anna tried to get in without getting noticed. Her socks or shoes did not show anything, but her panties were soaked. She could not sit on her skirt because she would make it wet, and when she sat on the grey car seat it would leave a wet spot, like Alice would.

She decided that her best option was to simply sit on her skirt. No one should notice because it is black, and she would just wash it as soon as she got home.

Jasmine, disappointed on leaving so early, started the car. She did not want to speak to the others anymore, because they ruined her fun. But her bladder was really full by now, and sitting still behind the wheel made it worse. She could manage her desperation by walking around and thought she would just go when she got back in the park.

The first one to drop off would be Alice. She would just ask to use her toilet when they got there. She just needed to hang on for 15 minutes…

“Hey, Alice… could I wash my stuff at your home?” Nicole asked.

Alice: “Yes, but why not at your own home?”

“I don’t want my parents to find out I did it again,” Nicole said, again blushing.

“That’s ok, we’ve put it in one bag anyway, I’ll just put together with my stuff.”

Jasmine could not really concentrate on driving, as her bladder was throbbing now. She had to break a lot of times, which also worked on her bladder. She was almost safely at Alice’s, when she suddenly saw a kid jump in front of the car. She could get the car to stop in time, but it had scared her so much she did a spurt in her pants. She looked down and saw only a small wet spot between her legs.

When they got at Alice’s, Nicole got out too and they grabbed their stuff from the trunk. As expected, there was a small wet spot in the shape of Alice’s panties where she sat. Jasmine got out of the car, and she almost started to pee herself right there.

“Hey, could I use your bathroom? I really need it now” Jasmine said, holding herself, crossing and uncrossing her legs.

“Of course, Anna are you coming too? Maybe we can still do something together.”

Jasmine walked behind the pantsless Alice, and as soon as she turned the key she rushed in. She got to the other side of the hall, where the toilet was, but her bladder was too soon: she started peeing still outside of the toilet. She quickly opened the door and got in, but the warmth between her legs was spreading and spreading. She had trouble getting her skinny jeans off, but as soon as it worked out she sat down, even though she had not managed to get her panties down too. She sat on the toilet peeing through her panties, but she did not care: her bladder was aching from all the liquid it held, and she finally had relief. This felt so much better than having to pee!

When she finished, she saw what she had done: her pants were wet between the legs almost to her knees, and her pink panties were soaked from her crotch to her butt. But she finally had relief! She did not care about her accident, as she was not the only one.

Jasmine went to the washing room, where she just saw Alice, putting her panties in the washing machine and now only wearing a shirt, and Nicole wearing no shirt.

“Is there maybe room for some more?”

*004*2012-09-06 17:24

I have written a second chapter, and I have some ideas for more. There is a big chance I will continue this even further.

Chapter two; Discovering new things

It was time to get to bed for Alice. She was tired from everything that had happened. After letting out her friends, she immediately went upstairs and got out of her clothes, put on her pink pajamas over her now clean, white panties. Then she went to check on her mattress; there still was a faint, yellow stain where she had the accident. She would have to find something for that tomorrow; her parents, who would come back Monday evening, could not find out!

At least Alice was happy no one of her friends had wanted to go upstairs that evening. She’s had 2 accidents in front of them now, and it would be too embarrassing if they would’ve found out about her bedwetting last night, although all girls had an accident that day. She did not want to be known as a bedwetter like Nicole.

That afternoon, while they washed the dirty clothes, the girls had watched a movie, but when Jasmine had started making some silly jokes about the girls’ accidents, they lost their concentration. Anna also failed to concentrate on something else, and while laughing hysterically at one of the jokes, she had given Jasmine a perfect view under her black skirt, and Jasmine had noticed what had happened.

“You’ve had an accident too! Your panties are wet!” she had said, pointing at Anna, who was instantly red-headed.

“Is that true?” Alice had asked. Hanging her head a little, Anna lifted up her skirt so that everyone could see only the front of her panties, as she was sitting down. There was a yellow half circle a few centimeters above the point where her panties disappeared between her legs, and they could obviously see her panties were still wet, as they were a bit see-through just below the circle.

After a small awkward silence, Jasmine had let out a giggle, which set the rest off. All four girls were laughing their asses off again, as they realized they had all had a bathroom accident that day which was very strange (and apparently funny) at their age. This had been too much for Nicole, as her bladder could only handle such laughter if it was almost completely empty, which it was not. Still laughing, she had suddenly put her hands between her legs, and doubled over as she peed herself again. The others had only found out when they heard the splattering on the floor; there was a small waterfall coming from the leather chair Nicole was sitting on, and her grey sweatpants had darkened quickly, until they were completely soaked and there was a small puddle under the chair.

The girls had decided, when they had stopped laughing, they would have dinner at Alice’s while Anna’s panties and skirt and Nicole’s second set of pants and panties were being washed and Nicole cleaned up her own pee. And now they were finally gone.

Alice was thinking about all these past events while putting her clean sheets and blankets over her mattress. She somehow felt better about herself after the accidents of today; she did not doubt her bladder control anymore. It could happen to anyone anytime and she was just lucky she had never wet herself before 3 weeks ago. She now had seen Anna and Jasmine wet themselves, while she had seen neither of them have an accident before. Especially Jasmine had been so cool about it, that Alice did not think much of it anymore. She got in bed and immediately drifted away.

Sunday morning Alice awoke quite rudely. She had forgotten about her alarm; it was set at eight in the morning by default, and she had forgotten to erase its program. She put off the alarm groggily, still mainly asleep, and turned around in her bed onto her stomach. As she did this, she realized she was lucky her alarm went off; the extra pressure from lying on her stomach almost caused her bladder to empty itself to Alice’s surprise, as she did not even realize she needed the bathroom. She reacted by turning to her back again, and put both her hands between her crotch to hold herself. As she did this, she felt damp fabric pushing against her privates, and her hands felt a small wet spot on her pajama pants; she had leaked a without even feeling it.

Alarmed by this, she quickly sat up in her bed and realized; she did even not need to go that bad. She was just surprised by a sudden urge, and now she did not even feel one anymore. She looked down, and saw the wet spot on her pajama pants was hardly noticeable. Alice relaxed a little bit more after she had discovered this, but decided to go to the toilet, just to be sure she would not have another accident in her bed. She stumbled out of bed, obviously still half asleep but slowly awaking. Standing next to her bed, she inspected the damage some more manually while closing her eyes, so she could rest her eyes some more. She slid her right hand down her panties and felt they were a bit wet between her thighs, but it was nothing more than that.

As she retrieved her hand from her panties, she accidentally stroked her bladder; it was rock hard! And she did not even feel the need, or did she? Slowly, she felt a constant urge building up once she realized she should. She had just been too asleep to really notice how bad she needed to go. Alice started to make her way to the hall still a bit disorientated.

“Wow, I really need some coffee to wake up” she thought. She was getting desperate real fast now; once she reached the door, she suddenly had to grab her crotch again. She crossed her legs and suddenly shock came over her; her right hand, now tightly squeezed between her legs, felt a warm, wet spot slowly growing; she was leaking again! This time though, she felt the whole crotch of her pajama pants get wet before she regained control and she started to smell the unmistaken scent her own morning urine. The urge subsided a bit, but knew she had to handle quickly now. This was hard, as she still had trouble opening her eyes and keeping them open.

Alice reached for the door handle with her free hand, but missed. She rested her head on the door, while she missed the handle for the second time. Her urge increased again, and she had to tighten her grip before she could try a third time. When she could use her left arm again, she made another random attempt to hit it, and this time she succeeded. Suddenly, the door she was leaning against with her whole body opened. She nearly fell out of her room on the hall floor, but was just in time to move her left leg under her.

Only when she felt something changing in her private area she realized this was a bad move; as she stood there in the hall with her legs spread (her feet were more than a meter apart) she felt more warmth spreading between her legs. Alice felt like she had no control over this, but when she realized she was peeing slowly into her pants, the flow decreased and even stopped. As her flow stopped, she immediately looked down at her still spread legs, where she saw her pajama pants now soaked almost down to her knees. She felt relieve, but this was only for a moment. Only 3 seconds after she had stopped peeing, her bladder muscles gave in without warning: she heard a loud hissing sound from in between her legs, and she exploded in her panties.

Her pajama pants were soaked in no time, and trickles were falling down from almost every part of her legs. The huge stream hitting her panties straight from her bladder was divided in 2 big streams, the smallest going down her left leg, flowing over her bare foot and making a small puddle around it. This puddle would soon be consumed by another, much bigger puddle, spreading from Alice’s right foot. It was like a waterfall was going down through her pants leg, becoming even more visible where it ended.

Alice still only half realized what was happening. When the flow subsided and the last trickle had filled her night clothes with pee, she just walked away from the huge puddle spreading through the hall and her room. Alice went down the stairs for her morning routine; after she had used the bathroom, she always went to get some fast senseo coffee. When she had drank half a mug, she started to realize what she was doing; she looked down at her legs and saw her soaked, now mainly dark colored pajama pants and an equally dark spot around her on the couch from her wet clothes. She saw a trail of pee drops going from where she sat towards the kitchen, and a thicker trail from there towards the stairs. There was a small puddle where she had stood next to the coffee machine. Her pants were obviously still dripping pee. She quickly put down her coffee and got up from the couch; she left a big wet spot behind on the fabric.

“How am I going to clean this” Alice thought. She started to look frantically for cleaning liquids and settled on a few of them combined. She poured them over the wet spot with excessive amounts of water. After that, she collected a lot of towels, and started to clean the wet trails she left behind in the house. Luckily it was a tile floor, so it was not that hard to clean. When she got to the carpeted stairs, however, she found out she was too late and her thick trails of pee were already sucked into the carpet. She used the same tactic as she had done with the couch, and went upstairs with a lot of towels to mop up her biggest puddle from the wooden floor upstairs. After this, she cleaned the whole upper floor to be sure no evidence of her accident was left. She hoped all her actions to clean up would work; she did not have a lot of experience cleaning the house.

After this, Alice got in the shower with her soaked pajama’s still on. She first showered herself completely before getting out of her clothes. She wanted to rinse as much of the pee out of them as she could before putting them in the washing machine. When she only had her panties left, she realized how sexy these wet, see-through panties looked on her; her nipples got hard and started to have some pleasure with the showerhead, as she always did when no one was home to hear her. All those other times however, she was completely naked and it would take a while of playing before she came, but now, while watching her privates through her wet panties, her mind quickly wandered to the accidents she had and has seen the last 24 hours, and when she thought of a combination of Nicole wetting her grey sweatpants in her living room and her most recent accident, she immediately felt like she was in heaven. She had undoubtedly the most intense orgasm she ever had.

Alice let herself go completely; she moaned as loud as she could and never wanted this feeling to end. It ended though, and afterwards she just wanted to shower like she normally did, but after letting herself go like that she started to feel some of the coffee she had just drank in her bladder and had some sudden inspiration; she did not, even at that moment, know what had gotten into her, but she stopped the shower and some seconds later started to pee her panties again with the little amount of pee she had collected in the meantime, and her nipples immediately hardened again when she saw her yellow liquid seeping through her panties and running down her legs. While the last trickles flowed through her panties, she started to rub herself and only a few seconds later she came; she could not believe she came this fast again after the first time. She never even came twice a day before today!

After a tiring shower, Alice still had no idea how she could have done this. Why was she getting so aroused from thinking about herself and Nicole having an accident?

Her mind was taken of this immediately, however; when she stepped out of the shower, naked with her soaked clothes in her hands, she saw to her shock that the wooden floor had changed color where her puddle had been; it would now be obvious she had an accident to her parents! Shocked, she first went to wash her clothes downstairs, walking past the couch. What she saw there also shocked her; the couch was wet, but you could exactly tell where Alice had sat. There was a yellow circle visible even when the fabric was soaked.

Alice was feeling hopeless now. She put her clothes in the washing machine and got on the computer to open facebook for the only solution she saw; she had to contact the one person she knew would not tell on anyone if she asked to, and had a lot of experience in having accidents: Nicole.

When she opened facebook, she saw to her surprise she had more than 20 notifications, while she had checked it yesterday evening before she went to bed!

Apparently she was tagged in 3 pictures yesterday evening. She was curious, as she did not know the person who put them on facebook. She opened one, and to her shock she saw herself, in the middle of her accident in the amusement park. “No! No! No!” She screamed, as tears quickly formed in her eyes. Someone had probably recognized her and tagged her! And a few of her classmates had already reacted! She opened another picture, which showed her, crying, running towards the camera and another from her back, running from the camera. She was so distressed after her accident yesterday she did not notice the people making pictures around her. Alice was sitting, sobbing in front of her computer as she deleted the tags and marked the pictures as spam. If she had put on clothes already, her shirt and bra would now be soaked with her tears.

Alice then started a chat with Nicole, who was offline:

“Hey Nicole, could you please come over to my house as soon as you see this? I have some problems…”

Then Alice downed her now cold coffee and dressed herself in red panties, a white strapless bra, a white, slightly see-through shirt and a grey pleaded skirt that goes halfway down to her knees. She then started to play a game on the PC to kill some time until Nicole would come and to get some distraction from what she had just seen.

“Could this day have started worse?” Alice asked herself, forgetting about her new discovery in the shower.

