Code: Desperation

Author: Tsu

*000*2013-10-22 18:23

Five minutes later, the two girls managed to make it up to the girls’ floor in the dorm building. They were only steps away from sweet relief.

“Just…a few…more…” Milly said clenching her bladder tightly, preventing any leakage.

“Hey you two.” One girl in the hallway said. “Nice job in today’s paper…”

“Can’t…talk.” Tamiya said. “Must…get to…toilet.”

“So…close.” Milly said. “Can’t…pee ourselves…now.”

After taking their sweet time, the girls finally made it inside the girls’ showers and up to the toilet stalls.

“So, you take one and I’ll take one?” Tamiya asked.

“I don’t think I can move another foot to the side without leaking.” Milly said. “We’ll just have to use this one.”

“But how?” Tamiya said.

“You sit down like normal and spread your legs and I’ll sit the opposite way.” Milly said. “We’ll pee together at the same time.”

“But if I spread, I’ll instantly pee.” Tamiya said. “The sight and sound could cause you to lose control.”

“Then we’ll pull down our garments and sit simultaneously.” Milly said. “Now let’s go.”

They then opened the door, slid their way inside, legs clamped together and closed and locked the door.

“One…Two…Three…Drop.” Milly said as they both dropped their lower garments, showing each other their nakedness from the waist down: Milly got herself a good look at Tamiya’s young, undeveloped vagina, completely smooth and hairless with a fine slit. Tamiya looked at Milly’s vagina and saw that it was already growing a few red pubic hairs right above her slit. Both girls just blushed; they had been friends for a long time but only now have they seen each other’s most private areas.

“One…Two…Three…Sit.” Milly said as the two girls sat down on the toilet facing each other. As soon as Tamiya spread her legs, both her and Milly let out a huge torrent of pee. Their eyes first opened wide at the force of their pee pouring out of them, but closed their eyes once the feeling of sweet relief set in.

“Ahhhh…” They said happily sighing in relief.

“Oh thank God.” Milly said moaning in ecstasy. “That feels sooo good. I’ve never had to pee so badly in all my life.”

“You’re telling me. I was so sure that I wasn’t gonna make it.” Tamiya said. She then looked between her legs to see both her stream and Milly’s falling into the toilet below. “Hey look, our pee streams are touching.”

Milly then looked down and saw that she was right: The two streams had indeed converged as they fell into the water below, creating a louder than usual symphony of the pleasant tinkle of pee hitting the water in the toilet.

“Yeah.” Milly said giggling.

“What’s so funny?”

“Sorry.” Milly said. “It’s just that it kinda tickles when it all comes out so hard and so fast.”

“I understand.” Tamiya said. “I never want this feeling to stop.”

Both just continued to sigh in relief as they continued to watch and listen to each other tinkle. Eventually, the streams died down until only a few drops fell from between their labia. They each then grabbed a couple squares of toilet paper.

“Here, let me wipe you.” Tamiya said. “Some of it was my pee splashing back and hitting your private place.”

“Okay.” Milly said. “But only if I get to wipe you.”

They each then folded their toilet paper and wiped the pee droplets off each other’s vaginas, from the surface of their lower lips to right deep in their slits. They then dropped the wet paper into the toilet and looked down as they readjusted their garments.

“Wow, we really peed a lot.” Tamiya said admiring the pale yellow liquid in the toilet bowl.

“Yeah.” Milly said. “I’m just glad it’s finally over.”

They then flushed the toilet and walked outside of the stall to wash their hands. As they washed themselves thoroughly with the soap and water, Sissi came up to them.

“So you figured it out.” She said to them.

“Yep.” Milly said. “Sorry about spoiling your big chance to humiliate us.”

“Oh, I wouldn’t count on that.” Sissi said pulling out a small camcorder. “Take a look.”

Sissi then played a recent recording, which showed every last second of the two girls relieving themselves in the toilet, including a few close-up shots of their vaginas, complete with flowing pee and wiping.

“What?” Milly said blushing. “How did…?”

“Did you honestly think I wouldn’t have a back up plan?” Sissi asked. “Boy, I can’t wait to show this to the rest of the school.”

“You can’t do that.” Milly said. “You’ll get in trouble.”

“It will be worth it.” Sissi said. “Especially after what you did to me.”

“Please don’t show this video.” Tamiya pleaded. “We’ll do anything.”

“Yes. Yes.” Milly said begging. “Anything you want. Just don’t show that video.”

“All I ask is that you never film anyone going to the bathroom or doing anything they wouldn’t normally do in public.” Sissi said. “You didn’t like it when I filmed you guys, did you?”

“No, I guess not.” Milly said.

“Then don’t do it to other people.” Sissi said. “You promise?”

“We promise.” Milly and Tamiya said.

Sissi then deleted the video.

“Good.” Sissi said. “Now see to it that you respect other people’s privacy just as I respected yours.”

With that, Sissi walked out as Milly and Tamiya finished washing their hands. Just then, Yumi and Aelita came out of the toilet stalls and went to wash their hands alongside Milly and Tamiya.

“We heard everything.” Yumi said. “I guess you’ve all learned your lesson.”

“We sure did.” Tamiya said. “I just can’t believe how Sissi let us off the hook so easily.”

“I told you she could see the error of her ways.” Milly said.

“Either way, you certainly peed so much for such small children.” Aelita said. “We could hear you moaning and your pee splashing for a good two minutes. How long were you holding it?”

“Long enough.” Milly said.

The four girls then laughed.

“Hey, thanks for not telling anyone.” Tamiya said.

“No problem.” Yumi said. “We figured since you learned your lesson, it’s only fair if we keep quiet ourselves.”

“Yeah.” Milly said.

With that, the four girls left ready to call it a day.

}}

Chapter 4: Yumi's Stand

{{:

Years ago, the Ishiyama family decided it would be a good idea to take their children camping in the woods for the weekend. When the kids were told of this plan, they could only give mixed reactions: Hiroki, on one hand, was excited to be roughing it out while Yumi, on the other hand, was less than thrilled. Being the young ten-year old girl she was, she couldn’t really say she was looking forward to being away from civilization with no bathing, no homemade food and no nice safe house. Nevertheless, she reluctantly came so that her family wouldn’t be too upset. Over the course of the first day, Yumi learned quite a bit from both of her parents about surviving the camping experience, such as which plants are safe, how to pitch a tent and of course her mother had to teach her how girls peed in the woods, which brings us to the main point of this story.

It was the middle of the night. Yumi and her mother were sleeping in one tent while her father and Hiroki were in another. Yumi woke up from her sleeping bag with an oh-so familiar feeling in her abdomen. Afraid to go out alone, she decided to wake her mother and have her come with her.

“Mama?” Yumi asked shaking her.

“Hmm?” Yumi’s mother said waking up. “What is it, Sweetie?”

“Mama, I have to go pee.” Yumi said. “Can you come with me?”

“Oh sure.” Yumi’s mother said. “In fact, I was just about to go myself.”

The two then unzipped the tent and walked about ten feet until reaching a nearby bush.

“You know, I’m glad you and I woke up for this.” Yumi’s mother said. “Now I can teach you a more convenient way to pee outside.”

“Aren’t you just going to squat in the bushes like you taught me?”

“We can, but I’d think you’d like this.” Yumi’s mom said. “I’m gonna show you how a girl pees standing up.”

“But only boys can do that.”Yumi said.

“Girls can too. It just takes a bit of practice.” Yumi’s mother said. “Now just watch me and do what I do.”

She began by lowering her pajama bottoms and underwear down to her knees, exposing her unshaven vagina.

“Once everything is out of the way, you just take your hands and make a triangle.”

She said making a triangle with her thumbs on the bottom and the rest of her fingers on the other two sides. “Then place it on your vagina like so.”

She then placed her hands up against her privates so that her thumbs were right below her waist.

“Now, bend your knees.”

She bent her knees.

“Spread your legs.”

She spread her legs

“Thrust your hips.”

She thrust her hips forward.

“Spread with your fingers.”

She spread her labia apart with her index fingers. “And…”

Suddenly, a thin trickle of pee emerged and splattered all over the bush with a loud pitter-patter as the stream grew. Eventually the stream came to a stop.

“Now shake your hips and you’re done.” She said shaking her hips back and forth to get the remaining wetness out. “Now it’s your turn.”

“Okay.” Yumi said pulling her bottoms down showing her petite, prepubescent vagina. She then placed her hands in a triangle and placed it on her vagina just like her mother.

“Now, bend your knees.” Yumi’s mother said.

“Yumi bent her knees.

“Spread your legs.”

Yumi spread her legs

“Thrust your hips.”

Yumi thrust her hips forward.

“Spread with your fingers.”

Yumi spread her labia apart with her index fingers. “And…”

Just like her mother, a jet of pee also escaped from Yumi’s urethra and loudly splattered on the dirt and bush below, at least for the first few seconds. After that, she had lost control and the rest of her pee just splattered in her underpants. When she finished, she looked down to examine the damage.

“Aww, I splattered all over my PJs.” Yumi cried.

“Don’t worry, practice makes perfect.” Yumi’s mother said pulling her bottoms back up. “Just give your hips a shake and we’ll hang your clothes out to dry.”

Yumi then shook her hips and handed her wet clothes to her mother. Completely naked from the waist down, she headed back to the tent with her mother to change into a new set of pajama bottoms and head off to sleep.

Many years later, Yumi had been attending Kadic Academy and made a few new friends. As her time in school passed, she found herself joining the battle against a computer program known as XANA in a virtual world, Lyoko, hidden in a supercomputer in a factory miles away from the school. One night, she and her friends, Jeremie, Odd, Ulrich and Aelita climbed out of a manhole in the woods near school grounds (their passageway to and from the factory) after a successful mission on Lyoko. As they were walking back, Aelita noticed that Yumi was walking rather slowly behind the group.

“Is something the matter Yumi?” Aelita asked.

“Not at all.” Yumi said. “I just need to go to the bathroom; I haven’t done so all day.”

“Well we are in the woods at night.” Aelita said. “Do you wanna just go pee in the bushes?”

“That’s quite alright.” Yumi said. “I can hold it until I get back home.”

“You say you haven’t gone all day. For that, I recommend you relieve yourself now and get it over with.” Aelita said. “Besides, I kinda have to go too, so I can come with you.”

“Well, okay.” Yumi said.

The two girls then ducked out of the group and headed towards the nearest bush.

Aelita then pulled down her panties to her knees and hiked her dress up to expose her vagina, covered in natural pink hairs like the hair on her head. She then bent down slightly and put her fingers up against her labia and began to pee. Yumi watched in awe as Aelita’s pee splattered on the ground with a loud hiss.

“You’re peeing standing up.” Yumi said.

“Yeah.” Aelita said. “When you’re living in the mountains near the woods, secluded from anything else, you tend to take advantage of that. And my mom was the best teacher.”

“Just like mine.” Yumi said.

“Oh?” Aelita asked. “Have you tried to do it standing up?”

“A few times.” Yumi said. “But I couldn’t do it without getting it on my clothes or feet. My first try was at a camping trip with my family like four years ago and my mom would occasionally let me practice in the backyard.”

“Well, do you wanna give it another try?” Aelita asked as her pee stream subsided and wiping her vagina with a leaf.

“I guess.” Yumi said unsnapping and unzipping her pants and lowering them to her knees with her panties. She then placed her hands around her jet black-haired vagina and spread her labia with her index fingers. Immediately, a thick stream of pee emerged and also made its way to the bush with a loud hiss, until a few seconds later when it started to hit her pants.

“Oh no.” Yumi said trying hard to cut off her stream.

“It’s okay, you’re doing great. But it helps to manipulate your labia and rotating your hips.” Aelita said demonstrating for her. “That’s how us girls can aim. Now you try.”

Yumi then got back into position and spread her labia. When she started to pee again, she did as Aelita told her and moved her labia and hips in an attempt to aim her stream in the foliage. Even though she still managed to sprinkle a bit on her feet and pants, she was doing a better job at getting it on the bush than she did not only a few seconds ago, but also during the camping trip when she was ten. Eventually, her stream became a trickle and died down.

“Nice job, Yumi.” Aelita said pulling up her panties.

“Really?” Yumi said wiping her vagina with a leaf and pulling up her pants. “Because I feel like I could’ve done better.”

“Well, it was your first time in a while.” Aelita said. “Unlike you, I’ve just had more practice.”

“Hey, don’t forget who taught you how to pee in not only the woods, but also the toilet when we first materialized you.” Yumi quipped.

“Oh, I haven’t forgotten that.” Aelita said laughing.

The two then made their way back to their respective places, wanting to be ready for the next day.

The next day, Yumi found herself in a rather unfortunate predicament. She was stuck in class and she hadn’t gone to the bathroom all day. She wanted to go before she left for school, but she overslept and had only enough time to get dressed and grab something to drink before heading out. To make matters worse, she had a test in her first class and wasn’t allowed to leave until all of class was dismissed. An hour had passed in class and she was almost done with her test.

As she squeezed her legs and rubbed them together against her privates, she tried as hard as she could to keep her mind off her bladder and just focus on finishing the test. She looked up at the clock and saw that five minutes were remaining in the period. Knowing she was so close (she had only ten questions left to answer), she put all her focus to finishing up this test before the time ran out. Unfortunately, due to her predicament, she found it harder and harder to focus on and understand the questions given. With the bell about to ring, and her bladder about to give way, she realized she had no other option. Taking her pencil, she just filled out a single column of letters on the last questions and set her pencil down. Just then, the bell rang.

Not bothering with grabbing her stuff, she just grabbed the test, handed it to the teacher and ran out the door. As she was running down the halls with her hands on her crotch, she finally came across the nearest girls’ restroom only to find the door printed with the dreaded words:

OUT OF ORDER.

Yumi just winced in pain as the need to urinate grew and grew. Bouncing up and down and squeezing her crotch tighter, she looked over at the boys’ restroom and saw that it was open. Being a girl, she knew that she couldn’t just waltz in and relieve herself there. But she knew that this was no time to hesitate. The next nearest girls’ restroom was all the way on the other side of the hall; she knew she couldn’t make it. With no other option, she ran straight inside the boys’ room.

Immediately, she made her way to the stalls, only to find all three of them were either occupied or dirty beyond use. Groaning in pain and with little options, she could only turn to one solution: The urinals.

Again, being a girl, Yumi had absolutely no experience with a urinal and never thought she would have to end up using one. Boy was she wrong. Not wanting to keep her pee pent-up in her bladder any longer, she slowly made her way over to the urinal in the center.

“Mom. Aelita. Let’s hope your lessons will pay off.” Yumi said to herself.

Taking her hands off her crotch, she used her Kegel muscles to keep herself from leaking as she unsnapped and unzipped her pants and lowered them to her knees with her panties. She then bent her knees, spread her legs, bent her hips forward, spread her labia apart and just relaxed.

Immediately, a heavy golden stream emerged from her urethra and made contact with the porcelain in front of her. Rocking her hips and adjusting her labia to control the stream, she sighed happily in relief as all her pee left her aching abdomen and painted the side and drain of the urinal with a nice yellow hue. Yumi was amazed; not only with how much she was peeing, but also with how much was actually hitting the urinal. In fact, she hadn’t spilled one drop on her pants or shoes; she was happy that after nearly four years, she had perfected the art of peeing standing up. This combined with her relief and euphoria of her emptying her bladder made for the best feeling she had in a long time.

However, she would soon see that that feeling could immediately leave…

When she finally finished her business, she wiped her vagina with the sleeve of her shirt (she had no toilet paper and she didn’t want to have to ask someone to pass someone a paper towel or something) only to catch something in the corner of her eye. She looked and saw Johnny, Hiroki’s friend, blushing as he got a good view of her peeing. On the other side, she saw her friend Ulrich doing the same thing and blushing as well. Yumi’s face just turned completely red at the thought of these two boys getting a good look at her most private act. She could’ve just screamed her brains out at them, but knowing that she got herself into this mess in the first place, she just calmly asked…

“Did you enjoy the show?”

“Sorry.” Ulrich said. “I was only curious.”

“Yeah.” Johnny said. “I’ve never seen a girl pee standing up before; I was always told it’s impossible.”

“Well, was your curiosity satisfied then?” Yumi asked pulling up her pants and flushing the urinal.

“Yeah, we both got a perfect view.” Johnny said.

“You were just so relieved and in concentration that you just didn’t notice us.” Ulrich said.

“Well, just don’t do it again.” Yumi said washing her hands. “Otherwise I won’t be afraid to tell Mr. Delmas what you saw. And we all know what happened to Milly and Tamiya when they spied on Sissi.”

“And what will you tell them?” Ulrich asked. “That you went to pee in the boys’ bathroom?”

“No, I’ll just tell him that you snuck into the girls’ room to watch me.” Yumi said with a smirk.

“You wouldn’t.” Johnny said. “Fine, we’ll make sure not to watch you.”

“Good.” Yumi said.

With that, she headed off ready to start her next class.

}}

Chapter 5: Hiroki and Johnny's Predicament.

{{:

The bell rang.

The last of the morning classes at Kadic was finally over and everyone was heading off to the cafeteria for a good lunch (relatively speaking of course). Everyone, that is except for two students: Hiroki Ishiyama and his friend Johnny. Although hungry, they both had an urgent need that had to be taken care of that had been bothering them since this morning.

“Thank goodness that’s over.” Hiroki said. “I haven’t had to pee this bad since that road trip I took with my family last summer.”

“Well, let’s just hurry it up.” Johnny said lightly covering his private area. “I don’t know how much longer I can hold out.”

“Come on, the boys’ room is just down the hall.” Hiroki said. “If you could hold it in for two hours, you should be able to make it thirty seconds.”

True to his word, Hiroki managed to lead his desperate friend over to the boys’ restroom in only half a minute. Unfortunately, they caught eye of a rather unpleasant message pasted on the door.

“’Restroom is being cleaned’?” Johnny whined squeezing his legs and hopping up and down. “But I really have to go!”

“We’ll just have to go use the other restroom.” Hiroki said fidgeting.

“But that’s all the way at the other side of the building.” Johnny said. “I’ll wet myself before we get there.”

“Well, we could always sneak into the girls’ restroom.” Hiroki said.

“Are you crazy?” Johnny said. “We can’t do that.”

“They have nothing we haven’t seen before, right Johnny?” Hiroki said with a smug look.

“That was an accident!” Johnny exclaimed. “She’s the one who wanted to try using the urinal.”

“Look, you and I both know that neither of us can find a toilet without wetting ourselves, you especially.” Hiroki said. “So I guess we have no choice.”

“What do you mean?” Johnny asked suspiciously.

“Well, we’re both boys, younger than most and the courtyard isn’t too far from here.” Hiroki said. “So…”

“You’re not.” Johnny said.

“Why don’t we just…?” Hiroki said.

“You’re really not.”

“…Pee in the bushes?”

“No, that’s just indecent!” Johnny exclaimed.

“Why not?” Hiroki said. “Me and Yumi did it all the time in our backyard when we were little.”

“Yeah, but now that we’re older, we know better than that.” Johnny said. “Besides, what if we get caught?”

“Would you rather be stuck with wet jeans for the rest of the day?” Hiroki asked.

Johnny just sighed.

“Let’s use the bushes.” Johnny said.

A short walk later and the two made it to the nearest courtyard. To their good luck, they managed to find a decent-sized bush wide enough for the both of them. They hobbled inside and saw that it came up to just above their waists, providing more than enough privacy.

“Perfect, now let’s get this over with.” Johnny said.

The two then unzipped their pants, but couldn’t get any farther after Hiroki caught something in the corner of his eye.

“Get down.” He whispered crouching out of sight and pulling Johnny down with him.

The two then peeked up and saw Jim walking down the corridor right in front of them.

“That was close.” Johnny said. “I still need to go pee though.”

“Me too, but there’s too many witnesses around here.” Hiroki said. “We can try the garden shed near the woods. Nobody ever goes there during school hours. Do you think you can make it?”

Johnny just nodded.

“Good.” Hiroki said as he and Johnny zipped up their flies and headed out. “Let’s hurry before someone sees us.”

After a slightly longer walk, the two boys found themselves at the garden shed, and as Hiroki said, nobody was around.

“Alright, let’s do this for real now.” Johnny said.

The two then hobbled behind the shed with their hands grasping their crotches.

“What do you think you’re doing?” Johnny said

“What’s it look like?” Hiroki asked. “I’m peeing with you.”

“No you’re not, someone has to stand guard.” Johnny said.

“Well, why does it have to be me?” Hiroki asked.

“Because I have to go worse than you do.” Johnny said.

“Not true!” Hiroki said.

“Fine then, we’ll rock-paper-scissors for it.” Johnny said.

“Deal.”

“Rock! Paper! Scissors!” The two shouted as Johnny held out two fingers and Hiroki held out his hand flat.

“Best of three?” Hiroki asked.

“Just get back.” Johnny pointed. “Stay there and don’t look until I’m done.”

“Fine.” Hiroki said with his back turned.

Johnny then turned around; there was no turning back now. He immediately unzipped his pants, undid the button on his boxer shorts and took out his penis and aimed at the grass below with both hands. After a few seconds, a spurt of pee came out and grew into a large, golden stream, arching forward and hitting the grass below with a loud hissing and splattering sound.

Although Hiroki couldn’t see him, he could hear clear as day the pitter-patter of the pee stream and the sighs of relief; it brought him back to his own ‘backyard days’ and watching his sister pee for the first time, back when they didn’t care who saw whose private acts. However, these thoughts, combined with the continuing sounds of splattering liquids, only increased his own urgency to urinate and was tempted to just run next to him and whip it out. But Johnny was his friend; he couldn’t just leave him exposed for any student or, heaven forbid, Jim to catch him in the act.

“Ahhhh…” Johnny sighed, his eyes lowered and head leaned back. After realizing he had been peeing for a long time and still felt like he had a lot more in him, he decided to be a bit more daring and try something he always wanted to do. He turned slightly so that he was facing the concrete wall of the shed. He then aimed his stream at the wall, creating a slightly different splattering sound. Using the stream as his guide, he ‘painted’ a large capital ‘J’ right on the wall, followed by an ‘O’, then ‘H’, and so on until the word ‘JOHNNY’ was spelled out right on the wall. Right when he spelled out the final letter, his pee stream finally subsided into a few trickles and drops. He then stood back to admire his handiwork: The pee graffiti on the wall and the large puddle of foam in the grass. He then pushed out his last spurts of urine, gave his penis a few good shakes, placed it back in his pants and underwear, buttoned his underwear and zipped up his pants.

“Okay, I’m all done.” Johnny said smiling.

“Wow, you really did have to pee.” Hiroki said surprised.

“Told you.”

“Alright, now it’s my turn.” Hiroki said. However, just as he unzipped his pants, the warning bell rang, signifying that lunch was over and that class would start soon.

“Damn it.” Hiroki said zipping his pants back up.

“There’s still time for a quick pee if you hurry.” Johnny said.

“By the time I finish, I’ll be late enough.” Hiroki said. “I’ll just have to hold on until school’s over.”

“Well, good luck to you.” Johnny said.

And luck was all he had…

By sheer luck, Hiroki was able to make it through the entire day without leaking even a tiny bit, however, he wasn’t out of the woods yet. After packing up and leaving school grounds, he knew that he had still quite a walk to go before he reached the sweet relief of his own toilet. His situation became dire; his bladder in pain, screaming at him to just release the pee that it is still struggling to hold. Hiroki, however, wasn’t going to just let it go out in the open; he had to press on.

After running all the way from the school to his home, hands squeezing his privates and hopping up and down each time he tried to catch his breath, he finally came across his home. Before running inside, he looked at the sakura tree in his front yard and briefly considered sprinkling on it like a makeshift urinal, lest he risk wetting himself. Only he realized that he was out in the open, not hidden away like in his backyard or by the school’s garden shed. The tree was not an option. Fortunately, his next option was also his closest: The house’s bathroom. Hiroki made his way inside his house, still trying to keep himself from leaking. He reached the bathroom door, turned the knob, only to find out, to his utter disbelief, the door was locked.

‘No time to knock, let alone wait.’ Hiroki thought to himself.

Immediately, he kicked the door open right on the knob, breaking the latch and freeing the door. He then paused to see his sister, Yumi, with her pants and underwear already dropped down and about to sit on the toilet.

“Hiroki!” Yumi screamed. “What the hell do you think you’re doing? Get out!”

“No time!” Hiroki exclaimed. “I have to pee. I had to pee all morning, I couldn’t pee in the bathroom, I almost got caught peeing in the bushes, I missed my chance to pee by the shed and I was too nervous to pee on the tree near our house. So I suggest you get off the toilet and let me do my business.”

“Tough.” Yumi said sitting on the toilet. “I was here first.”

“Then you leave me no choice.” Hiroki said walking up to his sister.

“What are you doing?” Yumi asked.

Hiroki said nothing. He just unzipped his pants, unbuttoned his boxers, took out his penis, pulled back his foreskin (unlike his friend, Hiroki remained uncircumcised) and let loose a thick stream of pee on Yumi’s lap.

“Oh, gross!” Yumi said spreading her legs, giving Hiroki a clear shot at the water below.

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.” Hiroki sighed as his previously pent-up urine flowed freely into its proper place. Yumi couldn’t help but look at the golden arching stream all the way up to its source. Luckily, the only things on Hiroki’s mind were waterfalls, streams, floods and dams bursting under pressure; he was so immersed in relief that he didn’t notice Yumi watching him.

After nearly two and a half minutes, the stream slowed and stopped. Hiroki shook his penis, redid his pants and walked up to flush the toilet.

“Wait a minute.” Yumi said. “You still have to clean up the mess you made.”

“What mess?” Hiroki asked.

“Well, aside from my legs, your aim was a bit off.” Yumi said pointing to her urine-soaked pubic hair. “You got your pee all over my bush; I haven’t had a chance to go yet.”

“This is why it’s so much easier to just shave.” Hiroki said grabbing a few squares of toilet paper and wiping Yumi’s legs.

“I’ll do it when I feel the need to, now do your job.” Yumi said.

“Fine.” Hiroki said reaching towards her vagina and wiping the golden droplets clinging to the curly black hairs.

Once he finished, Yumi immediately let loose her pee onto Hiroki’s hand for a brief second and then cut it off.

“Eww!” Hiroki exclaimed.

“There, now we’re even.” Yumi said smirking.

“I’ll get you back.” Hiroki said.

“With what? You already emptied your bladder.” Yumi said. “Tell you what, since I watched you pee, you can watch me right now.”

“Really?” Hiroki asked. “Like when we were little before we got in the tub?”

“Exactly.” Yumi said.

“Wait, you were watching me pee?” Hiroki asked.

“Nevermind that.” Yumi said. “Besides, you pretty much destroyed the door, so it’s already like I have no privacy.”

“Well, go ahead then.” Hiroki said.

Immediately, Yumi resumed her after-school pee and gave Hiroki the full show: The sight of the thick, golden liquid leaving her urethra, the melodious tinkle, tinkle sound of the stream hitting the water and even the slight warm aroma that came with it. Once finished, she wiped her vagina, dropped the toilet paper in with her golden gifts, alongside the paper Hiroki used to clean Yumi, and then flushed.

“Remember, this never happened.” Yumi said as the two walked out. “And I won’t be giving you any more shows after this, so remember it fondly.”

“Don’t worry.” Hiroki said. “I won’t forget this for a long, long time.”

}}

*002*2013-10-23 01:14

{{:

Well that was certainly exciting :O

I particularly favor chapter 4. All the peeing while standing... absolutely marvelous. Your stories are very well written and very well organized. It's rare to see a fanfic that has its paragraphs nicely spaced and with nigh perfect spelling and grammar. I'm afraid I don't have any constructive criticism to offer D:

Well done. I enjoyed reading those a lot.

}}

Thank you so much. Coming form you, that means a lot.

Expect more updates soon.

*004*2013-10-23 04:43

{{:

Not familiar with the show but really liked this story nonetheless. What other shows are you familiar with? I would love to see a Sailor Moon omo fanfic.

}}

Unfortunately, I'm not all that knowledgeable on Sailor Moon, nor did it leave enough of a lasting impact on me. I really only write about shows/anime that have nostalgia value to me, but fortunately for most, it's not limited to obscure French cartoons.

Plus, I try to write about stuff that hasn't been done a million times unless I'm sure I can bring something better that no one else has.

*006*2013-10-23 05:19

{{:

Cool, what shows have nostalgia value for you?

}}

Azumanga Daioh is my favorite anime series of all time; plenty of omo-fodder there as well.

I also find inspiration in Kino's Journey, another obscure anime series.

But really, all my attention is really focused on Code Lyoko. So other than those two, I'm not really sure I can write about any other show.

*008*2013-12-31 04:46

Finally, a new chapter has been written. Hopefully next time, I can do better than this.

Chapter 6: After Hours

It was nighttime at Kadic Academy. Jeremie and Aelita were coming back from the factory after a routine Lyoko mission. Fortunately, this was a mere research mission with no XANA attack in sight so Odd, Ulrich and Yumi were not needed for that night. When Aelita and Jeremie made their way out of the sewers and on school grounds, Aelita felt a strong sensation in her bladder: The urge to go to the bathroom. Normally she would just duck behind the bushes for a tinkle right about now, but Jeremie was in a hurry to get back to his dorm so that he and Aelita can look over the data they found. However, this was an emergency and Aelita had no choice but to let Jeremie know of her dilemma.

“Excuse me, Jeremie.” Aelita said. “Would you mind waiting a minute? I really need to go pee.”

“Aelita, we’re out far past curfew as it is.” Jeremie said. “Why didn’t you go when we were still at the factory?”

“I didn’t have to go then.” Aelita said.

“Well, we can’t stay out any later or we could risk Jim catching us.” Jeremie said. “Can you hold it until we get back in the dorms?”

Aelita just nodded.

“Good.” Jeremie said. “Just try not to think about using the bathroom in the meantime.”

After making it to the boys’ dormitories, Jeremie and Aelita quietly made their way to Jeremie’s room, hoping not to wake anyone up or, heaven forbid, alert Jim of their presence. For Aelita, though, this was the last thing on her mind. With her hands pressed against her crotch as her urge to urinate increased greatly, she noticed the door to the boys’ showers. Surely Jeremie wouldn’t mind if she snuck out for a bit while she did her business. Just as she was about to, though, Jeremie grabbed her arm and dragged her into his room and slowly closed the door.

“Jeremie, what are you…?”

“Shh…” Jeremie said as he gestured toward the peephole on the door. “Look.”

Aelita looked and saw Jim patrolling the halls with a flashlight, looking to see if any student was dumb enough to be out this late past curfew.

“That was close.” Aelita said. “I think I felt myself leak a bit.”

“Do you still have to go?” Jeremie said.

“Of course.” Aelita said. “There’s plenty more where that came from.”

“Too much information.” Jeremie said. “Either way, it looks like it’s not gonna happen.”

“What? But I have to pee.” Aelita said bouncing up and down.

“If Jim catches you up here, it’s detention for both of us.” Jeremie said. “And we need each other to decipher these codes.”

“But…”

“No buts.” Jeremie said. “You’re just gonna have to hold it until the heat’s off.”

“But that could take all night.” Aelita winced. “Isn’t that dangerous?”

“Don’t worry Aelita.” Jeremie said nonchalantly. “Nobody has ever died of a full bladder.”

“If you say so.” Aelita said.

Jeremie and Aelita then got to work on the data they had uncovered. The two would take turns sifting through the data so that Aelita could focus on holding it. However, once Aelita’s turn came, she could barely get anything done due to her being distracted by her aching bladder. She desperately wanted to take a break so she could have a nice pee and not worry about anything else. But every time she asked or tried to make a break for it, Jeremie would give her the same response: It’s too risky.

Aelita knew that after the Skidbladnir debacle that they had no choice but to keep low, but she never imagined that such heightened security would come at a time where her bladder was screaming for release. Why didn’t she just go in the factory, or better yet, just take off her panties and peed as she walked across the woods. Either way it was too late now, she either had to pee here and now, or go through an incredibly painful night of keeping her bladder from leaking. As time passed, she knew she had no choice.

“Jeremie, please!” Aelita said rubbing her legs against each other. “Surely you must have an alternative.”

“Well…” Jeremie said digging through the junk on his desk. He then found an empty water bottle, perfect for holding a large amount of liquid.

“Here you go.” Jeremie said handing it to her. Aelita just stared at the bottle dumbfounded.

“Jeremie, I can’t pee in a water bottle.” Aelita said. “I’m a girl.”

“Oh, my mistake.” Jeremie said embarrassed. “If I had a funnel, it would probably help.”

“Well you don’t, so keep looking.” Aelita snapped.

“Alright alright.” Jeremie said.

He continued to look around the room, hoping to find something for the poor girl to relieve herself in. Just then, he noticed a large drum shape object in the corner of his room.

“A wastebasket, perfect.” Jeremie said picking it up. “It’s just about the same shape and size of a regular toilet; it’s perfect for you.”

“I guess I have no choice.” Aelita said still in pain.

“Hold on.” Jeremie said. He then grabbed a box of tissue paper and set a few layers across the bottom of the can. “This is so your pee doesn’t echo in the can.”

“Thanks.” Aelita said. “But I am gonna need a couple sheets for cleaning myself when I’m done.”

Jeremie just handed her a couple sheets of tissue and Aelita went over to the trashcan.

“Don’t look.” She snapped.

As soon as Jeremie turned around, Aelita lifted her nightshirt up partway and lowered her panties, exposing the lovely pink hair covering her vagina. Once her garments were out of the way, she immediately hovered over the large container and relaxed. Once relaxed, a large torrent of pee made its way out of her body and splattered onto the tissue-lined bottom of the can. As the pain left her bladder, Aelita let out an audible sigh in sweet relief; she never had to go this badly in her life and she was glad she finally did. Although he still had his head turned, Jeremie couldn’t help but blush as he heard his close friend sigh and giggle in relief as she was doing such a private act only inches away from him.

After just over a minute, Aelita’s pee stream began to die down. After pushing out the last few spurts, she looked in awe at the yellow liquid below her and on her pubic hairs and between her labia. She then grabbed a tissue sheet and wiped her vagina until not a drop of urine remained stuck to her.

Just then the door opened.

“What is going on in here?” They heard a voice shout as a bright light shone at their faces.

Jeremie and Aelita looked and saw that Jim had heard them and wanted to see who was being this noisy at this late at night. However, they noticed Jim drifted off as his attention shifted to Aelita, still naked from the waist down on her makeshift toilet as she finished wiping herself and dropped the tissue paper in the wastebasket.

“Sorry Jim, I just…”

“You two!” He shouted. “Principal’s office. First thing tomorrow morning.”

He then slammed the door and walked out. Aelita then just glared at Jeremie.

“So much for keeping it low, right Jeremie?” She asked angrily.

“Hey, at least you’re relieved now, right?” Jeremie asked awkwardly.

“Whatever.” Aelita said leaving the room. “Goodnight Jeremie.”

With that, Jeremie called it a night. With what had happened these past few minutes, it wasn’t like he was going to be focused enough to get any work done now.
