A Siren's needs

Author: Theomoman

*000*2019-06-20 21:41

MoWell here we go my first one, im typing on the worlds most smallest keyboard, so there may be some spelling mastakes.

This is about Lillith from borderlands, whom i have fallen in love with recently.

She was with Roland as usual, when Claptrap suddenly burst into the room. Of corse that usually ment trouble. But Lillith had some problems of her own, being a Siren she was really good with magic but no magic could fix her problem, she needed to pee and she needed it now. As Claptrap went on in His usual way Lillth was focusing on keeping one slender leg over another and grinding, She had learned this new tactic from Moxxy that She liked to call grinding, but She leared it was not also good for bed play, and it was unnoticable too! But not even that could clench her need, eventully she had to put her hands between her legs to stop the pressure between her nicely shaped legs. About 10 minutes passed and The Siren was running out of flexable positions and time. By the time all the planning was done Her body graduated from mild pain to screaming need, She was trying to be gracefull and hope Roland didn't notice her but Her efforts were pointless after Roland asked if she was okay.

She replied "Yes" but She knew she needed to void herself before She drenches her favorite outfit, but Her odds were low and she knew it, before a mission Roland wastes no time. Even when it's a simple rescue, She knew This was no diffrent, Her focus was broken by Roland calling her name, And she didn't notice as a steady wave of Eridum stained pee flowed down Her tattoed legs, She clechned it just in time but didn't hide Her surprise she made a little sqeal and a trupting noise.

Again Roland's all knowing voice came through " are you Alright" He said She was growing impatient, even if normaly that voice would of sent hope and erotic pleasure through her. And it came through " yes im fine and your constant nagging is getting old" He looked at Her with hopeless sadness, and looked away and put His hands to his belt. That was His sign of contentment, She had to sit up like a pregant Woman due to her baloon baldder, and walk towards the door away from Her planning room/ bedroom sadly She didn't make it as far as the door, when her body started it's void it was slow at first but then faster as she tried to stop her body, at a strange angle for and hold for dear life.

SsssssSSSPHHHHHH

As the siren's face turned red, but then before She was done she was being picked up into the air still mid pee. " wait im not done" She heard herself say but She was not to worried about that, as her lips were givng an odd pleasure along with her pee escape. She relized she was being rubbed and she knew why, as she found the corage to stand up She knew what she needed to do, " Lay down" She heard herself say, as She lay on top of Her lover and let out the rest of the contents of her baldder rocking Herself back in forth as She did so, Her clothes becoming soaked with Her own wetness mixed with her pee, and when She was finished Roland took his girl in his arms and rocked Her world

After their moment of love Lillith relized Roland forgot about the mission and to lock the door, and she suddenly found a presence standing at the door, making a tisc risc sound finally saying

"My girl you have mastered the Grind"

