Requests

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-03-26 02:57

Can someone please do a story about any of the following characters? Can be separate according to series or can be a crossover, I don't care which:

Misty from Pokemon (either with her jean shorts or her Advanced Generation outfit, or if you're feeling generous, do one scenario for each). There's some for May and Dawn, why not her? Serenity from Yu-Gi-Oh (with her Battle City outfit, a.k.a. the jean shorts) Videl from Dragon Ball Z, with either of her two outfits that come with the skintight black shorts. (Can be before or after her haircut)

Princess Daisy, wearing her sports outfit from Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games (the orange shorts, not the Aquatics or Equestrian) Blaze the Cat, wearing her Aquatics outfit from Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games (the long skintight black shorts). The pony Rainbow Dash, wearing either her Equestria Games outfit or some skintight full body outfit (like her Wonderbolt suit, or something like what Twilight and Pinkie Pie wear in It's About Time) The Equestria Girls version of Rainbow Dash, with her main outfit. (Yeah, I really like to fetishize Rainbow Dash. I guess I'm that attracted to her) Requirements:

Whoever the story is about has to wet herself all the way, without getting her shorts/pants down first. No diapers No scat Don't make it too sexual to anyone without the fetish (which is to say, no graphic description of nudity - though they're allowed to undress after their accident - and no fluids besides pee coming from her crotch).

What can I say, I'm very particular about my preferences Feel free to make them find they enjoyed it, or as embarrassed about it as you want. (Don't leave them too depressed by the end though, I might be hardcore into this but at the same time I am a little soft) If you're doing Blaze, she can go into the water after she wets herself, but preferably not before. The cause of the wetting can be: Being unable to hold it anymore, out of fear, laughing too hard (like tickling), or intentionally just because, though I'd kind of like the desperation for a good portion of it. Preferably anyone who's seen the shows and knows the characters. If you only know one or a few, that's all right, just do them, and let someone else do the others.

I haven't really found any stories for any of them, and I've written some about them but it feels more real to read someone else's than your own. Besides, I've tried writing fanfics for an audience and I didn't write high enough quality to please those with the fetish.

