A sticky situation

Author: Themaster258

*000*2016-10-14 00:33

Sooo, I have been more of a silent reader in this forum. I have decided to change that. Right now I'm working on improving my english and a suggestion was to write something.

This is the first thing I've ever written and I must say it was quite fun.

I really hope it is actually enjoyable.

„Are you sure this is the right place?“ asked John.

They stood in front of a small cavern entrance, a musky smell hung around wavering from the entrance.

Nova took a sip from her water skin and nodded.

“My tongue has never failed you, has it?”

Her forked tongue shot out of her mouth. She raised her eyebrows.

“Well there aren't any food stalls this time round,” said Finn.

“Shut up elf boy,” said Nova.

Her eyes narrowed as she started staring down the elf.

“It's true, you are a glutton,” he said, gesturing down her thick snake like tail.

“Stop it,” said John.

This would end like always, he thought. Finn angers Nova and she usually dislocates some of his limbs. Why would you anger the woman who is part snake and could crush you like a mouse? John just shook his head a little, listening to Finn and Nova arguing. John got them to stop eventually.

“Should we discuss the plan again?”

“I know my part,” said Nova, “I don't know if he does.” She hinted at Finn with her shoulders.

“Of course I do.”

“OK, that's settled then,” said John, “Let's go.”

As the tracker Nova went first. She slid along the cold floor, orienting herself by smell rather than relying on sight. Did I forget something? She asked herself. She checked her equipment. Greatbow and the arrows, everything was in it's place. She took another big sip from her waterskin. Her mouth was always dry like a desert when she was tracking something.

After a few minutes of travel the air got fresher, a faint glimmer of light illuminated the distant walls.

“There you are,” whispered Nova.

The cave had a big open area deep inside.

In the middle a winged creature rested. It's scaly skin was menacing with spikes. It had two huge feet and two wings.

Nova noticed the gaping hole in the ceiling. Must be his entrance.

“A thorn wyvern.” Nova slid carefully and quiet along the rough walls. She reached the side of the cave. This would be her place for the ambush.

Now she waited. John and the elf were still quite far away.

There was no need to contact them, the cave was huge and the wyvern easily visible. Nova stood still only her ribcage moved slowly with every breath she drew.

“Now I know what I forgot,” she thought.

Her bladder was giving a slight hint of pressure.

She didn't really forget it, it was just really inconvenient to remove the tight Leather armour she wore. But this shouldn't take long she reminded herself.

Suddenly two dark figures appeared at the distant entrance. One of them was waving a sword around.

Nova grabbed her Greatbow and removed it slowly from her back. The thick black bow was too big to be handled by a normal human. Nova however was a lamia. Even without her tail she was easily a head bigger than John or the elf. Straightening her long muscular tail she readied the bow.

She knocked up an arrow, pulled back the heavy black string and shot.

The arrow hit the ground just under the creatures wing and shattered. It was not a normal arrow. Hundreds of sharp fragments exploded from the arrows payload, shredding the leathery wing. The creature awoke. It let loose a cave shattering scream. Dark green eyes darted around the room searching for the enemy. It noticed Nova, screamed and started to move towards her.

Nova stood still. A little shiver ran down her spine when the creature faced her.

“Now!”

A human scream echoed through the cave. Yelling nearly as loud as the beast, John charged straight at it. He kept banging his sword on his shield.

The creature ignored Nova and faced the new nuisance. The beast lashed out with his fangs. John blocked with his wooden shield. Keeping up the defense he danced around the beasts attacks, slowly turning it away from Nova. Nova knocked up another arrow. She aimed towards the weak scales on the back of the creatures head.

A shadow moved. It jumped on the creatures back.

Nova lowered her bow. “Goddamn elf,” she said.

He wasn't needed in this fight, why must he interfere.

The elf jumped on the creatures back. Carefully hopping around the many spikes. The beast moved hastily fighting John. Slowly the elf made his way up it's back toward the neck.

The beast noticed. Suddenly it's head flung around spewing a moss green liquid. The elf quickly jumped to the side evading it. The liquid however flew much further. Nova propelled herself upward, using her tail like a spring. It was already too late.

“Nova!” screamed John, dropping his Weapons.

The wyvern was dead. Finn had dodged the liquid and rammed his thin dagger right in the creatures thin scaled neck.

John stared at the scene in front of him. The wall was covered in a sticky green liquid. Nova right in the middle of it all. From her tailtip up to her collarbone, she was covered in a thick layer. Her right arm was just above the liquid as well as her head.

“I'm stuck,” said Nova. She touched the liquid with her fingers, it drew long threads of slime when she moved them away. She couldn't move anything expect her arm and Head.

“It's not poisonous or anything. Just super sticky. Thank god it didn't hit your face,” said John, “and it's slowly melting away already.”

His eyebrows shot up and he smiled. “Guess you have to stick around.” Nova rolled her eyes.

A few minutes later John decided to make a camp in the cave.

They had to wait for Nova to become unstuck.

The green slime was actually quite comfortable noticed Nova.

Like a really tight warm bedroll.

Nova thought about all the water she had drank until now. Her bladder felt a little tighter. The slime pressed her against the wall making the feeling worse. She just had to endure it until the slime melted away.

“You want something to eat?” asked John. He held a dry piece of bread up in the air.

“You know,” said Nova when John came closer,”This wouldn't have happened if he had just followed the plan.”

The elf had sharp ears. “You could have just dodged,” he said and grinned at her.

“You just wait till I'm down.”

“It's gonna take a while. A few hours at least,” said John.

Nova flinched a little. Her bladder kept on filling mercilessly. A few hours would slowly become torture.

Her hand moved towards her crotch. A thick layer of slime blocked her way. She sighed and leaned her head against the wall.

Minutes seemed to grow into hours. Little droplets of slime kept forming on the edges of the blob, landing on the ground with a satisfying splashing noise. Every drop sending a slight shiver down Novas spine.

The cave was quiet. John was laying on his backpack. His chest slowly rising and lowering in a quiet rhythm.

After a while the elf stood up. He flexed his arms for a bit and headed for the opposite cave wall. Nova saw him fumbling with his leather armour and mentally braced herself for what was about to happen. The sound of rushing water, splashing on rocks. Nova turned her head until her neck started to hurt. The sound seemed to follow her. The whole cave was echoing the sound of water and moans of relief. Nova clenched every muscle she had when stinging waves of pain hit her. She bit her lip.

“Imagine a desert,” she told herself, ”dry sand as far as the eyes could see. Just lying there in the burning sand. The sun warming my body.” She pressed her eyes together. The pressure was a bit more bearable now. The sound of rushing water had also stopped. The elf just looked at her. His head tilted to the side, a little smile on his lips. “He knew what was going on,” thought Nova, “He is responsible for this in the first place. He should be stuck here, not me.” Nova tried to smile, managing only a grin. A small drop of sweat was running own the side of her head, slowly crawling downwards to be absorbed in her armour. The elf went back to his meditation. Nova wasn't sure if he could still see or hear her. He just sat there, cross legged and hands folded.

The slime had now melted far enough for Novas tail tip to become unstuck. She could move it around a little, nothing more. Her body however was still fully encased.

Like steady waves the desperation hit her. Every few seconds her whole body tensed up, trying to hold back the flood. She had started sweating and was breathing quite heavily.

It was just a matter of minutes before the slime would become thin enough to break free. At least that's what she told herself. But hidden behind images of dry sand and hot sun was another thought. An oasis filled with clean cold water. Something to just lay in and relax. The tension being washed away by little soft waves. Novas relaxed for a second, giving in to the waves. The feeling of wet leather against her skin brought her back to reality. Her body jerked heavily. She took a deep breath, clenching her muscles with all her might. Her crotch was feeling warm and wet. The cloth she was wearing under her armour spread the wetness up her lower body.

Was this her final stand? She hesitated, holding on to the thought of the oasis, the sweet embrace of relief.

“No,” she shook her head. She wouldn't lose here. I would just end up soaking in my own pee being encased here. This was no oasis, this was a sewer. She would fight until the end. She was sweating and breathing like she had just ran a marathon. Slowly her body was starting to feel numb. She could barely feel her bladder anymore. The only thing left was a throbbing pain running up her lower body.

“I have an idea!” Suddenly John jumped up, pointing towards the sky. He started rummaging in his backpack. Novas eyes widened, could this be freedom?

John approached Nova with a small bottle in his hand.

He opened the bottle and poured its contents over his arm. He touched the slime. It didn't stick.

“I'm a genius,” he said smiling proudly,”I'll just drag you out by your belt.” Nova didn't have time to answer. John shoved his Hand through the now only hand deep layer of slime. His fingers reached her belt. They also reached her bladder. It must have felt like touching solid stone.

A cold electric shock ran up her body when John strafed her bladder. He grabbed her belt, his knuckles denting Novas bladder. She felt her muscles give in for a tiny moment, just enough for a spurt of liquid to escape.

John pulled harsh on her belt. With a smacking noise Nova came loose from the wall. She felt a sharp sting in her bladder. Her muscles tensed up one last time, postponing the inevitable.

Her eyes rolled backwards when the feeling of relief hit her. A wave swept her desert away. The hot sand turned to cool refreshing water. She was floating freely, her arms spread wide. Staring towards the sky, she bathed in the warm, homely feeling of blissful relief and pleasure.

The cave floor or the wide ocean, it made no difference to her. She remained motionless. Her mouth stood wide open, caught in the middle of a desperate moan. The muffled sound of water hitting cloth. A steady, never ending stream of liquid poured over her thighs. Slowly forming a puddle beneath her. She didn't know, nor did she care for how long she laid there. She was still filled with ecstasy when she had long emptied her bladder. It was when John coughed for attention, that she came back to her senses.

“Well,” John said. He started scratching his head, not quite sure what to do or say now. Nova had just lain there with liquid pouring out of her for at least two minutes, after that she just kept staring at the ceiling.

“There is a lake nearby.” Nova got up, looked at John with a red, sweaty face. She said nothing. Her clothes were drenched, she was leaving a trail of droplets where ever she went.

She left the cave. The sun was already starting to set.

She had just reached the lake when she noticed that her bladder wasn't completely empty. So she laid back against a tree. Her muscles didn't need any signal to let go. Slumping backwards against the tree, she let out a moan. Enjoying the warm liquid pouring out of her. The sound it made when it hit the soft ground. It was not quite as blissful as before, but rather enjoyable. She spend a few minutes just sitting in the evening sun, remembering the bliss of reliefe. “The elfs gotta pay for that. And I know how.”

*002*2016-10-16 00:36

Really? Thanks. I thought it sounds kind of bad actually. One thing I've noticed though is that my writing voice sounds different when I write in english.

When I write in my mothertoungue (German) I sound like a different writer.

And for continuing this story, I have planned a chapter two.

*006*2016-10-17 13:25

I have just compared something I wrote in German some time ago and this story. First of all I noticed alot of thing I could've written differently. And yeah, I have a LOT more complex sentences in my german writing.

Now I feel compelled to write a better chapter 2. I am just a bit low on free time right now.

