(Pokémon)[Female] Desperate Adventure

Author: TheT-Spin

*000*2017-10-27 06:18

I started this about a month or two ago, and the main character evolved, but whatever.

Also, there’s a lot of humorous parts to this so yeah.

Jeans the Umbreon and his friends, Sprite the Flygon, Puffball the Breloom, and Craftess the Braixen, were walking down a trail as they were looking for an adventure. "I can't wait to see what dangerous quest our journey will lead us next!" said Jeans, who was pretty cheerful for an Umbreon. He also walked on two feet rather than four. "I hope it's a cave with secret treasure!" said Puffball. "I can bring back jewels and give them as a gift to Star!" Star was an Aurorus, and Puffball was in love with her, as she was him. "I just hope we stay together!" said Sprite, hovering above. She has a Focus Sash around her neck like a bandanna. "I just hope I don't get dirty," said Craftess. She was the only Shiny in the group.

"I'm actually getting kinda hungry," said Jeans. "Let's stop for lunch." I will only talk about their drinks cuz Omorashi and they just had samiches. Jeans had iced tea, Sprite had seltzer water, Puffball had orange juice, and Craftess had pink lemonade. After they were done eating their scramditches, (Jeans wolfed his down) they headed back onto the trail.

It wasn't long until Craftess felt a tiny force in her lower torso. Since it was so small, she decided not to pay too much mind on it.

After a while, everyone got tired of walking, so Jeans let's everyone take short breaks.

More hours pass, and Craftess's urge has gotten stronger. During the breaks, she would fidget around a little and constantly walk around at sudden stops. Soon, her legs weren't the only thing aching. At the stops, she would sit down and cross her legs. Sprite has begun to see Craftess's odd and suspicious behavior. More hours pass, and Craftess's urge has become obvious. She would occasionally grip herself to prevent any leaks and whimpered quietly. The next break, Sprite went up to Craftess, who was sitting on the ground with her thighs squeezed tight and her hands in between. "Do you need to pee?" Craftess was startled by Sprite and swiftly stood up, hands on hips. "N-no!" She was trembling. " Craftess, I just saw you in a 'bursting bladder' pose a few seconds ago."

"Okay, so it was a bad idea to have pink lemonade with lunch." She had her thighs squeezed together again. "How about yo-""Ok! Time to find ADVENTURE!" Jeans yelled. Craftess moaned. As everyone else walked, she hopped. It was clear now that she couldn't keep up for long. Luckily, there was a town up ahead. The only reason now why Craftess is still holding on is because she didn't want to ruin her Shiny fur. Soon, the town came into full view and she had remained completely dry.

But just as she thought this, her bladder throbbed, and she couldn't move. She began to leak and tried to find a tree or bush, but you could see to the horizon in all directions. Really, it was that blank. Have you seen anything like it? Oh wait, I almost forgot, the omo story. So, Craftess just stood there and failed to control what felt like Minecraft water, everflowing and never ending. The puddle grew in all direction until it finally stopped 3 minutes later. She stood there and began sob as her friends came to help her dry up.


