Braixen's Tough Predicament

Author: tumbin

*000*2017-03-06 13:58

This is my second story here and this time it is a fictional story. It is a Pokemon theme, and one of the shows I grew up with. This is like they are people in their own community or school, something like that. Next I would either post about star wars or another experience. But I hope you all enjoy!

"Water! Water!" Braixen yelled furiously after taking a bite of what she thinks is a tamato berry. She taught to herself how did a spicy tamato berry end up in her lunch. She knows two people who are always hungry and would do anything to get a bite of other people's lunch, gengar and quilladin. She came to a vending machine and bought two cans of coke and Sprite. It could her down but don't stop her thirst."Wow. That was refreshing but I want more. I know, a bottle of fresh water would do the trick. And maybe a box of orange juice." Braixen calmly headed towards the convenience store to buy more refreshment. After all it was the middle of summer. Along the way she met up with her closest friend, meowstic."Hey braixen, long time no see." She said with a smile on her face. Since they went to different schools since last year, they haven't seen each other in a long time. "Hey meowstic. I din't know you came home." Yup got here last night. Where you headed?"

"I'm gonna get a drink. You want to come?"

"Sure, sounds great. I'm thirsty for a can of soda." Braixen and Meowstic headed to the convenience store. But the soda braixen drank earlier filled her up quickly. She had to pee, not urgently but had to go. But she din't want to excuse herself from her best friend. Since she just got back, she wants to spend the most time with her. So she held it back. "Is it somewhere around here?" Meowstic asked with a worried tone. She hasn't been here for so long she forgot where it is at. "Yeah. It's probably around the corner." Braixen replied to meowstic. Noticing her fidgeting. She din't think to herself her best friend had to go. Although braixen had to go,was right the convenience store was around the corner. "That's the place. Beside the Pokemon center."

"Thank Arceus!" Meowstic hurried into the store. But the two were stopped by Lucario, another childhood friend. "Hi braixen, you too meowstic. Since when you got home?" Lucario asked, holding a drink in his hand. "I just got here last night. What's that drink in your hand?" Meowstic asked curiosly. She always loved new things ,despite her being shy. "The new slushy. Mixed seasons flavor. Came out yesterday. You guys should try it. Well I got to go now. Greninja and Blastoise are waiting for me at the gym. See you two around." Lucario left while braixen and Meowstic entered the store. "Meowstic, you wanna try the new slushy Lucario told us about? My treat."

"Sure thing, then let's go to the park." Meowstic replied, braixen noticed meowstic fidgeting even more. She then started to feel the pressure in her bladder. Braixen had to go badly. They got their slushies and headed to the park. While walking, they talked about stuff from each other's past. When braixen and Meowstic were talking of who would win in a fight between mega sceptile and mega charizard, braixen stopped, crossed legs and her hand in her crotch. She was really desperate to pee. "Braixen, is something wrong?" Meowstic asked braixen worried. Before braixen could respond, she felt a spurt of urine escape her crotch. Luckily she was able to stop anymore damage to be caused.

"Yeah, I'm just tired of walking. And it's probably because of the heat that makes me feel tired quickly." Braixen responded still crossing her legs. In the middle of the park while watching a group of froakie, charmander, tepig, oshawatt, chespin, squirtle and fennekin playing in the summer afternoon, meowstic leaned over to braixen and whispered..."Hey braixen, don't tell anyone this but I need to use the loo." Braixen's prediction was right. Meowstic probably din't use the restroom last night because she was tired. She and her best friend need to go badly but no public washrooms can be found."Don't worry it's our secret. Plus I need to go badly too. Maybe there's a restroom around here."

They kept walking in search of a bathroom. Both of them started to get even more desperate. Seeing a water fountain and a group of water type Pokemon around din't help their predicament. It made it worse. "Who puts a fountain in the middle of the park?" Meowstic asked but braixen asked another question"Your worried about the fountain? What are water type Pokemon doing outside in the middle of summer?" Both are too desperate to care and went the other way. An hour of searching for a bathroom and still no luck. Meowstic might have leaked earlier because she stopped when they left the fountain. Braixen knows she's neat to her breaking point. She could burst at any moment. She felt herself leak a few times already. They found a public bathroom, they quickly ran for it. A huge mistake because both of them leaked themselves even more.

Once they got to the entrance they find a sign on the door"OUT OF ORDER?! Can this Day get any worse?" Braixen furiously yelled. At that moment meowstic responded with a softer and worried tone." Mmmmm. I can't hold it braixen. Im gonna burst. I can't stop it." Meowstic started sobbing. Her bladder was losing. Braixen grabbed her arm and headed to the bushes by the tree. Once they were hidden from the public, meowstic couldn't hold herself any longer. Meowstic had peed herself.

A lake of golden pee formed underneath her. Once she was done, she turned beat red and din't stop sobbing. "If it makes you feel better, I would wet myself too just to make sure you aren't alone.". Braixen then crouched and started peeing. Another lake formed under her. " See your not alone. I would rather be humiliated with you than see you humiliated by yourself. I'll always be by your side." Braixen replied. "Thanks braixen. You really are a true friend." Meowstic thanked braixen and the both left the bush and their pee puddles. At least no one else knows about this event.

$$

$$

*004*2017-03-09 14:29

{{On 3/8/2017 at 0:48 AM, Lugia said:

Word of advice: try to avoid making your stories one long paragraph.

}}

Okay thanks for the advise

