Himari can't hold it anymore in her exam

Author: Tyoku

*000*2023-07-07 06:16

[WARNING, DRAWINGS MADE WITH AI]

Himari was an ordinary high school girl who had only one friend, Kiato. Since the beginning of the summer, they had gone to school for their exams but today was different. It was extremely hot that day and Himari was dressed for maximum cooling in a green long-sleeved shirt and skinny jeans.

Himari asked for permission to go to the bathroom but her teacher denied her because she was in the middle of an exam. She tried to stay calm, but the heat was unbearable and she couldn't help but drink water to keep cool. According to the doctor, her bladder was at 300 ml capacity, but the heat kept pushing the limit until it finally reached 700 ml.

&&

When the exam was finally over and Himari was ready to jump out of her seat, her teacher stopped her. It turns out that Himari had bad grades in math. Himari, holding her crotch, she asked for a pardon , but her master, seeing Himari's desperate situation for a bath, came up with an evil idea. The teacher punished her to do 15 difficult equations.

Desperate for relief, Himari complied, swallowing hard she slowly made her way to the blackboard and tried her best to focus on the task at hand. Unbeknownst to her, her teacher was recording the whole episode, enjoying the show as himari squirmed, crossed and uncrossed her legs, and grabbed her crotch in a desperate attempt to hold them in. 25 minutes passed and her punishment was finally over, her teacher satisfied to see his student in a moment of such distress.

&&

Now with the punishment done. She quickly rushed to the women's bathroom only to find a very long line! Himari felt desperation in her gut and all she could do was line up with the other girls and hope for the best. But the wait seemed to be too much for Himari, and she started to take desperate measures. She started jumping around, crossing her legs, sometimes bending over and sitting down, also making heavy breaths that bothered the other girls.

&&

Himari felt her urination begin to drip, and she closed her eyes to calm the situation. Her only option was to run to the men's room. With her hands on her wet crotch, Himari ran desperate to the men's room and knocked on the door, but the shock of a girl urinating scared the boy inside so much that he refused to open the door. Sad and helpless, Himari couldn't take it anymore and ended up urinating in front of the other students. She felt the heat that her pee left and stained her pants creating a large puddle.

&&

Kiato saw the whole scene and immediately rushed Himari's side to hug her. Everyone else was stunned and Himari couldn't help but cry from the embarrassment. Even Kiato felt her pain and the situation was just too frustrating. The next morning, Himari was too ashamed to show her face in the school, but Kiato refused to leave her side. He stayed with her and only hugged her, reassuring her that everything would be okay and that she wasn't alone. Himari was comforted by Kiato's words and strength, and it gave her the hope to start again.

&&

Alternative ending:

&&

It had been a long and difficult day in the classroom for Himari and her classmate Kiato. The summer heat had been relentless and Himari had been drinking a lot of water to stay hydrated. When she asked their teacher for permission to use the bathroom, her request was harshly refused.

Himari was desperate and began to writhe in her chair from the discomfort. Kiato, feeling helpless, watched his friend and noticed her distress. He then stepped up and decided to lend a hand. Taking her shoulder comfortingly, he gave her an encouraging squeeze. Immediately, Himari lost control and a stream of urine shot out.

Kiato knew he had to act fast so he held Himari's crotch tight in an effort to contain her, hoping the teacher wouldn't notice. The other students in the room were busy and none of them realized what was happening. With Himari's heavy breathing and weakened state, Kiato once again tried to help by squeezing her crotch firmly.

Unfortunately, the teacher caught wind of their strange behavior and became suspicious. Kiato panicked and let go of Himari's crotch as he felt her begin to pass out. Before he could catch her, a cascade of urine poured from Himari's trousers. Kiato apoligized for not being able to help her more, seeming to understand that their actions were the result of a desperate situation.

After the incident, Himari and Kiato found themselves the laughing stock of the classroom. They had gone to extreme lengths to deal the emergency and Himari and Kiato were constantly reminded of it by their classmates. Despite the ridicule and humiliation, the two had a deep understanding of the situation that had brought them there and a strong bond of friendship that would last many years and moments of laughter.

Thanks for reading this. I wanted to put images made by artificial intelligence. I don't know if what I did was right but if I was wrong I'm very sorry.

