Good Morning, Penny

Author: Trickling Down

*000*2017-03-01 13:26

Hey guys. I've got another story for ya. Remember this story? Well this time, we're looking at her younger sister Penny. It's a shorter story, but I might expand on it and put up a Part 2. For now, though, here's Penny.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/33948-hollys-holding/?do=embed"

It was a cold Saturday morning to which Penny woke up, flaying her dark blonde hair out of her face, and she was enjoying the warmth of her bed, but there was something which was grabbing her attention. The young girl had to pee, and she had to pee very badly. That, however, required her to leave the warmth in which she so wanted to stay. She decided to hold it, not wanting to venture into the cold, and besides, she quite liked the feeling of needing the bathroom. She thus disobeyed her bladder, squirming in her bed, her hands in her crotch and her thighs squeezing them in place, all to hold back a load that was building up since before dinner the previous night. Her wriggling was enough to mess up the blankets, and her bladder was commanding significant attention. After many minutes of enjoying the feelings, Penny was interrupted.

"Good morning, Penny."

"Morning, Mum."

Penny couldn't squirm in front of her mum, so she held extra hard to compensate.

"I'm going to see friends today, so your sisters will be taking care of you."

"Okay, Mum."

"Goodbye, Penny. See you later."

"Goodbye, Mum."

Penny's squirming came back immediately, her need to pee having gotten worse since she woke up. Soon after, she looked at her clock, and saw it was 9:45, and she decided to hold it until 10:00. As the minutes ticked by, more pee entered her bladder and her wriggling got more extreme. She mumbled to herself *I don't need to pee, I can hold it* but was now moaning at the effort to keep her wee inside her. She looked at her clock again and saw it was five minutes to ten, and crossed her legs tight around her hands.

"I can hold it, I can hold it, mmh, mmh, I can hold it."

The clock moved very slowly as Penny struggled to keep back the flood that was at the edge of her control, and a few drops escaped before the clock finally struck ten. Penny slowly got out of bed and made her way to the bathroom, both hands firmly in her crotch. When she arrived, she looked at the toilet, but then contemplated holding it longer, as it still felt really good to not let go. It was a decision between releasing then and holding it with the toilet right there, and despite being close to wetting herself, Penny decided to brush her teeth first. With the toilet so close to her, she brushed her teeth while stepping on the spot and squeezing her hand in place with her legs, and while in the middle of her task, Holly came in.

"Good morning, Penny. Squirming again? You really don't like peeing, do you? Ah well, since you ain't using the toilet, I will. I haven't gone since yesterday and I'm about to wet myself."

Holly walked in and sat on the toilet, and started peeing soon after. Penny now had to hold through the sound of urine hitting water, and started leaking because of it. Holly had so much pee that Penny finished brushing her teeth and turned around to wait for her, both hands clutched in herself and legs writhing around them. Penny's underwear was now soaked, and she was starting to pee through her pyjamas.

"Get off the toilet!"

"I'm not done, Penny."

"I can't hold it any longer!"

It was more than two minutes until Holly stopped, and then she wiped and got up, only to close the toilet lid and sit on it.

"Hey! Let me pee!"

"Nah. I like seeing you dance around."

"I'm gunna pee myself!"

"Come on, you can hold it. You're a big girl. Besides, you like holding it, don't you?"

Penny did indeed like holding, and even in her current state, it still felt really good, but Penny's pyjamas were slowly getting wetter and wetter as her bladder slowly gave way. She held on for a few more minutes, Holly bearing witness to the slow drenching of her pyjamas, but then Penny realised that the shower was available, so she rushed inside and took of her pants as fast as she could, and just let go. Penny's relief was plastered on her face, and Holly's devilish smile at her sister's plight turned to a face of astonishment at how much Penny was letting go, as it was a whole minute before she was finished. Penny stood there for a few minutes, fatigued after her ordeal, but afterwards, after Holly had left, she had a shower to clean up, and then went on with the rest of her day.

*007*2017-11-10 16:42

I suppose I should tell y'all that I posted a new Penny story. Well, it's not exactly new, since I posted it twelve days ago. Anyway, the link is below. Enjoy :)

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/40513-backyard-bladder-troubles/?do=embed"

