Misty's Wet Spanking

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-10-17 23:53

Another Misty story, and another story combining wetting and spanking, for those who love it. I'll try to put more detail into this one.

Also, the other city involved is one that, as far as I know, did not appear in Pokemon, but Digimon.

Don't mind anything that might be stretchy. Just an omorashi story

Misty's Wet Spanking

Misty woke up one morning at Cerulean Gym. Her pajamas were damp, and at first she thought she had wet the bed, but then she realized that it was sweat, for it was a hot summer day.

She got out of bed, changed into her usual yellow midriff tank top and jean shorts, and drank five glasses of water and seven bottles of soda, until her thirst was satisfied and she was feeling a little cooler. She was still a little hot, so she decided to go for a swim.

Before she could, Daisy, Lily, and Violet walked up to her.

"Hey, Misty!" said Daisy. "We're like, doing a show at the Water Stadium in Nerima City, and we'd totally like you to come with us!"

"We'll be like, going in an air-conditioned car," said Lily.

"And it's only a two-hour drive," said Violet.

"Well... all right," said Misty. "But I'd like to go swimming when we get back."

...

They had just left Cerulean City, with Daisy driving, Lily in the front seat, and Misty and Violet in the back seats, when Misty realized she had not taken her morning pee today, for she needed to go. It hit her that all she had drank this morning was going to go through her very fast, and she wasn't sure if she could hold it. If she was going for one of her swims, she'd always pee in the water. She had actually done this more than using a toilet, and wasn't used to holding it for very long. Hopefully they'd run into a gas station along the way.

Misty held it for an hour. This was the longest she'd ever held it, but she had drank a lot more and by now she was very uncomfortable. She fidgeted where she sat, trying to hide her desperation by not holding herself or crossing her legs.

"You look real nervous," said Violet. "There's no need for stage fright. You're totally not performing."

Misty knew she wouldn't be. She didn't often do a synchronized swimming performance with her sisters. According to them she wasn't beautiful and graceful enough for it. But, she was very pretty in her own way - in addition to her other features, she liked to think she had a very cute butt - and she hoped one day she would be able to.

But right now she hoped she made it to a bathroom, for the pressure in her bladder had grown tremendously over the past hour.

Then, they approached a gas station.

"Can we stop here?" said Misty.

"Like, no way," said Daisy. "That'll take like, five minutes out of the drive."

Misty moaned and put a hand on her crotch.

...

Ten minutes went by. Twenty. Thirty. To Misty each minute felt like an hour. Her bladder was getting more full every minute, and she could almost feel the liquid pouring into it without stop. She fidgeted harder, crossing her legs, and sweating slightly despite the cool temperature.

There were plenty of trees and bushes at the side of the road, and she needed to pee badly, so she decided to do the one thing that could spare her a wet accident.

"Can you stop at the side of the road? I have to go to the bathroom."

"Didn't you like, go before we left?" said Lily.

"I forgot," said Misty, blushing lightly. "I haven't used the bathroom all day and I need to go real bad!"

"Just hold it," said Daisy. "We don't wanna be totally late!"

"Um, she's like, sitting right next to me," said Violet. "What if she doesn't make it?"

"Then we'll each give her a spanking!" Daisy winked, and Lily and Violet giggled at the possibility of an excuse to spank their "baby" sister.

Misty moaned in extreme discomfort and fidgeted harder.

...

Misty had never held it this long, but she managed to make it all the way to Nerima City. By now she really needed to go. She was squirming in her seat with her legs crossed tight.

After a very painful traffic jam, they reached the Water Stadium, parked, and got out of their car. As soon as Misty stood up her desperation increased, and she held herself with both hands, running into the Water Stadium in search of a bathroom. As she ran, she could feel waves of pee sloshing inside her.

To her dismay, the girls' bathroom was out of order. She had been so close to finding relief, to have it snatched out from under her at the last second. She whimpered as she leaked a little into her underwear, though not enough to show up on her shorts. She considered using the mens' room, but as desperate as she was, she didn't want anyone to catch her in there. She'd probably wet herself with embarrassment right there.

Misty returned to her sisters.

"Feeling better?" said Lily.

"The bathroom's out of order," said Misty.

"That's like, too bad," said Violet.

"Well," said Daisy, "find a seat and watch our show. We'll meet you back at the car. If you can hold it till then, we'll totally stop at the first gas station we see on the way back."

"I don't think I can make it that long," said Misty.

"You've got like, the motivation to avoid getting spanked by all three of us," said Daisy.

"And, to not totally embarrass yourself in the middle of a crowd," said Lily.

"Can I swim with you?"

"I already said, you're not performing," said Violet.

"Can't I at least swim out of your way?"

"You'd be totally distracting."

"But... I REALLY need to go!"

"Like, pee in the same pool as us? Ew! No way!"

Misty wanted to say she had done it before, but thought her sisters would be more disgusted with her and probably spank her right here. She couldn't see why. The pool was full of chlorine so it didn't really make much of a difference.

So, she made her way to the closest seat to the door that she could find, leaking twice more before she sat down. She squirmed harder and crossed her legs, holding herself and trembling with the effort of holding it in. She felt like she was about to burst.

As she watched her sisters dive into the water, the splash made Misty leak for three seconds, dampening the front of her shorts.

Their show went on forever, and as Misty fidgeted, waiting for the show to end, she was also dribbling, her shorts becoming damper by the second.

Several agonizing minutes later, Daisy, Violet, and Lily finished their show with a big splash - and Misty lost control. She began peeing full force, unable to stop her stream, which only got harder.

*ssssssssssssssss*

The people closest to Misty turned in her direction and stifled a few chuckles as Misty flooded her jean shorts and the seat she was sitting in, dripping down her legs and the edge of the seat and forming a big puddle under her.

Misty blushed with embarrassment. She couldn't believe she was wetting herself. She had drank a lot, and held it for about two hours, but she had never peed in her shorts outside of the water before. Although the relief felt nice, she hung her head in shame as she kept peeing.

Just under two minutes later, she finished peeing, and stood up, sheepishly walking to the door. The crotch and butt of her shorts were completely soaked, and her red panties were drenched.

Misty walked outside and searched for a fountain or some kind of pool, hoping she could take a bath in it and hide her accident from her sisters.

She eventually caught sight of a fountain beside the door. As she made her way towards it, her sisters suddenly walked in front of her.

"Well, looks like Misty totally had an accident in her shorts," teased Daisy while Lily and Violet tried hard not to laugh.

Misty blushed beet red.

"You know what this means," said Daisy. She walked over to their car, picked up some towels, sat down on the fountain, and put the towels over her lap while Violet put Misty over Daisy's lap.

"You're not really going to... OW!"

Daisy brought her hand down on Misty's rear, which stung hard.

"You've been a bad girl," said Daisy, but in a tone that meant she was enjoying this rather than angry, and swatted her again, and again. The wetness on her butt made it seem to hurt even more, and Daisy didn't seem to mind that her hand was getting damp with pee.

Once Daisy had spanked Misty ten times, she stood up and put Misty over Lily's lap, along with the towel to keep Lily from getting wet. Lily slapped Misty's butt as hard as Daisy did, and by her fifth swat tears of pain and embarrassment began to flow down her eyes.

On Violet's turn, Misty peed a little more during the sixth swat, for about five seconds, causing Violet to spank her eleven times instead of ten.

When her spanking was finally over, Misty got down on her knees, rubbing her pee-soaked tush while her sisters giggled.

...

Misty sat in her wet shorts for the entire trip back, feeling embarrassed at her accident and her spanking. She was sitting on three layers of towels, both to protect the seat and because her butt was sore.

Seeing how she was feeling, Violet said "Don't feel too bad. We've all wet ourselves at least once, and we meant nothing by the spanking, it was just a little fun."

Misty just moaned in embarrassment.

"Why don't you go for a long relaxing swim when we get back," said Daisy. "Then you'll feel better in no time. Of course, we might still tease you occasionally."

Misty felt a bit better at these words.

...

Two hours later, Misty was standing in front of the Cerulean City pool. She was still wearing her wet shorts, which smelled funny now after sitting in her pee for two hours. She dove into the pool and swam around, feeling much better. By now she needed to pee again, the rest of her drinks from this morning having gone through her, so she peed in the water where she was, sighing of relief.

*002*2018-01-07 01:21

Regarding the part about her "red panties": I think my headcanon for Misty's so-called bikinis actually being her underwear was confirmed in her latest appearance. Unless that was just a dream or something.

