The Road to Alpha Pegasi

Author: The Bonk

*000*2018-07-19 22:48

The date reads 2453. Humanity has spread further than ever amongst the stars, and their reach will only further increase over time. Piracy, attacks and warfare have increased to dramatic highs, and there has never been a better time for an adventure...

...which is exactly what a group of five recently graduated schoolgirls are looking for. Money, Power, Fame, Adventure, Loot, the list goes on.

Using a run-down pirate cruiser they just recently managed to forcefully board and capture, called The Privateer, they take on contracts, missions and bounty hunts.

But before that, the ship has to be repaired first. At that time, The Privateer carried no registration, barring access to most stations in Federation territory. Alpha Pegasi Station however, grants access to all ships, registered or not. But the path there is long...

Inside the recreational center of the ship where all the girls decided to settle down for resting, a girl with long, blonde, fuzzy hair, green eyes and a face that's noticeably covered in oil splatters, entered the room. Her name was Sandra Starfire, and she is quite adept in all things related to engineering. Holding a notebook, she began speaking to the other girls.

"Alllright, I ran some basic diagnostics and checked up on most of the ship's systems and decks. Thankfully, all essential systems are operational and need little to no repairs..."

One of the girls, a violet-haired hothead going by the name of Miyuki Otsuka, interrupted her.

"So, what's the bad news then, greasemonkey?"

Sandra, visibly irritated by the interruption, continued her report.

"Now, the engines were shittily maintained by the previous owners. Getting them back up to speed will be quite an undertaking. All but one turret got blown off and the flight deck is fucked. Ventilation and Heating systems are kind of janky but I could jury rig a fix for that. Lights don't work in some hallways... and the kitchen is utterly scorched. Looks like we'll be living off of instant noodles for the time being."

She put her notebook down and wiped some of the oil off her face.

"Any questions?"

Miyuki's much quieter and shyer sister, Miwako, raised her hand, as if she were back in highschool.

"What about the bathrooms? I think we all could use a warm, relaxing shower after the battle we fought."

Sandra inspected her notebook again, and breathed a sigh of disappointment.

"Yeaaaahhh... about that... whatever dumbass is responsible for trying to clear out the bathroom using a fucking incendiary grenade..." as she spoke those words she angrily glared at Miyuki. "... feel free to thank them later, because everything there is utterly busted. Not even the toilets work. And we're gonna need some repair supplies from Alpha Pegasi station in order to fix that kinda damage."

Sandra paused for a moment.

"Anyway, I'll be off, trying to fix some of the lighter damage around the ship. See y'all later."

She walked away, out of the recreation room.

Yutsuki Toyoshima and Jane McDouglas, the last two of the group, finally spoke up. Yutsuki spoke first.

"Nice job there, Miyu. Literally blowing the shit out of the bathrooms, eh?" She snickered at her own bad joke before walking off.

Jane, on the other hand, spoke in a more stern, professional voice.

"It would be for the better if some of us scavenged the ship for supplies to hold out until we arrive at Alpha Pegasi. I know the blueprints of this ship by heart, so I will go first."

Without waiting for a response, the dark purple haired girl exited the room as well.

Now only the Otsuka sisters remained in the room.

Miyuki tried to initiate conversation with her sister.

"Soo, looks like we're in a bit of a pickle, aren't we?"

Miwako answered after a bit of silence.

"This whole thing, all of this, it's scary. We could've died... I hope nothing happens during this journey... I really don't like surprises like these..." the soft spoken dark blonde haired girl monologued a bit.

Miwako's thoughts however, got interrupted by a faint twinge in her bladder. Before the boarding of the ship, she had drunk a lot of coffee in order to be fully focussed on the task. That same coffee is requesting permission to leave. She decided to ignore it for now, the transit to the station can't be that long, can it? Sandra never told them how long it would take to get to the station, but maybe Miwako could ask her.

Miyuki at first wanted to follow as well, but decided against it; Sandra definitely does not like her at all, so going to the bridge is probably a bad idea for her.

On the bridge Yutsuki and Sandra were discussing the navigation to Alpha Pegasi. In the middle of a discussion about the sublight thrusters, Miwako decided to enter.

"Ah... um... I was just curious about... how long it would take to get to the station..."

Sandra decided to tease her a little.

"What, got a date with your boyfriend or somethin'?"

Miwako immediately turned beet red and stuttered.

"W-wha- N-no! It's not...!"

"Hehe, was just messin' with ya, don't worry."

Yutsuki quickly looked over the map again.

"Coincidentally, we were discussing this just now. Considering two thirds of the sublight thrusters are not operational, it would take us about... two days to get to the station."

Miwako's eyes immediately widened in horror.

"What? Two days? That's..."

"Yeah, yeah, I know, it's a long time, but trust me, once we get our engines fixed up there, it will be two hours instead." Sandra casually responded.

Miwako decided to head back to the recreation room.

On her way to the deck elevator, she felt another twinge in her bladder again, but stronger this time. Two days... She seriously doubted she could even last that long.

As she opened the doors to the room, she saw her sister Miyuki fidgeting a little bit but as soon as she caught sight of her, she immediately stopped.

"Well, sis, how long is the trip gonna take?" Miyuki asked.

Miwako responded after a second of silence.

"They said it would take us two days to get there..."

Miyuki sighed.

"Heh, guess we should just kick back and enjoy the ride. Not like there's much else we could do..."

Miwako pressed out a chuckle.

"Haha... yeah..."

The pressure on her bladder started noticeably picking up.

"Lets just... enjoy the ride..."

*003*2018-07-21 20:31

Glad to know that my story is appreciated here. I'm trying to improve my writing skills so I can write some big stories later on in life.

This story and everything, is based on a universe I am working on for a project. The five girls here all have worked out backstories and stuff, and even character art.

Oh why am I talking about this, I better get to the story.

Chapter 2

Privateer Recreational Deck

The Otsuka sisters were sitting on a couch, doing nothing.

Miyuki broke the silence by speaking up.

"So... two days huh? That's a lot of time to pass... what should we do?"

Miwako ignored the pressure on her bladder. It's a problem that can be solved later, she thought to herself.

"I don't know, sis. Maybe we could explore the ship a little?" She suggested.

Miyuki responded quite enthusiastically.

"Oh yeah, I never thought of that. Who knows what kind of stuff we can find in the depths of this ship?"

She stood up and walked towards the deck elevator.

"Lets go, Miwa-chan!"

Miwako followed her swiftly.

Inside the elevator, a simplified vertical map of the ship is displayed, along with each deck.

BRIDGE

CREW QUARTERS

[RECREATIONAL]

STORAGE/ENGINEERING

HANGAR

Miyuki inspected each deck before making her pick.

"Hey, let's go to the storage and engineering deck. We might find some hidden loot in there!"

Miwako chuckled a little.

"Loot? Are we entering a dungeon now?"

Both sisters giggled a little.

###

Crew Quarters Deck

Jane returned from her own scavenging trip with a pretty well filled bag. She hauled it to Sandra's quarters. Coincidentally, Sandra was on her way there as well, after having finished discussions with Yutsuki about the navigations. The two of them meet up.

Jane was the first to talk.

"I.. brought... you... some... repair... supplies..." she said, while panting between every word. Lifting and carrying that bag was quite some heavy work, and Jane is far from athletic.

"Ah, thanks. Well, Let's see what we have here..." Sandra yanked the bag up with ease and then dropped in on a table and opened it. In it were a bunch of spare wires, scrap metal, electronic components and ceramic plates. The view painted a big smile on her face.

"Thanks, that'll help me with some jury-rigged repairs."

Sandra slung the bag over her shoulder and headed over to a hallway with a blown fusebox. She dropped the bag and her toolbox next to it.

As she prepared everything to fix the fusebox, she felt a small twinge in her lower abdomen. Sandra paid it little mind, but she did make sure to mentally note to inspect the damage in the bathroom area more closely and see what can be fixed already. She herself is used to holding it in for very long times due to her experience in ship engineering and the lack of toilets there, but the other girls don't have that same experience...

Sandra removed the cover of the fusebox and got to work.

###

Engineering/Storage Deck

The corridors were poorly lit. Half the light bulbs were either broken or didn't seem to receive any power. Some flickered a little. The sides of the walls were marked with numbers, indicating which storage hold it is.

Miyuki and Miwako were walking past a large 1 painted on the wall. One side had a large open gate leading into the cargo hold.

Miyuki pointed at it.

"Lets go in there first!"

She suggested as she tugged on Miwako's arm.

"A-alright, let's check it out."

Miwako responded, a little scared by the general feel of the room. It felt like it could be out of a horror movie.

The two girls entered the hold. It was pitch black at first but Miyuki managed to find a light switch, flooding the room in bright light. The hold was filled with huge stacks of boxes. What could possibly be inside?

They could not help but stare.

"Wow... that's a lot of cargo... and it's only the first cargo hold." Miyuki commented in astonishment. Miwako just stared and started thinking of all the possible things that could be in those boxes.

But that train of thought got rudely interrupted by another strong pang in her bladder, as if it wanted to make sure she didn't forget about it. She instinctively put a hand on her crotch, but then immediately moved it away again in embarrassment. Luckily her sister didn't notice. Miyuki was busy breaking a box open with a crowbar.

"Damnit, there's no way I can hold it until Alpha Pegasi Station. What should I do, what should I do?" Miwako thought to herself. "Think Miwa, think!"

She began thinking up possible solutions to her predicament, yet her train of thought was once again interrupted, this time by Miyuki loudly complaining.

"Oh you've got to be kidding me! Another empty box?"

She was surrounded by pieces of wood crates.

Meanwhile, back in the crew quarters, Sandra was fiddling with the wiring of the fusebox. The faulty heater caused the area to be very cold.

Then, Sandra sneezed, and accidnetally tore out a wire from the fusebox.

The entire ship went dark, safe for a red emergency light.

"Ah fuck me sideways." She cursed and turned her headlamp on.

Back down in the storage hold, the sudden darkness caused both girls to panic. Both the hold and the hallways were completely dark, and they didn't bring any lights with them...

*007*2018-07-22 21:21

Oh me oh my, I see that my story is gaining more interest. Thank you all for reading it by the way.

As long as people are interested, I'll keep on writing it.

Chapter 3

Privateer Storage and Engineering Deck

The sudden decrease in darkness caused both girls to squeak in surprise. Not knowing where she or her sister are, Miwako called out into the darkness.

"Sis? W-where are you? What happened?"

Miyuki, trying to pinpoint Miwako's location through her voice, responded a couple seconds later.

"No idea. I think something with the ship's power went wrong."

Attempting to navigate the place by voice and touch, they both kept talking.

"D-do you remember where the elevator is?"

"No clue."

"Why is the gravity still working?"

"Must be something with the emergency power or something. Don't ask me, I'm not the engineer here."

After a while of walking around aimlessly, both girls literally ran into eachother, with a loud "OW!" from the two. The collision caused Miwako to fall to the ground.

The impact with the hard metal floor caused the liquid inside her bladder to slosh, once again reminding Miwako of her second problem. The pressure on her bladder peaked for a short while before going back to a more tolerable level. Since there was no point in trying to find an elevator that probably doesn't work due to power outage, she remained seated. Miyuki figured the same and sat down as well. However, she fidgeted a lot more than Miwako, and kept a hand on her crotch. Due to the darkness in the room, Miwako did not take any notice of that.

Crew Quarters

Sandra was meanwhile trying to fix the damage she had accidentally caused. Turns out the wire she tore out connected the capacitors to the rest of the network of the ship, and those who built the ship couldn't be arsed to implement failsafes or multiple wires.

But the damage that resulted from the power surge was actually quite worse. The insides of the fusebox were cooked. That's going to take a while to fix.

Bridge

Yutsuki and Jane were trying to restart the terminals and computers that all shut down during the power failure. Due to the size of the room, it involved a lot of climbing and running. As a result, Yutsuki had already drunken her second water bottle since the exertion caused her to sweat so much. This caused Jane to raise a concern.

"You do realize the bathrooms are broken, right? That water's gonna want out eventually."

"Yeah, yeah, whatever, I trust that Sandra has got this problem under her control. Let's focus on keeping this damn Nav computer running."

Yutsuki threw her now empty bottle away and grabbed a third one...

Storage and Engineering

About an hour had passed. The areas were still dark and unavigable without a light source.

Miwako now could not ignore her bladder any longer. She needed to pee quite badly now, but still kept fidgeting and squirming to keep the pressure under control. Miyuki, unaware of her sister's predicament but equally embarrassed about her own, pressed with both hands against her crotch. The wait was a torture. She started getting very desperate now. For the sake of her own dignity she kept herself from doing a full on pee dance, but she isn't far from there.

In order to distract herself from her need, she tried to talk with Miwako a little.

"So... we just sit around? Stay put for anything that happens?"

Miwako answered after a while of thinking.

"I-I guess so... there isn't m-much we can do, is there?"

Her eyes slowly started getting used to the darkness, making out a very very faint silhouette of her sister.

"I just hope the issue gets fixed soon..."

Both girls sighed.

Almost as if fate wanted to make the situation even worse, reactor coolant liquid started flowing through nearby pipes, resulting in a very audible dripping noise.

The noise caused Miwako to imagine herself, sitting on a toilet, letting-

"No! No! I can't think of this right now. Not now!" she mentally screamed at herself. She felt her bladder weakening for a second, which made her twist her legs as tight as possible, as to not let a single drop escape.

Miyuki, as she heard the dripping noises, squeaked in shock. The noise was enough to cause a couple drops of urine to escape into her panties. She pressed down on her crotch as hard as she could.

"At this rate, I'm gonna wet myself down here. Fuck. I can't believe this is happening... I should've gone when I had the chance..."

Crew Quarters

It took Sandra some time but she finally managed to fix the fusebox. She replaced the wires, cleaned it and replaced any melted complements. But the lights won't turn on...

"Oh my god, I'm so dumb!" She cried out and buried her face into her hands.

"How could I forget about the breaker room? Geez, fuckin' great engineer I am..."

She packed a couple flashlights and headed to the elevator.

But inside, she discovered that it doesn't work. Seems like the breaker also affects elevators...

So she removed a ceiling panel, climbed up onto the elevator and rapelled to the Engineering Deck, using a rope and hook.

Storage and Engineering

Sandra turned her headlamp on. The breaker room has got to be here somewhere...

She stepped into the first room, expecting boxes, or switches. Instead, she found the Otsuka sisters.

"Well, what are you two troublemakers doin' down 'ere?" She called out to them.

Miwako was the first to respond.

"Sorry! S-sorry! We j-just wanted to explore the ship!"

Sandra smiled.

"Heheh, nothin' wrong with that, no worries."

She wanted to continue forwards to the breaker room, but a certain need in the lower abdominal region reminded her of something else that needs fixing.

"Tell you what, in order to turn the power back on, you two need to find the breaker room. It's down here somewhere." Sandra handed the two girls flashlights.

Miyuki looked at her curiously.

"Why won't you do it?" She asked.

Sandra already had an answer at the ready.

"Because I've got some other, more complex stuff to fix. Meanwhile, the breaker room is just switches and levers. Any monkey can pull a lever. Even an all-brawn-no-brains dummy like you."

Miyuki was a little offended.

"Hey! You take that back!"

Sandra chuckled again, and begun walking out.

"Good luck you two."

Miwako and Miyuki stood up.

"So, i guess we just have to find that breaker room thingy. Shouldn't be too hard." Miyuki reiterated what she just heard.

"Alright, then let's go."

The two, now equipped with lit flashlights, begun walking down the central corridor. Miwako could still walk relatively normally without upsetting her bladder too much. Miyuki, on the other hand, had trouble keeping a steady, straight pace.

"You okay, Sis?" Miwako inquired with concern.

"Y-yeah. I'm just a bit... tired... that is all... Nothing big."

Miwako wasn't sure wether or not to believe her.

The corridors was much longer than expected, but they finally reached the breaker room. It was a surprisingly big room with a sideways map of the ship, detailing systems and subsystems. The central power lever was currently set to "OFF".

Miwako grabbed the lever with both hands and gave it a strong push forward. It flipped to "ON"

The lights all went on. Light flooded the previously pitch black areas. However, a small siren went off. It was merely an indicator that emergency power was now offline, but it startled the girls nonetheless. Miyuki got startled to such an extent that she comptlely lost control of her bladder for a second. A small spurt escaped her and went into her panties, but also dripped through a little. But she quickly regained control by quickly sitting back down and digging her hands deeper into her crotch.

There was no point in trying to hide it anymore, so Miyuki gave up and admitted her urgent need.

"I-I was lying... I, uh... kinda really n-need to go... c-can't hold it for much longer... Fuck!"

She pressed her eyes shut in embarrassment. A small tear formed in the corner of her eye.

Miyuki's confession reminded Miwako of her own need, but that's not important right now. She wants to help her sister out...

