Kelsey and maya week bladders

Author: Tanagarcia

*000*2020-06-29 23:41

This is my first story as I’m not too confident. So don’t be too harsh and sorry bad for grammar.

Chapter 1

Kelsey and maya have been best friends since year 1. Now in year 12 at 17 years old they had both seen their highs and lows. Both were pretty Kelsey was 5'4, had a perfect ass, blonde hair and big sized tits for her size. Maya who is 5"5, black haired, bigger boobs and a Has a nice ass.

Kelsey always had a problem her whole life, her bladder. She would pee her pants multiple times a week up until she was 11. It’s gotten a bit better as she’s got older but she still wets herself every couple of months.

Luckily, she had never had an accident at school she would perfectly time when she would go to the bathroom so she would always get out of school in time but she would occasionally wet herself on the way home.

Maya also had problems with her bladder but they weren't anywhere near as bad as Kelsey. When she was growing up until year 4 she would wet herself every couple of months but now days it only happens once or twice a year . However, she had many accident in primary school and 2 in secondary school, year 9 and year 12.

Thankfully, growing up together they had witness each other wet themselves many times so they would both laugh it off.

The last time maya wet herself was 5th and last period of the day. She couldn't go to the toilet at lunch because she had a detention for messing around the lesson before. Unlike other teachers this one held her behind for 40 minutes. She was already holding it for 2 lesson before.

When he finally let her out she had ten minutes to eat and make it to her next class. After lunch she rushed to locker room and got her book she then made her way to her lesson making it in time and sat down next to Kelsey.

After 45 minutes she remembered back to how badly she needed to pee but their was no point in asking to go as the teacher would never let her. Suddenly a wave of desperation hit she quickly grabbed her vagina but still a tiny wee drop escaped and dampened her blue and white striped panties. Maya face went bright red through embarrassment she had only just stoped being made fun of for her last accident there was no way she could pee herself again.

"Omg are u okay" Kelsey whispered.

"No a little bit of wee came". Maya replied nervously.

"Theirs only 15 minutes left and if that is you&#39;re first leak then trust me you'll be fine"

"Okay" Kelsey answered.

After another 5 minutes of being desperate. She felt another wave coming this time a much longer spurt of pee came out of her she could feel the massive wet spot on her panties through her skirt. She squeezed her legs tight and bent over to gain control.

2 minutes later she felt a big twinge in her bladder another very long spurt escaped from her pussy she once again managed to control it. She could now feel a little puddle at the bottom of her seat and she knew their was a wet spot big on her navy skirt. Her panties were completely soaked.

"Kelsey i’m not going to make it theirs already a puddle". maya whispered.

"Common theirs only 5 mins left". Kelsey said positively.

"I won't even last 30 seconds let only 5 minutes and the walk to the toilet just tell me what to do." Maya asked.

"Okay maybe move you&#39;re skirt out the way and I'll play a ringtone on my phone loud so they won't hear the sound." Kelsey suggested

Just as Kelsey got the ringtone up maya started peeing before she could move her skirt. Pee flowed out of her panties and skirt and formed a puddle on the floor. Kelsey throughout this time had dropped her phone to the side whilst the ringtone was playing, so they would look at her instead of maya. After 30 seconds of the teacher shouting maya gave the nod that she was done. Kelsey went back to her seat, 20 seconds later, with nobody looking, she sprayed strong perfume on mayas lap.

After the lesson the stayed seated till everyone was gone and explained everything to the teacher. The teacher then apologised and told them she will now let people go to the toilet when they ask. Kelsey and maya stayed behind in the classroom for 30 minutes until almost every student was gone and headed home.

