The Pony Omorashi Collection

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-11-21 07:33

Some of my higher quality omorashi stories revolving around the ponies of My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. I originally wrote these on fimfiction.net, and put them here for someone who would enjoy them. Though this is with ponies rather than humans, they will all be wearing outfits for it.

Note: Rarity's chapter had a few fart scenes so I removed them in case they're a turn-off for any of you. If anyone wants them with the fart scenes, let me know and I'll link you to the original.

Also, the formula may seem repetitive. That's why on fimfiction I had to make them chapters of the same story. Since it merges replies I had to do it all in one post.

One last note: I didn't do one for Applejack cause I don't usually fetishize her. I don't know why. But I did all the other Main 6, so if you have a specific taste for any of them, each has her own high-quality story. And if you like all of them in these situations, read every chapter!

Rarity's Desperation

On a hot summer day in Ponyville, Rainbow Dash and Applejack had asked Twilight Sparkle, Rarity, Fluttershy, and Pinkie Pie to compete alongside them in a six-pony relay race.

Pinkie Pie entered immediately because she knew it would be fun. Twilight had never run a relay race before and was interested to try it out. Fluttershy felt confident about it as well, probably because there were five other ponies to share the spotlight with her.

Rarity wasn't usually into sports, but didn't want to let her friends down, so she agreed to enter - on the condition that they enter in style! Before the race she fashioned sparkly racing outfits for them resembling skintight shorts and matching midriff tank tops. Rarity's were purple, Twilight's were dark blue, Rainbow Dash's were a shade of blue darker than her but lighter than Twilight's outfit, Applejack's was red, Fluttershy's was green, and Pinkie Pie's was dark pink. These outfits were sporty yet lovely.

Before the race, Rarity had drank 10 cups of tea. She made her way to the racetrack, where the Main 6 would be racing against one of the other seven teams in the race first (all of which consisted mostly of background ponies). It was a hot day, so Rarity drank several bottles of water, as did Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy, while waiting half an hour for all the ponies to arrive, and the race to begin.

At the start of the race, they were positioned: Pinkie Pie, Twilight, Fluttershy, Rarity, Applejack, Rainbow Dash. As soon as the announcer - Spike - said "Go", Pinkie Pie began running, and reached Twilight before the other pony did, carrying the stick in her mouth and throwing it to her. Twilight got to Fluttershy, who got to Rarity, who ran as fast as she could.

It was a full racetrack with quite a bit of distance to cover, but Rarity reached Applejack well ahead of the other pony, and it wasn't long before Applejack and Rainbow Dash finished the race.

All of them were exhausted and a little sweaty, but satisfied that they won the race and would advance to the semifinals. They drank a lot more water while they watched the other teams race.

After the second race, Fluttershy quietly said "I'll be right back," and ran into one of the many outhouses on the racetrack.

"I really gotta pee too!" said Pinkie Pie, and she ran into another.

Now that they mentioned it, Rarity was feeling the urge to pee as well, but she brushed it off. She didn't like using public bathrooms or outhouses. She thought they were absolutely filthy from how many ponies would use them, and not knowing whether they had been cleaned properly. She'd rather hold it.

After the last two races, 20 minutes went by so the ponies could relax and be ready for the next race. Rarity fidgeted a bit, the need to pee growing heavier.

"You all right there Rares?" said Applejack.

"I'm fine," said Rarity.

After the 20 minutes, it was decided Rarity's team would, again, race first. They positioned themselves the same as last time, and raced just as well as last time.

When it was Rarity's turn, she ran faster than before, trying to hide her desperation, though the pressure in her bladder was much heavier than before.

Rarity's team won the race again. She was even hotter and sweatier than before; her outfit was damp now. The other ponies drank several bottles of water. Rarity's screaming bladder told her not to do the same, but she was very hot and thirsty, so she had no choice but to drink five bottles of water.

The Main 6 sat on the sidelines while the other two teams raced, knowing that whichever team won would be their next opponent. Rarity really needed to go, fidgeting harder now.

"I gotta go to the bathroom," said Rainbow Dash, and she ran to an outhouse. Twilight, Applejack, and Pinkie Pie each ran into another. Fluttershy was fine for the moment, she hadn't drank as much water as Pinkie Pie did. Rarity was in desperate need of a bathroom, but still wouldn't use the "filthy" outhouses.

When Rainbow Dash, Twilight, Applejack, and Pinkie returned, Applejack noticed Rarity fidgeting, and the pained look on her face.

"Ya know, if you need to go to the bathroom, why don't you just go? There's plenty of outhouses over there."

Rarity blushed. "I'm fine, thank you."

"You're gonna want to go before the next race," said Twilight. "All that water you've been drinking."

"I don't like public bathrooms, especially outhouses," said Rarity. "So filthy. Not very clean."

"So you'd rather risk wettin' yourself than use one?" said Applejack. "That wouldn't be much cleaner."

"Actually, urine is sterile," said Twilight.

"Yeah, but wetting yourself in front of HUNDREDS of ponies would be, like, the most embarrassing thing EVER!" said Pinkie Pie. "I know. I've done it once. In those cute teal shorts you made for me, Rarity."

"Oh my, I know I'd never be able to stand it," said Fluttershy.

"I can hold it," said Rarity, although she really didn't look it.

"If you say so," said Rainbow Dash. "But don't whine too much if you have an accident in your racing shorts!"

Once the race was done, there was a 30-minute wait for the next race, in which the ponies could relax, drink water, have a quick snack (nothing too big right before running), or go to the bathroom if they needed to.

Rarity began squirming even harder. She could feel the pee sloshing around inside her. By now the heat had dried the sweat off her outfit, but she was feeling very hot and thirsty again, so she couldn't help but drink more bottles of water, even though she knew she'd regret it later.

The other ponies drank more water, and Pinkie Pie ran to the bathroom twice more, while Fluttershy did so once. Rainbow Dash didn't, although she had drank nearly as much as Pinkie Pie.

"See Rarity? Even Fluttershy's not afraid to use the bathrooms here," said Twilight as soon as Fluttershy had disappeared behind the outhouse door.

The pressure grew heavier, and Rarity crossed her legs and fidgeted harder, a pained look on her face.

"Rares, just go," said Applejack. "Make a dash for one of those outhouses. I'm pretty sure they clean them every night."

Rarity considered it. She wasn't sure she could make it through the next race and then back to her home, after they claimed either their gold or silver trophy. But...

"No, I can't. Still too filthy."

Rainbow Dash chuckled at how stubborn Rarity was being. "Hey, if you wet yourself, you can always go for a swim with me in a river. Maybe a really fast raging river, that ends in a waterfall!"

Rarity was feeling more uncomfortable the longer Rainbow Dash spoke.

"Yeah, then we can splash down the waterfall together! Or, I could make it rain on you! I'll grab a big raincloud, and kick it, and there'll be lots of rain! I can almost hear the sound of raindrops already, splashing on the ground and making puddles!"

Rarity whimpered as she felt a bit of pee leak into her shorts and crossed her legs even tighter, still fidgeting.

"Rainbow, quit it!" said Applejack. "That ain't funny."

"How would you feel if you were in her position?" said Twilight.

"It's her own fault for not wanting to use the bathrooms here," said Rainbow Dash. "But... I wouldn't like it very much, so I'll stop." She considered startling Rarity into wetting herself with a thundercloud, or tickling her, but she knew Rarity and the others wouldn't like it. Except maybe Pinkie Pie, she'd just piss her own shorts from laughing too hard.

After what felt like hours for Rarity, the final race was about to begin. As Rarity stood up to go to her position, she felt herself become even more desperate from standing up. She felt like she was about to burst as she walked to her spot, which, most inconveniently for her, was the fourth spot, so she had quite a ways to walk. She sprinted the rest of the way there, hoping it wouldn't tire her out for the race. She really, REALLY needed to go, and she wasn't sure she was going to make it.

"On your marks... get set... GO!"

Rarity stood doing the pee dance while waiting for Fluttershy to reach her. She knew hundreds of ponies were watching, but didn't care. Besides, she was trusting on the pony who was running to get all the attention so no one would be looking at her until it was her turn.

Fluttershy ran faster than usual, motivated by wanting Rarity to make it to a bathroom. As soon as she reached her, she threw the stick to her.

Rarity tried to catch it in her mouth, but missed, and it fell to the ground.

"Oh, I'm so sorry Rarity," said Fluttershy.

"It's all right darling," said Rarity, trying not to sound tense. "I'm the one who missed it."

She picked up the stick and ran so fast she looked as though she could have beaten Rainbow Dash and Applejcak in a race. She needed to pee so badly that she ran faster than she ever thought she could, as if she was running toward a bathroom itself, for it was only once the race was done and they had claimed their trophy that she could get back home and use her very clean bathroom.

She reached Applejack and threw the stick to her. Applejack caught it easily, and as she ran toward Rainbow Dash, Rarity sat down, more tired than ever and dripping with sweat. She crossed her legs and fidgeted as Applejack threw the stick to Rainbow Dash, who finished the race, beating the other team by a landslide.

"Team Rainbow Dash wins!" said Spike. Rainbow Dash and Applejack had decided through hoof-wrestling who to name their team after.

Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Twilight, Fluttershy, and Pinkie Pie walked over to Rarity.

"You take your trophy," said Rarity, who was unable to keep her desperation out of her voice. "I don't think I can stand up, unless I'm running home. Tell them I'm just too tired after running so fast." Which was almost true.

The other five ponies stood on the podium to take their trophy. Rarity watched while squirming where she sat. She wished she could have been on the podium for the ponies to see her sparkly outfit in her victory, but she knew if she stood up for any reason other than to run home, she'd have an accident in front of all the ponies.

She considered making a break for it now, but she wanted to wait until the victory ceremony was over. Only ten seconds later, Rarity felt herself dribbling, and she knew she wouldn't last much longer. She decided to run back home NOW. Her friends would understand.

Before she could even stand up, however, she felt a steady stream of pee make its way out of her into her shorts, which did not let up. Rarity tried hard to stop, but she couldn't. Rarity was peeing herself, in front of hundreds of ponies. She whimpered and blushed beet red with embarrassment as her shorts grew wetter and wetter, and a puddle formed around her butt.

As she continued to wet herself, Rarity felt two things at once. The first was shock at wetting herself for the first time since, as long as she could remember. For such a popular and feminine pony such as her to pee herself like a little filly was the biggest humiliation she had ever experienced. The second feeling was relief at finally letting go, and if it wasn't so embarrassing and unladylike, part of her might have enjoyed the feeling. She even sighed in relief, against her will.

Her friends came running back toward her.

"All right Rarity, you can..." Twilight stopped at the sight of Rarity sitting in a puddle that was still growing.

"Oh my," said Fluttershy, blushing.

"Hoo, Rarity," said Applejack rather loudly. "Y'all must've been runnin' really fast to be sweatin' that much."

"Really?" said Pinkie Pie. "Cause it looks to me like she's..."

Twilight elbowed her. "We know," she whispered. "We just don't want all the other ponies to know that, so she can feel better about it."

"Oooooohhh," said Pinkie.

"I've never seen such a big puddle of sweat," said Rainbow Dash. "Way to win the race for us, Rares!"

Now that Rarity came to think about it, her sparkly purple outfit was already soaked with sweat, so only those who were really close could tell that she was peeing herself. She was sure her friends knew, but even Rainbow Dash wasn't laughing at her, and they were covering it up. Also, all the ponies had to have been looking at Rainbow Dash, Applejack, and the others because they were on the podium claiming their prize. Because of all the water she drank her pee didn't even smell so it would be easy to hide on the way back. This wasn't as bad as she had thought.

Rarity peed for about a minute and 45 seconds, and felt much better once she was done. She was still blushing lightly with embarrassment, but Applejack helped her to her feet.

"You all go on ahead," said Rainbow Dash, tossing her trophy to Applejack. "I gotta go to the bathroom."

Rainbow Dash entered one of the outhouses. Like the other ponies, her shorts were soaked with sweat too. She sat on the toilet and began peeing through her shorts into it.

"Ahhhhhhh." Rainbow Dash loved the feeling of this, and her shorts were already wet so who cares?

Rainbow Dash's Desperation

Rainbow Dash was ready to do another Iron Pony competition with Applejack, this time agreeing to not use her wings.

It was a hot summer day rather than fall, so Rainbow Dash had a big glass of water after doing her stretches.

As usual, Twilight kept score and Spike was the announcer.

At the end of each event, Rainbow Dash and Applejack drank a mug of cider, for they were very hot and sweaty after each one.

Rainbow didn't use her wings for any of the events. They were tied by the time of the final event, which was a tug of war. After a few seconds, Applejack pulled Rainbow Dash into the mud. Rainbow Dash was disappointed, but was a good sport this time.

After drinking one last cider, she said "I should be going to the Wonderbolt show now!"

After taking a bath at home, she put on her Wonderbolt outfit and flew to the arena in Manehattan where they would be performing. Having flown very fast, she arrived early. She was thirsty after this flight on a hot day, so she drank two more glasses of water.

By the time the show was about to begin, Rainbow Dash started to feel pressure on her bladder. The cider she had drank had gone through her. But, she wasn't too concerned. She was sure she could hold it. She'd held it for a long time before. Though she hadn't had that much to drink then.

The Wonderbolts began performing with spectacular flying moves. Rainbow Dash did all of her techniques perfectly at first, although as the time went by she started to become more uncomfortable. She nearly slipped up on one move, but was able to finish the show.

Next came a race, which the rich ponies would bet on. The ponies got to the start line, and Rainbow tried not to fidget. At the sound of the horn, the Wonderbolts took off to fly around the racetrack. Rainbow Dash flew the fastest, from a combination of being the fastest pegasus and her need to pee, and won the race, to the thunderous applause of the audience.

After flying to the center of the arena and bowing to the audience, the show was over, much to Rainbow Dash's relief.

Rather than use a bathroom at the arena, Rainbow flew back to her house at top speed. By the time she was home, her Wonderbolt outfit was soaked in sweat. She peeled her outfit off and drank five glasses of water, until she was feeling cooler and less thirsty.

Yes, this seemed a foolish thing to do when she needed to pee, but she could use her bathroom now.

She had just turned in the direction of her bathroom when she caught a glimpse of a clock. It was 1:55 PM. With a jolt, she remembered that she was to fly alongside Fluttershy and Bulk Biceps in an aerial relay race at Cloudsdale in five minutes!

She quickly changed into the sports outfit Rarity had fashioned for her - a skintight pair of dark blue shorts with a white tank top. She had just reached the door when she remembered she still had to go to the bathroom. After thinking it over for a few seconds, she took off toward Cloudsdale. Surely such an awesome pony as her could hold it, plus it might make her fly faster!

She reached Cloudsdale, where Fluttershy and Bulk Biceps waited for her. They wore similar outfits of Rarity's design, except Fluttershy's shorts were green and Bulk Biceps's were gray.

"Are you ready to win the relay race?" said Fluttershy, who was confident in Rainbow Dash's speed.

"Do you have to ask?" said Rainbow Dash. She felt confident until the pressure in her bladder grew heavier, and she started to look more uncomfortable. She crossed her legs, sweating a bit.

"Oh my," said Fluttershy. "After that flight here you're probably really hot and thirsty." She quickly got Rainbow Dash a big glass of water.

Rainbow Dash was reluctant. She really needed to go, and more water wouldn't help her hold it. But, she was feeling thirsty, so she drank it without complaint.

"How much longer before the race begins?" said Rainbow Dash as she sat down, fidgeting a little.

"RIGHT NOW!" said Bulk Biceps.

Their opponents - Hoops, Score, and Dumb Bell - came in. They weren't wearing any sports outfits, and Rainbow wished at this point that Rarity hadn't insisted she and her team do so, for losing control without wearing an outfit, as embarrassing as it would be, would be preferable to if she was wearing one when it happened.

Rainbow braced herself for the jocks to notice how desperate she was and make fun of her, but they didn't. She had forgotten, they respected her now after witnessing her Sonic Rainboom.

The six pegasi got to their positions for the race. Rainbow Dash was to be the third to fly, and as soon as she reached her position, she crossed her legs, a pained expression on her face.

Bulk Biceps took a while to get to Fluttershy, and Rainbow fidgeted harder. The sooner she finished this race the sooner she could find a bathroom!

Fluttershy flew as fast as she could towards Rainbow Dash once it was her turn. She could tell how desperate Rainbow Dash was and wanted her to make it. She was dripping with sweat when she reached Rainbow Dash and gave her the horseshoe.

As she took the horseshoe, Rainbow uncrossed her legs, feeling a lot more uncomfortable. She flew as fast as her wings could carry her, reaching the finish within seconds.

"Team Rainbow wins!" said the announcer.

Rainbow Dash would normally express delight at winning a race, but she needed to pee too badly to feel anything else right now. She was about to fly off toward the bathroom, when she remembered she had to claim her trophy. Fluttershy and Bulk Biceps were already on the winners' platform, so Rainbow zipped over there, doing the pee dance. A few of the pegasi in the audience snickered, but she didn't care.

"Fluttershy, can you take the trophy?" said Rainbow Dash. "I really have to go!"

"Of course, Rainbow Dash," said Fluttershy. "Then you'll be set to race Applejack!"

Rainbow had completely forgotten that she and Applejack were going to race on a big racetrack, which took about a minute for even a fast pony like her to run a single lap. Flying would be a snap, but she promised she wouldn't use her wings. And, at Rainbow Dash's suggestion, they were to run 30 laps.

But, what was she worried about? All she had to do was use the bathroom here and she'd be fine for the entire race.

As soon as the trophy was presented to Rainbow Dash, she handed it to Fluttershy and made a break for the nearest bathroom. Rainbow could almost feel the relief already.

Until she saw ten ponies in line for the bathroom. Rainbow groaned, and put both hooves on her crotch. She could feel her desperation increase as the minutes went by, feeling like hours to her.

Somehow, each pony in front of her took at least two minutes before exiting the outhouse. Rainbow squirmed harder, and looked at the clock. It was getting close to 2:30, the time of her race with Applejack.

By the time there were three ponies in front of her, it was 2:29. Rainbow knew she'd be late for the race if she waited for the other three ponies. Letting out a frustrated yell, she took off toward the racetrack. Her desperation drove her to fly faster than she ever had before without doing a Sonic Rainboom.

She arrived at the racetrack, where Applejack was waiting. Her shorts were soaked and at first she thought she had peed herself mid-flight, until she realized it was sweat. Of course, with how much she needed to pee, if she wet herself now it would still be very noticeable.

"Ah was beginnin' to think you wouldn't show," said Applejack. "Here, have some cider."

Rainbow didn't think twice. She was so thirsty after her race and flight that she drank five cups of cider.

"That cider's real good on a hot day," said Applejack. "Course, drinkin' too much of it at once makes you gotta pee real bad. While you were doin' your Wonderbolt show I was peein' for probably close to a minute. I ain't never peed for so long, but it felt so good..."

"QUIET!" said Rainbow Dash as she leaked a bit into her shorts. But as they were already wet, this wasn't noticeable.

"Right, let's race."

Rainbow Dash and Applejack stood at the starting line, with Big McIntosh and Apple Bloom there to keep score of them, respectively, and Granny Smith as the announcer.

"Ready... get set... and go!" said Granny Smith.

Rainbow Dash and Applejack ran. Rainbow was tired from her previous competitions, but she still had to go to the bathroom really badly, and that made her run faster than she ever had in her life, desperate to finish the race and use the outhouse in the area.

Applejack was surprised as Rainbow ran by her again. And again. And again. They were usually evenly matched. Why was Rainbow suddenly faster on foot? Was she using her wings? Nope. Next time she ran by, Applejack saw clearly she was running.

As fast as she ran, the race seemed to go on forever. Her bladder was still throbbing, still more full than it had ever been. She wished she hadn't set the race to run so many laps.

"EYYYYUP!" said Big McIntosh as loud as he could, once Rainbow had crossed the finish line for the 30th time. She was exhausted, panting, and dripping with sweat, so much that if she peed right there no one would notice.

Applejack continued running for sport, waiting for Apple Bloom to signal her crossing the final time.

Rainbow Dash drank 10 mugs of cider, not caring how it would affect her later, for she could now use the outhouse. But she was so tired, she wanted to rest first. With the cool cider she drank, she stopped sweating, and before long the summer heat turned her sweaty outfit from wet to damp.

Then, just as Apple Bloom said "Applejack gets second place!", Rainbow became aware of her full bladder again. She was about to run toward the outhouse, when Applejack ran in front of her, panting and sweaty.

"Wow, you've gotten a lot faster since the last time," said Applejack.

"Well, I haven't gone to the bathroom since our Iron Pony competition and I REALLY need to go!" said Rainbow Dash.

At that moment, the train arrived at the nearby train track. "All aboard for Appleoosa," said the conductor.

"We'd better get goin'," said Applejack. "Or else we're gonna be late for our buckball game against Braeburn."

Rainbow cringed. In her desperation she had forgotten that she and Applejack were playing against Braeburn's team at Appleoosa again. Fluttershy and Pinkie Pie were better players than them, but Fluttershy didn't want to do more than one athletic event in one day, and Pinkie Pie was busy babysitting the Cake twins.

"All right, I'll be on the train in a minute," said Rainbow Dash, and she started to fly toward the outhouse, but Applejack grabbed her tail and held her back.

"We don't wanna miss the train. You can use the bathroom there."

Rainbow Dash reluctantly boarded the train with Applejack. As soon as it was in motion, she ran toward its bathroom, but to her horror it had an "Out of Order" sign on it. Rainbow rushed over to Applejack, sat down next to her, and started fidgeting hard.

"What's wrong with the bathroom?" said Applejack.

"It's out of order!" said Rainbow Dash through gritted teeth. "Why couldn't you let me use the outhouse at the racetrack and then fly to Appleoosa?"

"Cause you're exhausted from the race. You'll need to rest a bit if we're gonna beat Braeburn."

"I can't play if I have to pee this badly!"

"There'll be a bathroom there you can use, if you can hold it till then."

"And if I can't?"

"Then ah hope wet shorts won't affect your performance."

Rainbow was now wishing she had peed herself when her shorts were soaked. In minutes the sweat had completely dried off her. All the extra drinks she had taken were starting to catch up to her now. Rainbow was more desperate than she had ever been in her life. She whimpered and fidgeted hard, her legs crossed tight.

The train ride took an hour, but it felt like an eternity to Rainbow Dash, who could feel the pressure grow heavier and heavier with each passing minute. She could feel waves of pee sloshing around inside her, and wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it.

"Hang in there Rainbow Dash," said Applejack as they got closer to Appleoosa. "We're almost there."

Finally, they reached Appleoosa. As soon as they were out, Rainbow Dash ran to the nearest outhouse. It was occupied. Frantically doing the pee dance, she banged on the door, but the pony inside wouldn't come out, so she ran to the arena where they were playing buckball. This arena had a full bathroom to it, so Rainbow Dash entered it. To her dismay, every stall was full.

"OH COME ON!" she said. She felt herself leak a little, and whimpered.

Rainbow did the pee dance again as she waited for one of the ponies to get out of the stall.

"HURRY UP IN THERE!" she cried as she leaked again.

After about five minutes, the toilet flushed, and Rainbow started to feel better. At long last, she was finally going to get the relief she needed. It would feel so good to finally let it all out.

But before the stall door opened, Applejack came running in and said "Ah hope you already went to the bathroom, cause the game's startin' now!"

"Just give me one minute!" said Rainbow Dash as a pony came out of the stall whose toilet had just flushed.

"We don't have a minute," said Applejack, and she pulled Rainbow Dash into the buckball arena.

Rainbow Dash reluctantly got in position next to the basket, and the game was on.

The entire time, Rainbow had both her hooves on her crotch. Between the fact that she was hardly moving, and that a cloud had blocked the sun, cooling the weather drastically, Rainbow Dash was not sweating. The only dampness on her shorts was from when she had leaked earlier. Rainbow hoped that it would rain so that she could pee without anyone noticing, and then play seriously. However, the cloud was not a raincloud, and was the only cloud in the sky.

Rainbow was so focused on holding it that she let several goals into the basket.

"Hey, Rainbow! Try harder!" said Applejack.

"But I REALLY have to go!" said Rainbow Dash, tearing up a bit.

"If anyone can hold it and still play, it's you."

Applejack couldn't possibly understand how badly Rainbow Dash needed to pee right now. She had drank more water and cider than she would have thought possible, and was sure that it had all gone through her now. Her bladder was throbbing, and she felt like she was about to burst.

But, Applejack's words gave her the confidence to try.

She was afraid that if she stopped holding herself she'd have an accident in her shorts. So, she decided to use every other part of her to try to block the ball.

When the ball came flying toward her basket, Rainbow kicked it. This put a bit extra pressure on her, and she didn't want to kick again. The next time, she used her wing, which hurt a little from the force the ball was flying at, causing her to go off balance for a bit. Next time she saved with her head, and felt a little dizzy afterwards. Usually it wouldn't bother her, but she knew it wouldn't help her current situation.

As the ball came flying at her again, Rainbow Dash turned around and hit the ball with her butt. This sent an unexpected jolt through her bladder and she leaked for three seconds. Her shorts had a bigger wet spot on them now, and she hoped they were dark enough that ponies couldn't tell from a distance.

She let out a whimper of surprise as the ball hit her in the butt again, causing her to leak a little more.

"That tush seems to be doin' the trick," said Applejack as she kicked the ball into a basket.

"But it's making me pee a little!" said Rainbow Dash, blushing lightly.

"I'm real sorry sugarcube, but can you try to save that way for a little while longer? Ah promise you can have all the cider you want today."

"Deal!" said Rainbow Dash, though she was still in desperate need of a bathroom.

Rainbow hit the ball with her rump a few more times, still holding herself with both hooves and still extremely desperate to pee. Every few hits would make Rainbow leak a bit more into her shorts, making them wetter each time. Eventually she got so desperate she could hardly move, and missed the ball a few times. Applejack was annoyed, but seeing how desperate Rainbow Dash was, and how wet she was already, she felt sorry for her and didn't give her a hard time.

At long last, the game was over.

"Braeburn's team wins!" said the announcer.

Rainbow Dash didn't care that she had lost. All she wanted was to go to the bathroom NOW!

She ran to the arena bathroom as fast as she could, dribbling the entire way. Upon entering the bathroom, she saw that all the stalls were full, again. She frantically did the pee dance waiting for the ponies to come out.

After a five-second leak, she said "Screw it" and ran outside toward the outhouse, her shorts getting even wetter as she dribbled more.

By the time she reached the outhouse, the spurts had become a steady stream that wouldn't stop. Rainbow tried to open the outhouse door, but it was locked. At that moment, seemingly with the knowledge that she had no access to any bathrooms, she stopped holding it in and lost complete control.

Rainbow's stream grew harder as she began peeing full force. Her shorts became soaked in a matter of seconds, and her stream passed through them to the ground below her, while at the same time, rivers of pee flowed down her legs in torrents. A massive puddle grew under her.

Rainbow couldn't believe what was happening. She, the fastest flyer in all of Equestria, one of the Wonderbolts, and one of the saviors of Equestria, was wetting herself uncontrollably. Ponies were staring at her, and she blushed with embarrassment, all too aware of the hissing sound emanating from her and the rapidly expanding puddle she was standing in.

She couldn't stand anymore, and sat down, her rear end splashing into her puddle, and still peeing. As humiliating as this was, she couldn't deny the relief felt really good after holding so much in for so long. The warm wetness that soaked her lower half also felt good too. Almost... arousing.

"Ahhhhhh, that's better," said Rainbow Dash, still peeing.

Applejack ran over to Rainbow Dash, stepping in her puddle, backing away, and staring at the pegasus as she continued to soak herself, blushing but looking as though she was enjoying it. She felt bad for Rainbow Dash, and wished she had let her go before the game, delaying the game just a minute to spare Rainbow Dash total humiliation. Except... Dashie looked like she was having fun wetting herself.

She peed for just under three minutes, at the end of which she was sitting in a huge puddle and her cute skintight shorts were completely drenched. She let out an immense sigh of relief now that her bladder was completely empty. Then the realization that she had peed herself in front of several ponies, including Applejack, hit her, and she blushed beet red.
