Her Plan

Author: The

*000*2013-06-13 20:35

This is my second ever story, so I hope everyone enjoys. ^^ This might be a short chapter, but I plan on this having 2 chapters, but of course, if the readers want it. c:

~Chapter 1~

She was standing there, one hand rapidly clicking keys on a keyboard, and the other pressing desperately at her crotch. She was desperate, desperate for a while now. But that wasn't only one of the thing she was trying to take care of.

That morning, Nia had a plan. Her marks at her school weren't the best, and she knew that if her parents had found out, they wouldn't be too happy either. She knew this was an insane idea, but she decided to hack into the school's system, and change her grades. The plan was, to sneak into the office after school, and hide in one of the closets at the back that no one used, and stay there until closing our. Then, she would sneak out, and as the computer- sabby girl she was, hack into the school system, and change her mark.

Before she left for school that morning, she made sure to grab some extra clothes. Black shorts, a black shirt, and a black sweater, and she stuffed them all into her bag. The day had gone like normal, first period, second period, lunch, third period, then fourth.

Nia was sitting in fourth, desperately waiting for the bell to ring. She wasn't only anxious to leave and execute her plan, but she was desperate to pee! Two fingers up her crotch, holding in the liquids, and her legs waving back and forth as she sat in her desk. The bell finally went off, and with caution, she got up, and walked out the door towards the girl's bathroom.

She pushed open the door and ran in with her bag. She planned to go in here anyway, since she wanted to change out of her uniform, and into her black clothing. But she was hurrying now, because she was holding back a days worth of urine inside of her bladder. There was another girl just walking into one of the stalls, in the same state as her, most likely even worse, clenching her thighs and slightly best forward. Nia was pressing tightly against her lips as she opened up the stall, turned around locked the stall door and threw her bag on the floor. She took her hand away from her crotch, which sent a huge spasm through her bladder, almost making her wet herself. As she was quickly unbuckling her belt, she could hear in the next stall, a ferocious stream of urine splash into the toilet, following a loud moan of relief. Nia almost lost it.

She stopped what she was doing, and clenched her crotch with all her might, as a drop of the golden liquid made presence in her panties. She was sweating, and her teeth were clenched. The sound of the loud stream echoed off of the bathroom walls as Nia quickly finished unbuckling her belt, and finally pulled down her jeans, following her panties. Before she even sat down on the porcelain bowl, a quick stream of urine shot out, splashing on the glossy bathroom floor. She sat her cheeks on the cold surface of the bowl. Nia looked down at her womanhood, between her legs, the two delicate lips of hers, trembling, hovering above the toilet water, knowing that her own liquid, would soon join with the water of the toilet.

As she was staring down, she could see a solid stream shoot out from between the lips of her womanhood, with the force of white rapids. The sound of the stream was echoing throughout the whole bathroom, along with the sound of her noisy neighbour. Nia's stream was a solid gold arc, shooting down into the toilet bowl, her relief magnificent. She knew that beside her, was a girl that was in worse condition as her, experiencing the same thing. Nia's stream was solid for a minute, shooting down into the toilet water, splashing noisily. She could hear from the stall next to her, the torrent that once was, slowly fall to a trickle, and stop with a few more drops, following a quite moan, almost inaudible.

As the girl next door left the stall, Nia's stream was at full force, spraying and spraying more gold liquid in a torrent from between her lips, adding to the volume of the toilet bowl. The stream slowly started going down, into a steady stream, trickling into the water, slowly forming into a couple of drops. Nia squeezed once more, streaming out what was left of the liquid inside of her. Nia moaned in relief as she delicately wiped herself clean, got up, still trembling on her legs, and got changed, ready to start her plan.

~End of chapter 1~

*005*2013-06-29 04:25

I finally finished it. Sorry for the unnecessarily long wait. But I really hope you have as much fun reading it as I had writing it. And thank you for all of the positive feedback. It really motivates me!

~ Chapter 2 ~

After Nia relieved herself of her bloated bladder, she proceeded to sliding off her jeans, and her shirt, and threw on a tight pair of shorts, and a tight shirt. “I knew I should have bought new clothes,” Nia thought to herself. “These are way tighter than when I remember the last time wearing these.” After she dressed herself with the newly acquired clothing, she stuffed her bag with her original clothes, and waited in the bathroom stall for about 30 or so minutes, periodically taking sips from her plastic water bottle.

After Nia waited for what felt like an hour, Nia creeped open the stall door, and ninja'd her way around the halls, crouching, jumping, and whatever means necessary to traverse the halls without being spotted. Nia reached the nerve-centre of the school. The location in the centre of the school, where all the offices were, and where the main entrance was located. Nia was peeking around a corner, and as she thought the coast was clear, she almost jumped out, before she noticed that the principle and vice principle were making their way out of the school, both with suitcases and coffees in hand, probably laughing about something ridiculous that happened in the teacher's lunch room. Her heart skipped a beat as she quickly stopped herself before she made her presence known. She waited until the two staff made their way out of the door, and their conversation a mere murmur.

Nia hopped around the corner, and she saw that the lights in the offices had been switched off, meaning that no one would be around here- that is, unless the janitors or other staff made their way into the office. But other than that, she should be perfectly fine. But, there was just one thing Nia couldn't think of. There was something else that she should be cautious about. But she just disregarded it, as she creeked open the office door, surprised that it was unlocked, and scurried her way to the back of the room, criss-crossing her way around boxes and papers left neglected on the carpet floor.

Once she reached the back, she opened up one of the large metal closets that normally stored papers, documents, or other school related nic-nacs. But since it was closing the end of the school year, the closets were cleaned out, ready to stock up for next year. She slowly welcomed herself inside of the dark closet, only little light from the dimly lit halls. She closed the closet door, encasing herself in the metal chamber.

Nia took out her water bottle, and took a long sip, as she was parched from all the scurrying around the school. “I have to wait here for how long?” She wondered to herself. She slipped out her cellphone from her pocket, and clicked on the glaring screen. 4:17pm. She sighed as she knew, that she would have to wait until at least 8 o' clock, until she was 100% sure that no one would be left in the school. Minutes passed, feeling like hours. Periodically taking sips from her water bottle. At one point she took the water bottle up to her lips, and noticed that the bottle was empty.

She shrugged as she cautiously placed the bottle on the metal floor, making sure not to make too much noise. She noticed the slightest twinge in her bladder, but she disregarded it as another sign of stress or paranoia. She checked her phone again. 5:24pm. She slouched down onto the closed floor, leaning her head on the side of the closet wall. Her eyelids started to close shut, slowly, until she noticed, and opened her eyes, surprising herself how tired she was. “I can't fall asleep!” She thought, “Not here!” 5 minutes passed, and her eyelids fluttered. “I can't sleep... I can't...” she saw complete darkness, “sleep...”

Nia was frolicking through a thick, grassy meadow. She was laughing, smiling, dashing through the tall thick greenery. She had been purchasing beverages at the stand that were oddly located around the meadow. She wasn't totally sure why, but it didn't matter. She was enjoying herself nonetheless. Nia skipped to an opening, where the line of tall grass ended, and she spotted a swing set, a tree, and a small pond, all conveniently located to each other. Nia trotted over to the pond, and looked into it. This wasn't ordinary water. She dipped her finger in the pond, and took a lick at the mysterious substance. Orange juice!? What was this place? She was very confused, but she had been parched, and greedily dipped her head into the pool of orange liquid, consuming as much as she pleased.

After much time of slurping the great juice, she thought that is was enough, and she was feeling rather bloated. She took a walk over the the swing, and gently swung back and forth, not so much as she would throw up all of what she just consumed, but just enough that she would enjoy herself. After a while of swinging, she noticed a sharp jolt of pressure, shoot through her bladder. She threw he hands to her crotch, trying to sooth her pressured vagina. She cautiously stopped swinging, and stood up, wondering where to dispense of all of her pent up urine. She was looking around, frantically thinking of what to do. She was extremely desperate to pee, but where!? She thought to herself, noticing that there was no one else around.

She thought this was a crazy idea, but she reminded herself about how abnormal the place she was in. So she quickly decided to hobble over to the tree, and relive herself of her stored up liquids. Halfway to the tree, she stopped, and pressed a finger between her two delicate lips, relieved of all the pressure that was suddenly presented upon her. She leaned over a bit, clenching her teeth and moaned quietly. Beads of sweat slithering down her skin. She had to to it right here, right now. She squatted down, hands still in position, clenching in all of her pent up pee.

She quickly released her inflamed vagina, and slid down her jeans around her butt and down her legs, and followed with sliding her panties down the same path. She squatted there, feeling all of the urine flow down to her urethra, all of her liquid ready to splash and soak the lush green grass, and the soil presented underneath he two, wonderfully shaped lips. She felt it slowly make it's way through to the end of the path, right on the edge of the exit. She saw the liquid glimmer between the fold of her womanhood. She sighed as she released her stored up urine, glorious relief risen upon her.

Nia's eyes shot open, as a quick stream of the golden liquid shot from her flaming vagina. She threw her hand to her crotch. Squeezing her muscles as tight as she could, sealing in the leak the managed to escape her tight hold. “Not again!” She though, referring to her incident earlier today. She massaged her lips as she heard something, out of the ordinary. She heard a trickle. There was a loud stream, strong and steady, coming from the office bathroom. The teacher had obviously left the door open, not expecting any other visitors. But which teacher? Nia couldn't help but listen the the strong torrent die down to a trickle, as the heard a soft, “awww, yeah...” She recognized that voice! It was Mrs. Harper. Mrs. Harper had been known for staying in the school late, finishing up extra work and organizing. Nia had also overheard that Mrs. Harper would also never use the restroom during school hours. And with that, Nia knew that it was true.

As Mrs. Harper made her way out of the school, with the sound of doors closing behind her, Nia released on crotch with one hand, the other still furiously grasping it, and she slid her phone out from her pocket. 7:59pm. Perfect! Nia slid the phone back in to her pocket, and creeped open the metal door. With one hand still firmly grasping between her legs, she got up, stretched as much as she could, easing some of her stiff joints, and trotted over to the closest PC. She booted up the old piece of junk, and it brought up the loading screen.

“Hurry up!” She said through her clenched teeth, bobbing up and down, one hand tapping on the desk, and the other rubbing up in a fist against her throbbing vagina. Once the computer booted up, she took out a USB stick from her pocket, and stuck it in to one of the ports on the computer. The folder opened up, and she started up a .exe file, loading up a command prompt. One hand was furiously clicking against the keys, and the other squished up against the dam that was holding the Five Great Lakes inside of her bulging bladder. She bit her lip as she typed in the last line of code required to successfully change her school marks, and complete her plan. A finger was pressed between Nia's burning vagina lips, as she knew, that she has another thing to take care of.

She quickly made her way out of the office, opening up the door to a man standing in a professional uniform, a black cap, and a flashlight, pointing straight at the bulge in Nia abdomen. “Stop right there!” The man announced. “The security guards!” Nia thought, “That's what I was forgetting about!” A shot of adrenaline made it's way through Nia's body, as she made a turn around the guard, merely missing his arm as she ducked under it, and she sprinted off down the hall, the guard not to far from her, trailing behind.

Her heart was pounding, her sweat perspirating, and her bladder throbbing. Nia was clenching her muscles with all of her might, keeping back the precious liquid, that required her storage until disposed of properly. The guard was behind her, not extremely far, but not too close either. Nia sprinted left around a corner, and took another left at an intersection, bolting down the hallway. It appeared to be a dead end, but on the left side of the wall, between all of the lockers, there was a room she could hide in. The woman's bathroom.

With her bladder pounding, demanding release, she ignored it's pleads and sprinted into the room, looking back for a split second, spotting the guard at the intersection looking right, the opposite way Nia ran. Nia stopped in the bathroom for a second, examining her surroundings. It was a chilly bathroom, a bit more cool than the rest of the school. There were three stalls, obviously containing toilets. She had rarely ever used this restroom. It was near her first period class, and she had only used it when she had forgotten to use the bathroom at home before she left, and she was dying for a pee by the end of first period, barely making it. Nia scurried, swinging open a stall door, and shutting it behind her.

The stall walls were oddly large, and were placed from ceiling to floor tiles, so she didn't have to worry about anyone spotting her feet inside of the stall. Nia stood there in silence, shallowly breathing, clenching her womanhood with all of her strength, shaking, bobbing, thighs clenched, and slightly bent forward, listening to the ambiance of the halls, as she heard feet running further away from her. She took a second to recollect her thoughts, the adrenaline still coursing through her body, and her bladder pounding. A small drop of golden liquid squeezed it's way through Nia's tightly clenched vagina lips, and she knew exactly what she had to do next.

Nia shakily with one hand, unzipped her shorts, and with all her willpower, releasing her grasp with her other hand, sliding her shorts around her plump bottom, and down her legs. Slightly bent forward, she looked down at her panties, the small dark spot where she had released the slightest quantity of her luxurious pent up golden urine. With her knees at a ninety degree angle, she slithered her panties down her legs, revealing her round bottom, and her vagina lips glimmering with the slightest drop of urine slithering down between the seam. Nia scooted backwards, making sure not to stumble upon her clothes, until she positioned herself above the white porcelain bowl.

Nia sat down onto the rim of the bowl, shaking, her simmering vagina holding back a hurricane. All of her adrenaline and all of her urine, built up in her bladder, flowing around it's exit. Nia's abused urethra ready to release the stored up liquid. Her two vagina lips trembling as Nia finally surrendered to her bladder. In pure ecstasy, Nia moaned as the thick golden torrent spewed outward in an arch, loudly splashing into the toilet water. The pressure was unbelievable, as she unleashed her boiling pent up urine, brewing up inside of her bladder. The stream was thick and steady, loudly clashing with the porcelain bowl, and splashing furiously with the liquid contained. A light cloud of steam arose from between her shaking legs, the warmth of her streaming urine reacting with the cold bathroom air. Nia was breathing heavily, her jaw open, and her brow sweating, as the supersonic stream torrented out of her simmering lips.

The loud splashing of the ferocious stream, echoed off of the bathroom walls, retrieving back to her, for her audible satisfaction, confirming her, that she was indeed, relieving her bursting bladder. Her thick torrent of urine continued to stream from between her legs in to the bowl, for another exquisite minute. Pure ecstasy. Her torrent slowed down into a small stream, making it's way into the toilet water below, adding to it's contents. Nia was still breathing hard.

Amazed that she made it to the toiled without bursting. The stream slowly calmed down to a small trickle, the high pitch sound of a small contents of water, splashing into more water. Her simmering stream had ended, and so had her struggle. Her plan was complete, with a little something she hadn't expected. She leaned her head back, inhaling and exhaling deeply, exhausted from the holding of her bladder. She lightly massaged her lips, almost on the edge of an orgasm, as she reminded herself, that she had to find a way to get back home.

*007*2013-06-30 01:27

{{: 

That was great, felt intense lol. The dream thing was weird

}}

Hah I don't know. xD It was late at night.

