Lightning Dust's Desperation

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-08-23 06:10

I know I said I wouldn't write much anymore, but I couldn't resist doing another desperation story to a pony I find as attractive as any of the Main 6, and in a different way that fits her personality perfectly, especially since I've been portraying her inaccurately in my stories so far.

This is a My Little Pony fanfic. And I'm pretty sure I know who's going to be the first (and possibly one of the only two, once I tell the other about it) to reply and say they loved it.

Lightning Dust's Desperation

Lightning Dust sat in the center of her living room, wearing her skintight black and green flight suit, fidgeting. She had been holding it since she got up this morning, and had had quite a bit to drink, so her bladder was now overflowing. She was experiencing levels of desperation she had never known before.

Finally, Lightning Dust could hear a soft hissing sound, and felt the crotch of her flight suit - which was already damp from leaking earlier - grow warm and wet. After ten seconds, she was sure she was experiencing a full-blown loss of control. She sighed in relief as she emptied her bladder into her flight suit, almost enjoying the warm wetness as a puddle grew around her rump.

As she peed, she looked out the window. The sun was setting. So, she could hold it from sunrise to sunset - under regular circumstances. Even she hadn't expected to hold it that long.

Of course, that wasn't enough for this daredevil. This was only the first test of her limits. Now she wanted to see how long she could hold it during performances.

She scheduled several performances in a row all over Equestria tomorrow.

...

The next day, Lightning Dust woke up with a yawn at the sound of the rooster. She was about to take her morning pee, but remembered. She wanted to see how long she could hold it while performing.

She put on her flight suit, and as she did she noticed a smell of stale urine. She had forgotten to wash it. But, it had dried since yesterday. She just hoped no one would smell it.

She realized there would be a risk of wetting herself in front of all her fans. But she was never one to be cautious. She'd risk a humiliating accident as much as a physical one to test her limits and give the people a good show.

She ate some hay burgers for breakfast and drank a few energy drinks, and then flew over to her first performance, in Cloudsdale.

The dangerous obstacle course was all set up, and Lightning Dust met up with Rolling Thunder and Short Fuse.

"Ready to dominate this obstacle course?" said Lightning Dust.

"Yeah" said Rolling Thunder. She sniffed Lightning Dust. "You smell kinda funny."

Lightning Dust blushed lightly. "Do I? I, uh, was practicing my flight moves a lot, and my flight suit was soaked with sweat. I forgot to wash it."

"Let me see." Short Fuse sniffed her. "AAAAGH! YOU SMELL LIKE PISS!"

"I swear, it's sweat," said Lightning Dust. "Now are we gonna do the show or not?"

As they flew to the start of the obstacle course, Lightning Dust felt her usual need to pee in the morning increase. She grinned, eager to see how far she could get.

The performance began. Lightning Dust flew through the fire, the electrified hoops, the saw blades, and the spiky crushers. Lightning Dust avoided them easily, but the adrenaline of flying this obstacle challenge seemed to increase her need to pee faster than last time. She flew ten laps around the obstacle course. Her flight suit was fireproof, but not waterproof.

Once she was done, she was a little sweaty, and very thirsty. She drank three water bottles, knowing this would further test her ability to hold during performances. Bring it on, she thought.

They flew to Manehattan for their second show. The flight took quite some time, and Lightning Dust flew a bit ahead of her teammates as her bladder was slowly filling up by the minute.

When they reached Manehattan, they each got another bottle of water and drank it after the flight. Then they flew over to the arena where their obstacle course was set up.

Once again Lightning Dust completed her performance without much trouble, to the applause of the crowd. It was now an hour after she had woken up.

After drinking more water, Lightning Dust and her team flew just south to Fillydelphia, and then to Baltimare. Lightning Dust stayed dry - and in one piece - after both performances, but by the end of it she was much more desperate to pee than in Manehattan.

"I gotta go to the bathroom," said Rolling Thunder after downing another water bottle in Baltimare.

"Me too," said Short Fuse, and he ran to the stallions' bathroom.

"Lightning Dust?" said Rolling Thunder. "You had more to drink than I did."

Lightning Dust uncrossed her legs and tried not to fidget. "After you."

Rolling Thunder entered the bathroom. Lightning Dust crossed her legs and fidgeted while she waited. For such talented stunt ponies they sure took a long time to go to the bathroom. She wanted to get to her next performance right away!

After about five minutes, Short Fuse and Rolling Thunder returned.

"Wow, that was fast," said Rolling Thunder to Lightning Dust.

"I'm the fastest pony around, remember?" said Lightning Dust. This was believable enough for her teammates and she was relieved that they didn't express suspicion.

It was about an hour and a half into Lightning Dust's challenge and she was sure she had to pee more badly now than this time yesterday, though of course she hadn't reached her highest levels of desperation yet.

Their next destination was the changeling kingdom. As they flew, Lightning Dust's desperation increased, and she fought hard not to cross her legs during the flight.

Lightning Dust could feel her heart racing faster than usual as she completed the obstacle course. As the changelings cheered, Lightning Dust waved to them, crossing her legs slightly and trying not to show discomfort.

Then they flew across the sea to the Dragon Lands. The waves of water below reminded Lightning Dust of the waves of pee inside her, increasing her discomfort. She hoped she at least wouldn't wet herself before her performance, but again, this wasn't her most desperate, and she was active now. She considered diving into the water to soak her already-damp-with-sweat flight suit and therefore hide any signs of an accident - but it was more fun for her if there was a bigger risk of humiliation to wetting herself, and more motivation to hold it. Besides, they'd see her peeing anyway, and if they only saw her after peeing, it would be hard to see a wet spot on a black flight suit.

They reached the Dragon Lands, where a more brutal-looking obstacle course was in order, although Ember had expressly forbade the dragons from making it unwinnable. At the sight of the obstacle course, Lightning Dust nearly wet herself right there - not out of nervousness or fear, but excitement.

"I love it," said Lightning Dust, for this was her first performance in the Dragon Lands. "I can't wait to shred this course to pieces!"

There were more flames, more spikes, arrows, and a closing spike wall. Lightning Dust looked like she wasn't going to make it through the closing wall. Her heart was beating faster with excitement, and she felt her need to pee increase.

Garble was on the edge of his seat, hoping to see a pony meet her doom. To his disappointment, Lightning Dust barely made it through. Garble booed, but the rest of the dragons were enjoying the show.

By the time the performance was over, Lightning Dust had been holding it for two and a half hours. She was exhausted, but after drinking a lot of soda that the dragons made, she was feeling energetic again. She needed to pee really badly now, between all she had drank and flying the obstacle courses. So far she had been able to hold it, and the only dampness in her outfit was sweat.

Next they flew north to Griffonstone.

"Hey, where are the bathrooms?" said Rolling Thunder, doing the pee dance.

"HURRY UP!" said Short Fuse. "I GOTTA PEE!"

"They're right there," said Grampa Gruff in his usual grouchy voice, pointing to a few outhouses side by side.

Rolling Thunder and Short Fuse ran into the outhouses. Lightning Dust waited for them once again, crossing her legs and unable to keep herself from fidgeting.

"Aren't you gonna go to the bathroom too?" said Gruff.

"I can hold it," said Lightning Dust. Gruff shrugged and walked to the arena.

Once Rolling Thunder and Short Fuse came out, they and Lightning Dust flew to the arena. The obstacle course wasn't as elaborate as the pony obstacle courses, but they still flew ten laps around them. The griffons didn't seem all that entertained, but they seemed to enjoy this to some degree.

It was now three hours into Lightning Dust's holding challenge as she and her team began a long flight west to Appleoosa. Lightning Dust crossed her legs as she flew. She really needed to go, and the pressure in her bladder was only increasing.

It took about half an hour to reach Appleoosa. They drank a lot of water, and then did their obstacle course, which was just like those she had flown before the Dragon Lands. Lightning Dust flew through the obstacles faster than before due to her need to pee, but so far she had stayed dry. Except for sweat.

"Wanna fly through Ghastly Gorge on our way to Los Pegasus?" said Lightning Dust.

"Yeah!" said Rolling Thunder and Short Fuse.

So they flew through Ghastly Gorge, dodging rockslides and eels. Lightning Dust felt the intense pressure increase, and barely resisted crossing her legs for the flight.

After they performed in Los Pegasus, they flew to Canterlot, which was as long a flight as from Cloudsdale to Manehattan. Lightning Dust moaned in discomfort several times during the flight. She was much more desperate now than she was this time yesterday.

When they reached Canterlot, they stopped at a restaurant, as they were hungry from all their performances and got some lunch. Rolling Thunder and Short Fuse also used the bathroom again. They looked at Lightning Dust a little funny when they came back, as she was sitting with her legs crossed and fidgeting with a pained expression on her face.

"Why didn't you use the bathroom?" said Rolling Thunder.

"And don't try to say you did," said Short Fuse.

"I'm testing my limits to see how long I can hold it during performances!" Lightning Dust said a little loud due to her desperation, which also kept her from thinking of an excuse.

"I kinda like that," said Rolling Thunder.

"But I'm not doing it," said Short Fuse. "NO WAY!"

Once they were done eating, about four hours into Lightning Dust's hold, they made their way to the arena. Princess Celestia was in the audience. Lightning Dust felt further motivation to not wet herself in front of a princess.

They flew their obstacle course the same way as before, except when Lightning Dust narrowly avoided being hit on the third lap, she leaked a little, dampening her flight suit. But she held the rest of it in for the remainder of the course.

Then they flew to the Crystal Empire. The flight through the Arctic North was cold, and made it harder for the desperate pegasus to hold it, especially with how damp she was already. Once they entered the Crystal Empire, it was warmer.

Lightning Dust leaked twice during two close calls in her performance here, and to make matters worse, their next performance was in Yakyakistan. The wet spot on Lightning Dust's flight suit was cold during her performance - though it warmed up a little during a five-second leak when she nearly got her wing clipped by saw blades.

Next was something that Rainbow Dash would have regretted if it was her, but was a more exciting challenge to Lightning Dust that she was ready to take on. Their next performance was on Mount Aris, which was on the opposite side of the map as Yakyakistan.

As they flew, Lightning Dust felt herself become more and more desperate. She crossed her legs and fidgeted as she flew, and she could feel the pee sloshing around inside her. She leaked five times during the flight, but still didn't lose control entirely.

It took an hour to reach Mount Aris. This was roughly five and a half hours into Lightning Dust's hold.

Rolling Thunder and Short Fuse were looking almost as desperate as her when they finally arrived, but she knew they couldn't have to go NEARLY as bad as her. Once they'd used the bathroom, they flew through the obstacle course. Lightning Dust was dribbling the entire time, but stopped once they'd finished. The Hippogriffs loved it.

No one could tell how wet her flight suit had gotten. And there was one more performance left - Ponyville. As they flew to Ponyville, Lightning Dust felt like she was about to burst.

The flight took 40 minutes, during which Lightning Dust leaked some more. When they arrived, Lightning Dust bumped into Rainbow Dash and nearly lost it.

"Lightning Dust," said Rainbow Dash.

"Rainbow Dash," said Lightning Dust. "I still have some time before my performance. Wanna race? Five laps around Ponyville."

"You got it!"

As they flew around Ponyville, Lightning Dust became more desperate, and leaked some more. Flying faster from her desperation, Lightning Dust won.

"I lost!" said Rainbow Dash.

"Ha!" said Lightning Dust. Another leak caused her to cross her legs and pee dance.

Rainbow Dash chuckled. "You'd better get to a bathroom before you wet yourself. More than you already have, I mean."

Lightning Dust blushed as Rainbow Dash flew away. She had a feeling Rainbow Dash wouldn't let her forget this, and that this canceled out losing a race to her. Then she and her team flew to the Ponyville arena, after drinking more water. Lightning Dust leaked a little as she got to the obstacle course. She felt as desperate as she had at sunset yesterday. She knew she was about to burst. She decided that after this performance she'd fly through Ghastly Gorge until she wet herself.

As they took off, Lightning Dust clipped her wing on an electric hoop. She leaked a little at this, but held it through half the course.

Then, as she was flying through the saw blades, she felt another leak. This one wouldn't stop. It soon became a powerful stream, and she left a trail of urine as she flew through the remainder of the obstacle course. Lightning Dust was peeing her flight suit like a race horse in front of almost all the ponies of Ponyville. She could hear Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie laughing in the audience and blushed, but kept flying the obstacle course as though nothing was happening.

She peed for just under three minutes, soaking the crotch and legs of her flight suit. She was still peeing when she finished the obstacle course.

"And another daring performance by Lightning Dust!" said the announcer. "And now she might want to change her flight suit."

The audience laughed, and Lightning Dust blushed.

Once she got over the humiliation of her accident, she realized she had held it for about six and a half hours. Now she knew her limit.

But next week, she wanted to see if she could break her record.

*003*2018-08-23 19:00

My prediction comes true.

Thanks for enjoying my story as usual

*005*2018-08-24 17:22

{{11 hours ago, cwmaness said:

Keep your spirits high Wolf, you are a great writer ^_^

}}

Not a lot of people think so, but thank you.

*007*2018-08-25 07:23

I guess people on this site don't expect quality to be super-high, like even people with the same fetishes on fimfiction do. But there are a few people there who like my stories too, and come to think of it it's been a while since I got a "low-quality" complaint. The closest I got recently was saying my Silverstream story was "a little rushed, but good." Maybe there is some truth to what you're saying.

*008*2018-08-27 16:22

{{On 8/25/2018 at 1:23 AM, The Dark Wolf said:

I guess people on this site don't expect quality to be super-high, like even people with the same fetishes on fimfiction do. But there are a few people there who like my stories too, and come to think of it it's been a while since I got a "low-quality" complaint. The closest I got recently was saying my Silverstream story was "a little rushed, but good." Maybe there is some truth to what you're saying.

}}

No there isn't. I got confident enough to write another story on fimfiction and it was criticized for low quality by someone with the same fetishes. So, you won't see any more stories from me. Not ever.

*012*2018-08-30 07:17

{{1 hour ago, cwmaness said:

Your new story was great. Just seems fimfiction isn't the place for it. Everyone is toxic and awful over there :(. But we aren't here. I would honestly love to read more of your stories. That is your choice of course.....but we accept and love your works here. You put effort and detail into what you write, i appreciate and love that. Please dont lose hope wolfie.

Sorry i was a little late on replying

Also sorry if you dont like wolfie. Dont know why i didnt just say wolf

}}

Thanks, and you can call me that if you want. But not everyone there is like that, there are a few people there who like them and try to be supportive of me, just the majority of people on that site with the fetishes think I'm a terrible writer.

{{1 hour ago, RedFish3000 said:

Your stories are appreciated here. Perhaps only posting them here might be an option? Whatever you choose, I want you to know that I've enjoyed your stories very much. It might not mean much, but reading your stories back in fimfiction and talking with you played an important part in me finally being able to feel more comfortable with my fetish, which ultimately led me to join this community. I really enjoy your stories, and other users here enjoy them too.

}}

Well, some of my stories are about different fetishes, and even the ones that combine them and omo (like the recently criticized one) might detract from the omo here. One of said fetishes is messing, which at least is allowed here as long as it's softcore, but I'm not sure where the line is in which messing is too hardcore for here. Another is farting, which could put some people off who don't have the fetish and find it disgusting. Stories that are just or mostly omo, could go here.

And it does mean a lot to me. It makes me feel a bit better to know I had that kind of positive impact on someone.

Although, only three users here (you, @Melificentfan

, and @cwmaness

) enjoy them.

*013*2018-08-30 07:24

@cwmaness

If you'd like to read more, here's five of them in one:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/40891-the-pony-omorashi-collection/?do=embed"

With all the Main 6 except Applejack, I don't fetishize pony Applejack, but I do for EqG Applejack.

