With a little help from our friends (Part 1: Almost Made It)

Author: themerger

*000*2014-12-20 01:35

Part 1:

Jenna sat languidly on her red couch, pausing from reading her book long enough to take a steaming sip of jasmine tea from her earthenware mug. Before returning to the text, she took a moment to appreciate the appearance of her cozy living room, privy to abundant natural light; awash in the cloud-strained sunlight of mid-December, the decor that lined the stucco walls, consisting mostly of mementos from trips abroad, took on a cool aspect that made her feel even warmer as she noted the bare branches of the trees outside, swaying freely in the afternoon.

Her domestic tranquility was interrupted as she heard a car door slam from the street two stories below. She looked out the window and saw her roommate Vera approaching the front of the apartment building. Jenna remarked how composed and self-possessed Vera looked in her long, wool trench coat that she wore zipped up, covering her body clad in professional attire: a white blouse and brown vest, slim-fitting khaki pants and black, closed-toe high heels.

"Damn", Jenna thought, "she's killin' it in that outfit. Her boobs look so good in that vest, and I know she's glad she borrowed my khakis; they make everyone's ass look awesome!" Jenna had always been a warm, vivacious support to Vera, whose intelligence and grace were complemented by a certain frigidity. "A Master's degree, dynamic personality AND a great look? Vera nailed that interview."

Suddenly Jenna felt an acute signal from her bladder. She had been so preoccupied with her book and her musings that she neglected to consider that her bladder may have filled since pouring her second cup of tea.

"Wooo...goes right through me every time" Jenna thought, rising from the couch and setting the blanket aside.

Before Jenna could reach the bathroom, Vera burst through the front door, red in the face from more than just windburn. Taken aback Jenna said excitedly: "Hey girl! How'd it go?"

Vera turned and silently shut the door. Looking Jenna square in the face, Vera began to unzip her trench coat. Jenna followed the zipper with her eyes until it passed her waist, and put her hands to her mouth. She stood aghast as she saw her khakis, soaked and clinging to Vera's slender legs. The wetness spread from her pelvis down both legs, nearly covering both her thighs, and ended at her ankles. The smell of urine was unmistakable.

"You pissed yourself?!" Jenna said, wildly cackling and smacking the front of her thighs as she doubled over with laughter.

"YES I couldn't help it. This woman may as well have sat on my bladder!" Vera said defensively, striding with conviction past Jenna.

Forgetting her own desperation in the fit of laughter, a long spurt of pee escaped into Jenna's grey yoga pants. Not having any panties on to catch the stream it immediately showed up on her crotch and formed a minute puddle on the floor.

Jenna called to Vera still laughing: "Oh my god! *laugh* You just made me pee! *laugh* *laugh* I'll clean that up. *Laugh* Hold on!"

Jenna dashed into the bathroom but each burst of laughter weakened her bladder. She began squirting uncontrollably onto the tile floor with every step she took towards the toilet, fueling her laughter which pushed the piss out of her more and more. All Jenna could do was bend over the toilet and clutch the top of the lid as she laughed and unwittingly soaked herself. Urine poured down both of her legs and she could feel micro-streams coursing between her toes as a massive puddle formed at her feet.

Even as her laughter sputtered to a stop, Jenna's bladder still sent strong staccato streams down her legs. With pants soaked completely around her legs, standing in her light-yellow puddle, she reached for a bath towel. She left wet footprints as she maneuvered around her mess to clean it, surprised that her bladder could contain so much.

"Vera" she called protractedly. "Veerra!"

"What?" Vera called back

"Come here" Jenna ordered amiably

Vera came to the bathroom doorway and slowly cast her face downwards, closed her eyes and began to laugh silently. Her shoulders gently oscillated as she turned out of the doorway and laughed to herself. This threw Jenna into another giggle fit, causing her to lose balance in her squatting position she was in to clean the floor and sit right in her puddle. With her back to Jenna Vera threw her head back and howled with laughter.

They both laughed for 5 minutes as Jenna tried fruitlessly to clean the bathroom floor. Finally Jenna said with a smile:

"You know you need to buy me new khakis, right?" to which Vera responded "I'm getting us both a glass of wine and telling you what happened to ME today."

(To be continued in Part 2: A Wet Interview)

