A Wet Rocket Launch

Author: Tailsuser

*000*2018-02-25 02:04

Hello there. This is my first story I have ever posted here. It might not be really good. Warning: This contains a little bit of swearing. Some side notes: The story is fully fictional. The ranks of the astronauts are some of which are usually given on the space shuttle missions, I am not sure if they are also used on the missions launching on a sojus. The preparation in this text is just how I imagine it could happen, maybe somebody here knows the details a bit better, I would love to hear some ideas for improvements. There is in fact a project where there are veggies being grown on the ISS, but the first ones will be sent back to earth for analysis, in future they could in fact eat their own self grown vegetables, but I have not heard of salad. Probably Sarah would not be at her house before this rocket launch, they usually have a city where they live and problems like those here are not very likely to happen.

This is the first of probably some stories about a woman flying into space and desperating in some special situations. I would classify this as Omorashi, but also as Omotsu. Right now there are no sexual actions planned. Have fun reading.

The clock rings. She wakes up. She is feeling something wet and around her crotch she sees a big, yellow puddle in the white bed sheets. She has already accustomed to this, this has becoming normality for quite some time now, but she does not want to use diapers, as many other people she sees this as a humiliation. She mumbles a swear. “God damn it.” It takes some time until she realizes she could not even clean the mess up. It has to wait. Hopefully somebody will clean this up when she is away. Maybe having worn a diaper would have been better, after all. But she will have enough time with diapers in near future, today is the day she will begin her journey to the ISS. Reading the New York times she is eating her breakfast. On the 7th site there is an article where they wrote about her mission.

“Robin Turner, Sarah Bond, Lisa Russel first to eat space grown veggies”. NASA did an experiment where astronauts grew veggies and salad on the ISS, sent it back to earth to have it analyzed whether people should eat this or not. It turned out that these plants are very much eatable, and the three are the first ones to do a long term test during their entire mission. Robin is her best friend and the crew commander, whereas she is the flight engineer and Lisa is the pilot.

Sarah laughs. They are still using those old Soyuz rockets to reach the ISS, but eat “space veggies” as they called it in the newspaper. After twenty minutes of reading she stands up and brushes her teeth. She grabs her suitcase, drives away. But in her excitement she has forgotten to use the toilet. Unfortunately at the time she will become aware of this, she does not have the time to drive home, because if she gets into a traffic jam Sarah will not fly to the space station, which is the reason for her not to going back.

Sarah lives in Lakes Charles, according to her satnav it takes about two hours to get to the Johnson Space Center in Houston. Bad luck, there is in fact some traffic jam. And having not the biggest her bladder it starts to hurt tough not having drunk much yet. After three hours of driving she arrived at the destination and heads to the launch preparation center. Robin and Lisa are already here. Robin, who is of course excited, too, hugs her. He and Sarah know each other since university. Some time later, she drinks some water and then she starts suiting up. They have their launch gate in three hours from now, concentrating on not forgetting any important devices she does not notice her pee bulge which has grown and she should really pee now.

Standing naked in front of the mirror she looks at herself and feels distressing that this nice body will be losing some of its appeal after this mission. The reason for this is that up there she will need much less force to move herself. But for now this is not a problem to solve. When Sarah looks into the mirror she sees circa 1.70 meters tall, woman with brown curly hair and a light skin color. Her breasts are lighter than the rest of her skin and although they look pretty large and full, her back is a bit smaller than the regulated reader would think.

Now she has to do what she always tried pushed away. As every astronaut, Sarah needs to put on a nappy on space walks, also known as EVAs, and rocket launches. NASA has their own special nappies with a their logo on the front, but a nappy is a nappy and nothing she wants to wear, even more on the basis of her increased accidents. But looking at herself she thinks she looks even better in this diaper, it is emphasizing her beautiful butt and lining it to a bit more voluminous shape. It also feels very nice and snuggles against her plain skin. Maybe this is not as bad as she thought it is, she even tends to like them. She would never admit this, though. I mean, what kind of grown woman would like to wear nappies? Anyway, Sarah needs to go on, now putting on her orange space suit.

The elevator is screeching. The rocket is even bigger than what she expected and she can hear the wind going over the frost on the rocket and some coldness is coming from it which does actually feel very good against the hot weather today. The Soyuz rocket is has got four boosters, a second and a third stage, on top of it there is the Soyuz spacecraft in which they are going to rendezvous with the international space station. The rocket is circa 46 meters high and has a diameter of 10 meters at the bottom. The elevator is fairly slow and it takes some time until the three astronauts are at the height of the capsule. Now its 30 minutes until takeoff, and Sarah now feels the pain againt which makes her want to use the toilet, but she can not go back, even if she wanted to, she would not get back into positon in time, she tries to hold it even longer.

Finally they have reached the top of the rocket, enter the capsule and let themselves being tightened up in the seat. Unfortunately the belt is pushing on Sarah's bladder which makes some extra pressure and for her very uncomfortable to sit still. Another man comes in and brings tablets on which they can say goodbye to their friends and family. Robins and Sarah's have all come to watch the launch and they talk together to them, they are having some great moments, but Sarah could not enjoy it as much as she would have without her urge to pee. As far as the two can tell Lisa’s people did also come, but they do not know them. Fifteen minutes later they stop the conversations over the tablets; the man who brought them goes and takes the devices with him.

As time elapses Sarah gets more and more uncomfortable. She remembers that she is wearing a diaper, so in theory she just could let it go. This would end her desperation but result in her wetting herself again what she would not quite appreciate. The seat belt is still pushing against her bladder and it is hurting very much now. Sometimes she is frightened that she is wetting herself, but she noticed very fast that her diaper is still dry as ever. She starts crossing her legs as far as she can, which unfortunately is not much in this kind of clothing. But maybe just letting go might be a good idea. But what would the other persons say if they noticed her wet diaper? She realizes that it is still three more minutes until launch.

One minute before launch she starts to put her right hand into her crotch, but she feels that she starts to leak a bit. She is uncrossing her legs, but in the laying position this is not very easy. There are serveral warm waves coming out of her which are staining her diaper yellow at the area where her pussy meets the soft absorbent white material of her diaper.

Then she is hearing the countdown: “ten… nine… eight… seven… six…”, a short leak goes into the diaper, Sarah crosses her legs again, “five… four… three… two… ” At “two” the rocket starts vibrating very much, after this she hears “one… launch!”. The rocket is now vibrating and accelerating strongly. This is the moment everything is vibrating far too much and the pressure on the bladder has increased since the rocket pushes underneath her. Her bladder is doing the final push, she tries to hold it all back in, but feels the fluids spreading warmth around her private parts and soaking her diaper.

Now she gives in completely. She is peeing full force wetting herself. An almost orgasmic feeling overcomes her in the moment of the sweet relief of the salty pee entering her nappy. The warmth is spreading from the front down to the back and up to the top now making the whole diaper warm and yellow. She even thought whether she heard some hissing, but it is safe to suppose that what she hered were the rocket engines turning more fuel to water than she could ever pee in her entire life.

After she has finished wetting she realized that she is already 500 meters over the ground. The pictures she sees filmed by the cameras outside the rocket look stunning and she starts feeling better. She is on her way to the ISS now.

Thank you for reading this, I hope you enjoyed it. I am more of a technically versed man, adding to the fact, that I am not a mother-speaker, for me this was the first time doing something like this. I’d like to have some feedback on how you liked the setting of the rocket launch, some improvements to the language or just other things. I wrote on this three days.

*006*2018-03-27 21:20

So, thats the second part of my story. Today I am focusing on more correctness in speech and language, which does not mean avoiding swears, so keep this in mind please, I would like to keep this story authentic. I hope the polishing worked, I spend some time doing it, I am not the best English speaker, though. Also thank you for your feedback, I found out that I cannot edit my old post – if there is a way: Please tell me, but I will try to keep it correct in future. Oh, and this whole micro-gravity water spreading thing is not necessarily correct. Water behaves very strange with no force acting on it. I saw some YouTube Videos, thats what I came up with. I hope you enjoy this, though. Have fun!

Wetter is better. - Microgravity

The vibration dies away. The sight gets better. The crew is approaching the height of clouds. Sarah is looking at the screen. Now she recognizes the rocket starting to turn around. 30 seconds later the four side boosters are separated. Now just the second stage is burning. Sarah has completely fallen into her excitement about her mission and how it started. Now she feels her diaper being in fact very wet and also warm, which she enjoys, she is being thrust into the warm dampness and softness. The force the astronauts are experiencing is constantly increasing until it hits the strength of four times earths gravity. If Sarah hadn’t lost control over her bladder at t minus zero, as they call it when they start, now she would definitely have.

What Sarah doesn’t recognize is that during this phase the escape tower is disabled. A short time later the launch shroud is being removed, Sarah, Robin and Lisa can see the earth and sunlight now, after some time the third stage also lights up and shortly after it is being separated from the second one. This maneuver is called hot staging and makes the separation easier, due to the next stage already slowing the prior down and pushing it away, so they save some pyrotechnics by doing this.

Now their capsule almost exclusively speeds up in a vertical direction achieving a stable orbit around our beautiful water-blue planet. Another four minutes later the last stage is burned up, the three now go from a rapid accelerating to micro-gravity, stage separation occurs, everything floats in space and the passengers smile, solar panels and antennas are being deployed. Though having already experienced this in some training flights she is not very familiar to the feeling, but now she will have about ten months to accustom to this.

The three unfasten their seat belts, being able to move more free than during the acceleration. They put off their helmets. Right now everything is really quiet, the only sounds the astronauts are able to hear are some metal clicking noises which is caused by the hot engine. Usually the three also hear radio signals from earth, but those are silent right now.

Robin starts the conversation: “Oh man, that was great, so much acceleration!” Lisa, a bit smaller than average replies that she did not like it that much, mostly because she also needed to go. After freeing herself from the seat belts, she pushed herself away from the walls and flies up to the toilet, or whatever you want to call this direction.

Sarah does not say anything, she is both excited and disappointed at the same time realizing that she is now in space wearing a full diaper. That did not quite match her expectations.

Robin asks Sarah whether she has enjoyed the flight, having not said a word yet, she responded, “Weeeeeeeell, actually it was quite cool, but now we are in a tin can full of explosives and falling around the earth, not hitting it and all this”, she points with the finger around her, “ is made by the manufacturer who sold it to us for the lowest price. This does not quite feel right.” He replies evasively: “It is a bit strange to be up there reaching our goal after all the hard and long training, isn’t it?”

Lisa comes back from the toilet, or at least that what should be a toilet, it reminds more of a vacuum cleaner. Showing off a diaper in her right hand: “Look at that! Still completely white and clean! Glad I don’t have to wear this thing anymore.” During the whole flight Lisa is theoretically supposed to wear a some protection. Knowing that, Robin ask suspicious: “I don’t believe you, where is the other nappy? You are supposed to wear one.” Lisa pulls down the zipper of her overall, letting both look at a yellow stained diaper.

“A good thing we have those, ain’t it? That has been my toilet.” She grins. ”When we are over Russia I have to tell you something, remind me please when we are there.” Russia is the only part of the world where the Spacecraft is neither able recieve NASAs signals nor to send signals, mostly because USA does not have antennas listening and sending over Russia. Robin laughs: “4G are too much for the strongest human. Maybe we should sell these: ‘Used diapers from space’, worth a million dollars.” Sarah listens, wondering whether she is the only one feeling awkward talking about this topic.

Sarah also looks up to the toilet. The Craft consists of three parts: The descent module, the orbital module and the service module. The first two are habitable. Sarah has not had the time to inspect their spacecraft yet, now she has time to do so. Theoretically, she knows what she needs to expect, it is the first spacecraft she is actually flying with, though. “Holy moly, this thing is completely mechanical, but it is flying nonetheless...” The Soyuz family contains the most reliable vessels you can get right now and it has completely zero computers controlling it. As every ship of this kind it is very small. But it is no problem for Sarah who is not very tall, even for a woman.

Being next to the toilet a crazy idea comes to her mind. She spreads herself in the room and unwinds. Her diaper is still very warm and feels comfortable. Then she relaxes every muscle and is completely letting herself go, floating. She can hear a little hissing and she feels her hot yellow pee spreading between her legs. Without gravity pee does not fall down and soak itself into the diaper, so the bubble grows bigger and bigger until it hits the inside of her soaked protection. The capillary attraction does it’s job and pulls the water through the fleece into the soft and already yellowish cotton wool around her pussy and then also soaks itself up to her ass and at the front up almost to the belly button. For a moment she is experiencing complete wetness around her lower parts, then her pee stream decreases, leaving Sarah with a warm and soggy diaper all around her erogenous zone.

She puts the left hand onto her back and the other hand on the top to press a bit pee out of the diaper which is doing caressing to her body like soft silk. The woman pulls up her trousers putting pressure on her diaper, it shapes itself around her silhouette, humidifying her skin. This feels very pleasing. Wearing her white space suite above she does not have to fear her mates noticing the guilty pleasure. Sarah starts rubbing her pussy in the nappy, which makes her really horny. She uses one finger and pushes deeper into her vulva, giving it to herself. 30 seconds later she bends herself over witnessing her stunning first diaper orgasm. She keeps floating in space for two minutes, rethinking what she has experienced right now, then she heads back to the descend module.

Thank you for reading this, I hope you enjoyed it. I am more of a technically versed man, adding to the fact, that I am not a mother-speaker, for me this was the second time doing some writing, even in my mother language this is something I have not done very often. As last time I also very appreciate feedback from you. I wrote on this for several weeks, adding some parts from time to time.

