A night of stormy secrets

Author: TopCat31

*000*2023-08-31 06:46

Emma awoke with a slight jump, her nightmare had finally reached it's conclusion with her being eaten by the monster. Regaining her senses she breathed deeply observing it was still very dark, the wind and rain hammering on the windows and howling outside.

Tim was staying the night, in the spare bedroom, en route to some work thing further north. Feeling slightly afraid coz of the storm she reached under her pillow and messaged him a question mark and scared face. Almost immediately a reply came back with a cat, scared face and a hug emojis.

Swallowing her fear she slipped out of bed and made her way to the spare room, instinctively trying to keep quiet, though not sure why. Once at the door she took a moment to straighten herself up and wondered if she should have changed out of her Barbie PJ's.

Just then a flash of light filled the flat swiftly followed by a crack and loud rumble of thunder, causing Emma to jump and squeak. Opening the door, slowly as to not cause alarm, she stepped in and whisper shouted "hay, how are you?" as she pulled the covers back and slid in next to Tim.

They had known each other all their lives, their parents being very close, the families had practically grown up together. As Tim and Emma had gotten older they realised it was different between them, there was a pull towards each other and fierce drive to protect one another. They had never been physically intimate, beyond cuddles and hand holding, they weren't guarded once alone, Tim's sister Grace described it as magical.

As they embraced each other Emma found Tim was only sleeping in a pair of briefs. Realising Emma was in full length PJs Tim answered "a little scared, I hate lightning" addressing his attire "shall I put a top on or something?" Emma pulled him closer, her hands on his bottom and gently rubbing their noses together "no no, I'll strip down"

With a smile rolled away pulling off her top, dumping it on the floor beside the bed, swiftly followed by her bottoms. Rolling back together they shared a nervous giggle. Emma half wrapped her leg around him and was gently stroking his back. Tim was gently tracing the curve of her bum back and forth with his thumb.

They took a moment to just look into each others eyes, as if having a silent conversation. Emma was surprisingly relaxed, the same could not be said for Tim, she could feel his heart pounding. Emma asked "That me making you nervous?" smiling in an attempt to reassure him. Tim smiled back "just abit new, so not sure what/how to be. And umm, well last time we cuddled I wet the bed".

Emma brushed their noses together feeling her heart melt "I recall we all wet the bed that night, even Grace" causing them to snigger "No need to do anything, just be you, and close" Emma paused thinking for a moment, looking into his eyes, whispered "I don't care if you have an accident, I have them too, the bed's protected so truly don't worry"

Tim's heart showed no sign of relaxing but he smiled at her genuine concern "I've never ever done anything and you're you, I, well I feel pretty strongly about you and don't want to ruin anything" Emma was partly distracted by the idea of them both peeing the bed she missed some of Tim's opening up.

She smiled "it's ok, I've never been with anyone either, we don't have to do anything except talk and cuddle. You won't ruin anything, you could hit me with a brick and I couldn't be mad at you, I might hit you back mind. I love you an awful lot, theres no pressure or anything" Emma's eyes widened realising she'd just said all that out loud but she was now rather excited.

Tim smiled, touching their foreheads together whispered back "I love you too. Talking sounds good, first things first" he paused and Emma pulled away nervous "were they Barbie PJ's?" Emma sighed and said "yeah they are" as they both giggled. She asked how about yours, flicking the leg band of his briefs "power rangers" Tim replied causing more giggles.

Slightly more serious Emma states "shaved or hairy? As in you, not preference" Tim looked at her playfully "shaved, definitely", Emma continues smirking at the answer "Me too. Do you hang left or right?" Tim scrunches up his face with embarrassment "left" he admits. "My turn, my turn" Tim interrupting "which boob is bigger left or right?" Emma poked her tongue out slightly "left"

Tim carries on "anything drive you wild?" they settle down abit more serious and sensitive to the topic. Emma pulls closer "don't judge but peeing... and a couple of very ticklish spots. How about you?" Tim brushed her nose "no judge, underwear, just find it fascinating"

Emma rolled on top of Tim pressing there bodies together "are you a grower and how big?" Tim turns bright red "yeah and don't know exactly but I'd say modest size" Emma rolled her hips playfully. Tim placed his hands on her sides holding her sternly says "Em, please, don't" Seeing his seriousness the smile fell from Emma's face and she huddled back in asking "do you not like me?" she was puzzled by his reluctance and couldn't feel any lumps or bumps she'd expect with their bodies being that close.

Tim kinda both shook and nodded his head, tears forming in his eyes whispered "I love you to bits, it's just... No-one knows this, should have told you way before, I'm very much... Oohff... I only find guys attractive" Emma was stunned, her mind just stopped. Tim nervously carried on "there, now you know, that's my big secret. I've never acted on it or anything but I just prefer guys physically"

Emma put a finger over his mouth to stop talking before saying "it's ok, I'm not mad, or moving. Just need to understand abit better. You love me but not physically attractive?" Tim smiled slightly at how silly his emotions sounded "yeah, I'm drawn to you, like no-one else, but my body just doesn't react to girls. But I cannot imagine being with or caring for anyone in the same way"

Emma smiled and brushed their noses together, the tears in Tim's eyes disappearing, her heart melting from his genuine feelings for her. She said "I think I partially understand, I don't like anyone in that way, just you, as in only you. But I can get excited by girls and guys, I don't want to be with them, they're just appealing in that moment. Just for you it's only with guys."

Tim thought for a moment before saying "that sounds about right, yeah. Don't hate me, last thing I want is to loose you. You're beautiful so please don't think it's you" Emma interrupted him "hay hay, ssshhh now. I'm not mad and your not loosing me. Just might have to be a bit creative is all" a twinkle appeared in her eye.

Whispering "just thinking out loud here but... well, what if, I cut my hair short and wore a man's shirt and underwear. Your sister has said I could pass for a boy at a glance with short hair, given my lack of curves." Emma noticed Tim trying to picture it in his mind but still didn't detect any movement. She continued "could turn around and pretend I'm a guy if it's that" Emma smiled as she felt something press against her pulling their bodies tighter.

Tim gasped a little trying to hide his face "I'd never ask you to do that. Couldn't possibly expect that of you" Emma interrupts him "it's kinda working though. And you're not asking, I'm offering. Besides, I've got a deep secret too" Emma pulls away bit more excited than nervous "Every now and then I kinda like to put a strap-on under my clothes for the day, I call it a 'boy day'. So I've already got the men's underwear" She hid her face "would that work for you" already knowing the answer.

Tim was now raging hard at hearing this ready to explode "Em, that's, wow, seriously hot! You're a real wild card" he pulled them together and they kissed. Just then a huge crack of lightning sounded and blinding light filled the room. They broke apart Emma squeaked and hid under the covers, Tim curled up and clung tightly onto her, eyes shut tight.

Another crack and flash followed causing them both to jump, the rain thundered down harder on the roof. Emma had accidentally let out a spurt of pee, she could feel a drip running down her thigh. She'd neglected her bladder with the excitement of sharing secrets, now it had sensed relief it was pushing for more.

Tim had his arms wrapped around her, and was trembling. She pulled him up wrapping an arm under him bum as if she were carrying a child. Whispering in his ear "it's ok to be frightened. But you're safe, it's just rain and lightning, nothing can hurt you. Anymore secrets for me? I've got a few silly ones"

Tim looked up into her eyes, shutting them tightly as another flash filled the room. He said "I'm circumcised and always wear briefs" Emma giggled "I wouldn't know the difference. I actually prefer briefs and if they're all like power rangers, that's cute and sexy" Tim asks "what's yours, then you better explain your like of peeing"

Emma felt a little damp against her hip, wondering if it was pee or something else but swore it wasn't there before. As the room filled with light and another crack she pulled Tim closer sensing him tremble, saying "well my boobs are small enough that I don't need a bra, I wear kids training bras to cover my nipples. And my other one. Sometimes if I'm in water or have my hands or feet in water, I can't always tell if I'm peeing or not."

Tim chuckles "Grace already told me the bra thing and I thought it was cute. That water thing is kinda cute too, so is like when you're swimming, in the shower?" Another crack of lightning sounded causing them to jump, Emma could sware her hip felt wetter and carefully let out abit from her now aching bladder.

Replying she said "I'm gonna kill that sister of yours. Nodding and bath or if I get really wet from rain, washing up makes me go too sometimes. I literally have no idea until I'm already going. I kinda enjoy it though, peeing in places I shouldn't or wetting myself is fun to me. With that she could no longer ignore her bladder and stared gently peeing, feeling it pool between her legs, running under her bum before being absorbed by the bed pad she has on both the beds.

To be continued... again, sorry it's taking so long to finish.

