The Big Retail Leak

Author: The Shark

*000*2017-12-17 05:10

Jen sighed. She hated her job, especially at this time of the year. She sat in the employee break room of the nation chain Technoleak, an electronics store proud to gush all of its deals onto its customers. She sat in her standard uniform. A pair of tight white pants with a black belt, a blue button up shirt (tucked in of course), and a pair of black heels. Underneath she wore a sexy blue lace bra and thong set. Jen had worked at this electronic store for years and wished she could just get out and continue with her bachelor’s degree. Alas, there she sat, sipping on her second coke of her fifteen-minute break, ticking down the time till she had to go back on the sales floor. She was working on commission, so every sale she made got her closer to her goal of going back to college. Being the twenty-one-year-old, tall, sexy girl, she was, it wasn’t hard to make good sales.

She walked over to the sink in the break room and washed her hands, freshened up her face, and pulled her brown hair back into a pony tail. As she finished freshening up, her phones alarm went off, signaling her break had ended. Just as she stopped the alarm she felt a different feeling other than the dread of going back on the sales floor. “Fuck. I forgot to pee” she thought. Jen had needed to pee since before her break after consuming a few water bottles during her shift. Jen closed her legs tight and started a brisk walk towards the bathroom.

As Jen walked up to the bathroom she saw the door propped open and a wet floor sign in the doorway saying closed for cleaning. “Oh shit” Jen thought, squirming a little in place. She peaked her head into the bathroom and saw the janitor. “Hey… how much longer do you think you’ll be.” Jen murmured. She didn’t want to show her need, but damn did she need to go. Those cokes and water were really starting to fill her up. “Oh, just a little while longer” The old man said scuttling about. Jen sighed. She already was over her break time. She sulked away from the toilets and back to her department.

She walked from buying group to buying group. The place was packed as it was the night before the super bowl. People ranging in old grandpas to sexy hot shot business executives were trying to buy the best TV out there. Jens sexy looks helped her upsell her customers, but she wasn’t having the easiest time focusing on sales as her bladder was filling rapidly. “Fuck… okay one more buying group then I can pee” Jen said to herself, walking up to a mother daughter group.

“Welcome to Technoleak, is there anything I can help w-with today?” Jen said, a little shake in her voice. Her legs trembled as her bladder pulsed a bit stronger than before.

“Why yes. What’s so good about this tv here” The older mother asked. “Well, this TV has a higher refresh rate than most.” Jen said, rattling off her normal specs for the TV. “Ah so… refresh rate… its refreshing? Relieving? Like a good pee ha-ha!” The older woman giggled. She obviously knew nothing about TVs, but the mention of pee really hit Jen again. She casually crossed her legs and pressed them hard together as she explained what refresh rates were. “No, the TV processes information faster and is able to show more fluid video than others. Let me show you.” With that, Jen took a remote and turned the TV they were looking at to the 120hz refresh rate demo. “Oh no…” Jen thought as it turned on.

The demo was of a high-speed waterfall pouring into a canyon. It was slow and dynamic for a few seconds, then it ramped up and splashed away. Another image was of a football player spraying water onto his coach in slow motion. These images made Jens bladder burn with need. She doubled over slightly and bounced in place. “A-as you can s-see its very uh, nice fluid. Its a ve-very smooth pee- I mean picture.” She stammered. She was having a very hard time watching all of this.

“Ohhh okay. Wonderful! Ya know what, ya sold me girly. Ill take one.” The woman beamed with happiness as she saw the TV she was soon to own. Jen breathed a sigh of relief as she walked her customers to her register. As she walked, she glanced to the toilets to see a woman going into it! She gasped in happiness and hurried through the transaction with her customer. “Thank you for shopping with us! Have a great day! The inventory team will bring the TV to your car” Jen said turning away, looking towards the restroom. “Hey, wait” The daughter said. Jen turned and looked at her with a pleading look of “Why are you doing this”.

“Where’s the bathroom here? I’ve kind of needed to go for some time.” The girl asked. “Oh… its uh… Right over there” Jen pointed in the direction of the bathroom and the girl took off. “Fuck… Now I need to wait… can’t just directly follow her into the bathroom…” Jen thought to herself. She leaned against her register, cross legged, waiting for the girl to go into the bathroom. Finally, the girl did, and Jen proceeded to briskly walk to the bathroom herself, passing the other employees demoing the high refresh rate screens with the waterfall demo. Jen moaned slightly and help her belly. “God, I have to gooooo!” She moaned top herself. I chill ran down her spine. “What If I wet myself at work… Oh god that cannot happen! Id never get promoted ever!!! Fuck I need to piss like now!” She thought again before getting to the bathroom door.

Jen approached the bathroom door. She was bouncing with need at this point and knew she didn’t have much time to get in there before her boss noticed she was off the sales floor. Jen went to open the door but noticed it wouldn’t budge. “What the…” she said and tried to open it again. It moved slightly but didn’t fully open. “Omg Becky I didn’t think Id see you here.” Jen heard a voice from inside the door.

“Oh, hey Sharon! Nice to see you. Say, did you see that brown-haired sales girl out there. Whew did it look like she had to pee!” Jen banged on the door. “Hey open up!” she said. “Oh geez. Someone must be trying to get in. Well ya know they can wait. What’s new with you Becky.” The woman on the other end said in a snarky tone. “Oh my god!!!” Jen reeled. This cannot be happening to me she thought. Jen looked around and saw her boss coming onto the sales floor. “Shit… I have to go back… Ill just… have to hold on… fuck me….” Jen sulked away from the bathroom and back to the sales floor, still bursting to pee.

Jen returned to the sales floor, jiggling around, her hands in her pockets trying to alleviate the pressure from her pants on her bladder. She had another hour till her next fifteen-minute break and she had to hold on. If she didn’t… god she didn’t even want to think what would happen to her. She moved from customer group to customer group, her voice wavering, her legs shaking. “God dammit I have to go” She thought checking another customer out with a new TV. It was beginning to get late and the store was getting busier. Granted, more employees were coming to help. This wasn’t helping her bladder as many of the new guys were playing the waterfall demo.

Jen had to endure the splashing and jetting of water as she jiggled up and down trying to hold in her fluids. She glanced at her watch and realized she was about to get her break! “Fuck fuck fuck!” She said under her breath, crossing her legs as she completed her transaction with her client. “T-There you go” She said handing the older gentleman his receipt. His eyes wavered to her big tits as they jiggled with her desperation. Jen quickly turned and rushed to the bathrooms.

Upon arriving she was more that desperate. The thought crept up on her that she might not make it. A counter thought also arose. “I’m a big girl… I… I can hold it.” She thought and opened the bathroom door. She gasped, seeing 3 lines for the 3 stalls in the women’s room. “Oh god…” She moaned, and she got into the shortest line.

Jen stood, agonizingly trying to hold her piss in. She bounced in place. She doubled over. Anything to help relieve a bit of pressure. She kept glancing at her watch. Time was flowing by rapidly fast. Her break would be over soon if this line didn’t move faster. She glanced up. Only two more women in front of her. Her legs were crossed, her hands were in her pockets, she was jiggling up and down desperately. “God, I have to fucking go!!!” She hissed under her breath. Just as she said this her watch went off. “Oh no... Oh god…” She hissed. “Please let me go first! I need to pee!! Really fucking badly p-please!!!” She cried to the women in front. “You think we don’t? We’ve been holding it way longer girl. Try again later” they hissed back. No options. She had to go back out. She sobbed a little as she walked out.

Jen tried to hard to act natural, but her bladder was at the tipping point. She had to piss so damn badly it almost hurt. She saw her boss near her work area and knew she had to look busy. She walked over to her desk and did something she deemed so childish but needed to be done. As she filled out a TV malfunction report (which was completely false) she slipped a hand between her legs as she crossed them. She felt a little bit of relief from having the extra pressure there, and it gave her reassurance she could hold on. But she couldn’t grab her crotch in front of customers. “Dammit… How am I gunna hold this” she said as a pair of customers walked up. “Excuse me, can you show us the 4k televisions?”

Jen was frantic. After showing the couple a few TVs she got passed off to another group, then another group. She was doing a great job in sales but the constant sound of gushing water from the sound bars and the views of waterfalls was destroying her hopes of holding it all in. She was at her absolute breaking point now. She finished up her last sale and glanced at the bathrooms again. “Fuck It. I CANNOT piss myself. I need to go now or Ill have an accident.” She hissed crossing her legs yet again. As the receipt printed Jen froze. She felt a very small squirt fall from her pussy into her lace thong. She glanced down at her crotch and didn’t see anything showing just yet. “Fuck fuck fuck fuck FUCK” is all she was thinking. She handed the customer their receipt and ran to the bathroom. Fuck her boss. She had to pee NOW.

Jen rushed the female bathroom door and collided with it. She gasped as she leaked again into her panties. She grabbed herself with both hands and jiggled in place. The door was locked. “Wha! How! Fuck I can’t!” She said sobbing a little. She could feel the dampness between her legs. Just then she saw the janitor walking up. “Oh, thank god. I really need to get in there! You’re just in ti- “she gasped as she saw him placing an out of order sign on the men’s and women’s room door. “Sorry sweetie. Water main break. Whole city is havin some sort of issue right now.” The janitor said shrugging. “I… I…” Jen said quivering. “Relax. There’s always a bucket in the hallway” the janitor laughed, kicking the bucket next to the bathrooms with his foot and walking away. “Oh fuck… Do…. Do I just… No. I can’t. Ill just go home. I can’t do this!” Jen mumbled to herself and briskly walked towards the exit.

Just as Jen was passing her department her boss stopped her. “Hey you okay? Where do you think you’re going? You have an hour left in your shift” He said sternly. He was a big man and Jen was slightly terrified of him. “I uh. (Fuck) I umm was going to go help in uh. Car electronics! Yeah!” She stammered. She was going to burst soon, and she felt it. But she couldn’t just leave in front of her boss. She sulked away to the car electronics area, another small leak slithering into her panties. She looked down in horror and saw a small wet spot forming on her crotch. It was the size of a half dollar. The worst part? Her pants were becoming slightly see through, showing her blue thong! “Oh no… So… if I wet myself… Everyone will see… Oh god I can’t let that happen.” She hissed to herself.

She briskly walked over to the car radios / electronics section. “Okay. Just walk here out of sight… Then dash to the bathrooms to piss in the bucket. Fuck. I gotta pee. Gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee” Jen said to herself, a hand hovering near her crotch. “Fuck someone’s here. Okay just try and pass them” she murmured. There was two black men standing at the radio area. When they saw the sexy, struggling girl, with her legs tight and her hand gripping her crotch occasionally, they knew they wanted to hold her up for a bit. “Ey yo shawty. Can you help us? We got some questions” They asked the desperate saleswoman. Jen paused. “Fuck… Alright just… help them and then pee.” She thought to herself, gaining some composure and walking over to them.

“What about this one?” The one man said pointing to another radio. “W-Well that one uh.” She tried to rattle off specs, but her desperation was getting to much. She felt another leak travel to her thong. “F-fuck I…” She stuttered. “Girl you okay?” Then men ask, getting harder by the second watching this obviously desperate girl struggle. “I-I’m fine…” She sighed. “Oh shit, these play music? Hold up” The one man pressed a button on the radio and turned on some fine Spanish salsa.

“Oh, shit this my jam!!!” The one man quickly grabbed Jen making her gasp and leak a little more in her thong. She spun her around, dancing quickly with her, tossing her left and right. Jess was stumbling. Her bladder was throbbing. Another leak escaped her, but she refused to give up. She had a big wet patch that could almost be seen from the front now. The man finally finished his little dance and dipped her down. “Tada!” He said. She let out a massive spurt on the last dip and a stream of piss shot down her leg. “Oh, shit girl you pissin? Fuck we’ll buy the radio for your troubles.” The men said together. “T-Thank y-ou,” Jen stammered. She couldn’t hold it any longer. She pushed her way to the register with their radio in hand. She tried too hard to get through the transaction, but they kept asking stupid questions.

“Does this come with a warranty?” The one man asked. “Y- Y- Yes” She said. Another squirt fell from her pussy, trailing down her leg. Some of the other employees noticed her turmoil and took at their phones. They knew what could happen. And the sexiest worker in the store? They had to get it on video.

“Do yall have credit cards?” One of the men asked. “N-No… I…” Another squirt. Jen was losing it completely. She shoved a hand to her crotch as she jiggled furiously in place. She was sweating profusely. She couldn’t hold it any longer. Maybe she could make it to the bucket still? “I thought yall did. Huh aight, lets just buy this and go.” One of the men said, swiping his master card. His receipt printer and Jen handed it to him and turned towards the restrooms, starting to hobble back. She noticed all the employees around her with their cell phones out. “Oh no…” She thought. “Hey! Quick question miss” One of the men hollered to her. “Y-yes?” Jen sputtered, a big leak jetting into her pants. Her wet spot was huge now. She was about to burst.

“Wheres yalls restroom. I kinda gotta pee ya know? Like a waterfall!” The man said laughing.

This was it for Jen. She gasped and grabbed herself forcefully with two hands as piss rocketed from her pussy. She started to sob as she burst. Pee gushed all over her as she squirmed in place trying desperately to stop it. “NononoNONONONO!!!! STOP! FUCK! SHIT! I CAN’T! FUCK!” She screamed as pee splashed all over her sexy legs as she jiggled in place. She started to full on cry as she kept pushing on her pee hole to stop the flood. “No… no…. fuck no…” she cried… She glanced around as she saw everyone’s phones out, laughing at her. “D-Delete that… no….” She shouted. Everyone could see her lace thong through her pants. It was undeniable that she had completely wet herself. Jen sulked out of the store, her heels filled with pee as she shuffled to her car.

Jen thankfully was off for a few days right after her fateful accident. However, upon returning, she gasped as she saw pictures of her pissing herself on the employee hub website and videos up on the company social media page. She had tried to stay away from social media since the accident, but she couldn’t avoid it any longer. Everyone knew her as the girl who couldn’t hold it at Technoleak… As she walked to her department her fellow employees smirked, one even handing her a bottle of water and laughing. God, she was humiliated… Would she ever get over this? The worst part was, as she walked to clock in, she felt a need to pee already.

*005*2017-12-30 17:50

{{57 minutes ago, Alltheomorashi said:

I agree but I kind of want to hear how this shift goes ;) lolol

}}

Glad you mentioned that!

So this was done for a story trade! And after writing and publishing the person who wanted the story written asked for an extended ending with a poop scene. I obliged.

If you'd like to read it I'm posing it below. Be warned, it includes messing as well as wetting:

The worst part was, as she walked to clock in, she felt a need to pee already, and worse than that, she felt the need to poop.

Jen groaned as her belly rumbled. She bounced a little in place and looked towards the restroom and gasped a little, there was already a long line and it was only 2pm! She squirmed a little and tried to go and sell like usual.

After a couple of customers her need to pee and poop rose to extreme levels. Her morning coffee and beagle were pushing her every second. If only she had just peed in the morning like usual. She handed her customer his receipt and looked back to the toilet to see no line! She sighed and walked towards them. On the way there a few co workers taunted her. “Gotta pee huh Jen? Try to make it in the toilet this time!” They laughed and mocked her. She shuffled her way in, her ass feeling like it was going to explode. As she came into the bathroom her other female co worker rushed in and shut the last open stall door. The other two stall doors were out of order, indicated by the signs, so It was just the one stall that was even available, now taken by her coworker. Jen walked up, her bladder boiler and her bowels bubbling. “K-Katie hurry. I r-really gotta go…” Jen cried out. She gasped as she felt a squirt from her pussy leak into her thong.

After holding for too long last week, her bladder muscles weakened and so did her bowel muscles. She was having an extremely hard time holding it all in. “F-Fuck. Katie please!!!” She cried again. Katie laughed from inside the stall as she let out a massive stream of piss in the bowl. Jen gasped and grabbed herself with both hands, one on her crotch and one on her ass. She bounced around desperately, holding herself as tightly as she could until she felt another squirt fly and a turtle head poke out of her ass. She couldn’t take it anymore as she heard Katie let out a huge load into the toilet.

“No NONO!!!! NOT AGAIN FUCK!” Jen cried out as piss started to spurt all over her pants yet again, and shit started to pour into her thong and pants, leaving an extremely noticeable brown spot on her pants. She peed and peed for what seemed like ages, as her body also forced out the massive load from her into her delicate white pants. She bent over as her pants filled, soaking up her piss and turning see through, while also being stained brown. She cried in the bathroom as Katie came out laughing at the poor Jen.

Jen finally calmed herself down after making her way into the open stall. She shoveled all the pent-up shit into the bowl and tried desperately to clean herself up, but she could only do so much. She did what she could, a massive brown spot still on her ass, and she walked out, looking to just leave. She needed time off to deal with this issue. As she left, her co coworkers laughed harder than ever, mocking her and laughing at her shit stain. She shuffled out to her car sobbing and looked down at her phone as she got inside. It had vibrated when she was walking out. Turns out, people had even taken pictures and posted them on social media, showing the big stain. She quickly drove home, sobbing harder than ever, her legs feeling clammy and sticky.

