Desperate Date

Author: Tina5422

*000*2014-07-04 23:06

Criticism is welcomed. :)

Sasuke was never this nervous. It was just something about that annoying blonde that got to him. After their first meaning, Sasuke would have never expected things to end up like this: him and Naruto together on a date.

Though he outwardly shows great disdain for his annoying teammate, recently something has began to change. All of the outrageous mannerisms now seemed kind of cute. The obnoxiously orange jump-suit now seemed to suit his blonde hair and sapphire eyes. Sasuke quickly shook his head, he had fallen bad for the other.

Sasuke had managed to find an outfit that said, 'I'm not going to be a softie for you dobe' but also 'I kinda really like you and hope you can tell'. Just a pair of dark jeans with a belt and a light blue top.

After checking the time, he decided it was appropriate to leave now. He didn't want to be awkwardly early meeting up with Naruto, but he also didn't want to be late. He walked to the park he had invited Naruto to and saw the blonde coming to join him on a bench.

"Hey" he said calmly, trying to show his cool demeanor.

"Hi" replied Naruto. "Want some ice cream?" He asked

Sasuke nodded. "Plain vanilla."

Naruto came back with one plain vanilla cone and another cake batter cone covered in confetti colored sprinkles adorning it. Sasuke let out a soft chuckle at the ice cream, just the difference in appearance showed the difference in their personality.

Sasuke carefully licked his cone while holding it with a napkin, being sure not to make a mess. He turned to his right and saw ice cream covering Naruto's face already. He took a napkin and wiped it away before blushing slightly. Slightly embarrassed by his action. The blonde must really have a comforting effect on him.

Naruto just smiled cluelessly. He had tried switching up his outfit for the date as well. Some khaki shorts with a bright orange t-shirt still showing off his favorite color. The t-shirt now had a stain from his ice cream.

Sasuke smiled as he thought of how adorable and childish the blonde appeared and then grimaced realizing he was losing his edge.

Another glance told him that perhaps losing his edge wasn't so bad.

After both boys had finished their ice cream, they began walking around the park together. They enjoyed talking to each other. About ten minutes into their walk, Sasuke felt an odd pang from beneath his stomach. At first he didn't realize what the feeling was, but after receiving a water bottle from Naruto it dawned on him: he needed to pee.

This was nothing for Sasuke Uchiha though. He had been taught all his life to resist urges and never show physical distress or else it would bring shame to the Uchiha name. That was when Sasuke toughened up. However, it's hard to be tough against your bladder when your date is constantly sloshing his drink around you.

"Could we sit down for a minute?" Sasuke asked hoping to not sound suspicious. "Just to take in the scenery..together." He mumbled the last word. He thought that sitting would alleviate some of the pressure, but no such luck. He felt the blonde snuggle his head against Sasuke's shoulder so now he definitely couldn't move. Changing position so much would draw attention to himself and even someone as clueless as Naruto would catch on.

Unfortunately, it was hot outside and Sasuke needed to drink in order to stay hydrated. This also meant that each sip added to the already present desperation he was feeling. He must feel this way because he didn't pee before leaving the house. He assumed that an Uchiha wouldn't need to worry about something so trivial. But now, about forty-five minutes later, he was regretting his arrogance.

After a few minutes, despite his best efforts, Sasuke couldn't help but cross his ankles. It provided little relief but it helped him hide his need. He looked down at Naruto and sighed happily. It turned out the other hadn't noticed the slight movement.

After a few more sips from his bottle, Sasuke's need had increased. He quickly glanced around for a toilet but immediately stopped himself. He wouldn't need to pee that badly. His namesake proved that he could certainly hold it. But what if he can't?

The pressure slowly began to mount as he sat on the bench. He couldn't help it and squirmed very slightly. This didn't go by unnoticed by Naruto though.

"What's wrong?" He asked the dark-haired boy.

"Nothing." Sasuke responded quickly. Almost too quickly. He needed to go <I>now</I>. The level of urgency worried the Uchiha. He had never been in this dire of a situation before. Sure everyone's gone on some uncomfortable road trips or too long of after school detention but he had never been so surprisingly desperate.

Naruto kept looking up at Sasuke and moved from his shoulder. Wiggling wasn't something he was known for. This was quite weird. Something just has to be wrong. "I know it isn't 'nothing'."

Sasuke chewed his lip and mentally debated telling his date. Maybe Naruto could help him find a much needed toilet. Or maybe Naruto would lose respect for him.

The cons seemed to outweigh the pros so he continued to ignore Naruto and attempted to change the conversation topic. His leg began to bounce without him noticing from his need. His date noticed this and looked at him once again with confusion in his eyes. "You seem antsy. Do you need to do something?"

Oh, how desperately he needed to do something. Sasuke was now regretting his choice in wardrobe with the belt. His hands gravitated towards it and fiddled with the buckle. He couldn't just loosen it or then it would make it obvious to Naruto what was wrong.

Sasuke's eyes frantically searched the park for a toilet now shoving aside his Uchiha pride. Naruto put a hand on his shoulder and stared Sasuke in his eyes. "You have to tell me what's wrong." He said with a stern facial expression.

"I just need to..." He trailed off hoping he could get away with not vocalizing everything to Naruto but he could still understand.

"Need to what?" Naruto didn't understand.

Sasuke rubbed his bladder in an attempt to show the problem.

"Oh." His face grew red. Now all of the jittery movements made sense but he was still in awe. The most courageous and cool guy in Konoha is not reduced to a squirming mess all because he needs to pee.

"Well, why don't you just go?" He continued.

"There aren't any toilets around. I looked" he mumbled feeling extremely uncomfortable about everything at the moment.

"Oh, want to end our date then so that you can go home and...ya' know..." Naruto asked. Sasuke shook his head, he was really enjoying this close time and didn't want to stop.

"Well I have another option, but I doubt you'll like it."

"I'll do it, whatever it is." Sasuke replied eagerly.

"Maybe you could finish drinking your water bottle since it's big and already close to empty. Then use it to pee in. I'll shield you."

The idea embarrassed Sasuke, but it was a lot better than wetting his pants. He nodded. They went to a corner in the park and Naruto turned around. Sasuke sealed the last few drops of water from his bottle. He then unscrewed the top, pulled down his pants, and let loose an inner hose. Naruto's eyes grew wide at the sound and he was shocked. Sasuke's bladder must've gone through hell. Did he neglect such a strong need just to not leave Naruto's side? This made him smile.

As the bottle filled, Sasuke sighed both in relief and frustration. The bottle was only temporary he knew but at least it was manageable now. He pulled back up his underwear, his his pants, and then redid his belt on a looser buckle.

"Thanks" he said awkwardly after turning back around to his date.

"I think going home would be best for you right now considering your..situation." He gave the Uchiha a hug and a peck on the cheek before leaving. Once Naruto left, Sasuke quickly walked home to reach his toilet.

Sasuke had hoped for a memorable date, and that it was.

