Konata's Desperate Morning

Author: Trouble

*000*2012-04-11 18:40

New story. I tried to make it as long as possible but, this is all I could get. I featured Konata from Lucky Star first of all because I love Konata, she relates to me in so many ways. And I've also saw how people liked Konata getting desperate and wetting herself, so anyway I hope you like it! ;)

Konata's Desperate Morning

On a Saturday morning, Konata woke up to the heat of her bed, her blanket was very thick and had a sheet to cover it. The curtains were also open and the sun was shining directly over her body causing her to feel more hot.

She sighed and pushed them off her then turned around to go back to sleep, not even bothering to change her clothes which were damp with sweat.

Just when she was going to fall asleep she opened her eyes to a slight twinge in her lower abdomen. Instead of getting up and revealing herself she just closed her eyes again and ignored it.

At a later time, Konata was awoken by an even stronger pain in her bladder. She was sure that she wouldn't be able to hold it anymore and got up from her bed almost causing her to lose control, she quickly sat down on the bed and bended over.

After she gained control of her bladder again she slowly got back up and hobbled over to the door, luckily she had left it open, so she took a step out of the room only for her bladder muscles to relax and send a powerfull stream into her knickers. She didn't do anything to stop it since she was still sleepy and wanted this all to end so she can go back to sleep, she just stood there, uncontrolably peeing as a burst of urine ran down her legs, completely soaking her pajama bottoms. Causing them to cling wetly onto her legs.

A few squirts soaked through her bottoms and hit the floor forming a puddle, Konata was starting to get irriated. Then the stream ended with a trickle, and the new fresh urine that would have to be let out soon stored itself in her bladder.

Konata just forced the rest out, why bother holding it in or going to the bathroom when you were already wet? Besides, it wasn't like anybody was there or something.

A small spurt dripped into her knickers and a few drips hit the floor, ending this situation.

Now wide awake, she went back into her room, her drenched pajama bottoms felt heavier now. She peeled them off with her knickers turning them inside out, and threw them on the floor. Then she got a fresh pair of knickers out of her drawer and slid them on, after that she got a pair of blue tight leggings and put them on too and replaced her pajama top with a yellow tank top.

She would have to clean up the puddle as quick as possible in case her dad would wake up. So she walked out of the room, while passing the doorway she tried to be careful not to step in the puddle.

When she got to the bathroom she looked at the toilet paper for a moment, but then she decided that just a few little tissues wouldn't clean up a huge puddle and moved onto the towels. She then went to the doorway of her bedroom and sat on her knees, and carefully wiped the floor, as the towel sunk into the puddle it got drenched and smoothened.

When she was done she put the towel in the laundry and wiped the remaining wetness with a tissue.

Since she didn't feel sleepy anymore she just threw the tissue away and went on her computer trying to act like nothing happened, though still blushing slightly.

