Nadia and the cultists

Author: Tentacool

*000*2023-09-02 08:29

*I've been promising @OmoNadia that I would do some writing for her and today I finally landed on a concept that I like! This will be updated along in short snippets I can write on my phone so please forgive any strange formatting. I hope you enjoy!!*

###

[Day 1]

A young lady named Nadia was walking quickly along a stone path in a forest, dressed in a purple top which revealed her cleavage, belly and shoulders quite a bit, but covered her arms with loose sleeves, her hands were placed over the front of her black skirt to prevent the breeze from pushing it upward. Nadia's walking pace was rather quick, but her legs stuck close together, squeezing against each other tightly which made for a rather awkward position for the woman to rush around in, as is quite obvious by her pose, she's searching for a bathroom.

In truth, a few droplets had already escaped her, spreading a wet spot at the crotch of her white & purple striped panties, making it clingy and bothersome for the desperate girl, despite all this she didn't dare to get into a full run, as jostling her bladder was the last thing she could take.

So she fast-walked with her thighs pressing together all the way, sometimes wondering if her striped thigh-highs - which of course matched her panties - would become prone to creating static shock... She hoped not, as a hearty zap would be more than enough to cause a leak.

Now with sweat running down her forehead and her caramel hair an utter mess from running against the wind, Nadia thankfully caught a lucky break, just over another little hill and past a rocky path, there was a toilet! Just a lone, pristine toilet off to the side of the path. Before the desperate lady could even attempt to question the presence of the toilet in such a random spot, her bladder sent another pang which crawled all the way up her spine.

Seeing how futile it would be to delay her own relief any further, Nadia simply accepted this blessing from the forest, and immediately dragged her panties down to her knees as she rushed to plop her squishy butt down on that oh so inviting toilet. Just having her ladyhood exposed to the open air made her desperation spike, and for a brief moment she actually did lose it, just as she hovered her butt over the seat it leaked out, thankfully falling into the bowl, Nadia sighed, then moaned from the much needed relief - which had only just started!

...However, much to her dismay, a strange presence disturbed her relief, the strange feeling of being watched immediately triggered her pee-shyness, and her sphincter slowly, painfully closed up, cutting off her much needed relief... Though this brought incredible discomfort to the young lady, it was a blessing in disguise, because just as she was about to call out for the potential stalker, he... They revealed themselves!

&&

2 burly men in plate armor and one... Horrifying construct of eyes and tendrils approached from the shadows, surrounding Nadia at a most compromising position, their sudden appearance momentarily broke her shyness barrier, and a leak escaped her still aching bladder our of fear, echoing loudly against the porcelain of the toilet bowl, which angered the men in armor...

"How dare you?!" One of them called out, threatening Nadia with his sword

"You've disturbed the ritual, now we must start all over again!" The other armored man exclaimed, though he remained in a more neutral stance.

Scared of what else could happen, Nadia did her best to cut off her stream of pee once again, depriving herself of a much needed relief in hopes to appease the swordsman threatening her.

"Please, sir!" - She pleaded - "Don't hurt me! I didn't mean to do anything bad! Please sir, I've just been holding it in so long... I needed relief and I saw this toilet out here, I could not resist!"

Upon hearing this, the swordsman sighed, and addressed his fellow man:

"I told you it was a bad idea to disguise the cursed cauldron as a toilet..." - He said, sheathing his sword

"Well I don't see you learning any illusion spells... It's all I had!" - His associate replied - "That's besides the point anyhow, this girl pissed in it! We need to make the whole mixture again!"

"But the noble one has already begun to awaken!"

Nadia assumed the 'Noble one' the man was referring to was the strange creature made of eyes and tentacles standing behind her, this was a lot to take in, firstly that she was witnessing some kind of magic occurence - potentially a cosmic horror scenario no-less, with these two armored men summoning a strange tentacle creature for what were certainly going to be nefarious purposes... Worst of it all, she couldn't just leave now, nor could she relieve herself, not with the strange creature staring at her, much less with the big men standing at her sides, one of whom was armed and the other apparently capable of casting spells.

By the time Nadia came to, the men had come to some sort of agreement:

"Then it's decided! The woman shall serve as a sacrifice!"

"What?!" - Nadia yelled - "No!! Please, I don't want to die!" She pleaded as she prepared to leap off the toilet, foregoing any sense of pride for the sake of her survival, but thankfully, she didn't need to jump and run for it, as the amored wizard quickly clarified.

"You won't die, miss. Forgive this miscommunication, my brother's not well versed in the arts. What I meant is that - since your DNA has merged with the magic essence, the Noble One requires you to serve as his tether into our realm... So from now on, we must use you as the cauldron for our magic essence."

Nadia dreaded those words, because deep down her mind had already connected the dots...

"C-Can't I at least pee first?"

"No, the bond has already been created, we must finish the ritual through your body, every drop of essence is critical to the Noble One's awakening!"

"Well... How long is this ritual, sir?"

"6 Months." - The swordsman replied, just as the wizard made some strange signs with his hands...

"And to ensure our progress isn't lost, I shall bind you to the roots beneath us, you cannot escape this forest, and you will serve as the vessel for the Noble One's magic essence!"

"I can't hold for six months! That is insane! Please, let me go!!" Nadia begged, but the armored men had already made their decision.

"You will hold for 6 months... Or we will feed your flesh to the Noble one."

Nadia hoped the swordsman was just bluffing, but the wizard confirmed it, and the mass of eyes and tendrils stared hungrily at Nadia... She believed it.

With no other choice, the lady had to accept her fate as a magical vessel, the wizard would proceed with a chain of spells, all focused on making Nadia more capable of holding in all the 'essence'. None of it granted her bladder any relief from the pain, however, and as she pulled her panties back up, the little damp spot clung to her ladyhood, teasingly reminding her of the much needed relief she couldn't get today, and wouldn't get for the coming 6 months.

&&

Thus began Nadia's first day as a "magic cauldron" for the awakening of some eldritch beast, which she already started at her very limit of desperation, and yet she somehow knew those men and the monster would find a way to push her further... Could she really hold for half a year after this? Just thinking about it filled her heart with fear.

*002*2023-09-10 06:05

[Day 2]

By the end of the previous day, Nadia was starting to leak, thankfully the wizard expected such a complication and cast a spell to strengthen and seal her bladder, making it so that even if Nadia tried, she couldn't relieve herself.

Now quite some time into the second day of the ritual, Nadia has officially held it in for 24 hours total.

"I'm sorry for interrupting your ritual, sir! I really am! But is this all really necessary?" - Nadia tried pleading again, squirming in place with her thighs pressed together and grinding back and forth against each other.

Her thigh-highs now had some wet spots on them from yesterday's small leak, but thankfully for the cultists, all that could threaten to drench Nadia further would be her sweat from all the desperation... Most discomforting was how her panties still felt damp, but now cold instead of warm, teasing the woman's nethers and making her need more urgent, she even considered taking them off, but how could she do such a thing in front of two evil men?

"Of course it's necessary!" - The swordsman replied while scratching sigils into the trees surrounding them - "it wouldn't be my choice to have our magic cauldron be a living woman, let alone one completely unrelated to our cause!"

"Calm down brother." - the wizard intervened - "Perhaps it was destiny that brought her to us! Think about it... Would the Noble one really allow his own essence to merge with just some common woman's urine? No, there must be something special about her!"

"Like what? She a virgin or something?" - The swordsman said mockingly, and chuckled as he saw Nadia blushing and looking away.

"I won't question the Noble one's decisions, all that matters is that we proceed with the ritual accordingly. For the next part of the mixture we must apply potions of mana and strength, I shall head into town and look for a seller, you guard the cauldron." - The wizard ordered.

"Wait a minute, shouldn't you guard her? You're the one that applied the seal to her bladder, what am I supposed to do if her body runs out of mana?"

"Simple: You just don't let her leak a drop! You're good at keeping people in order, aren't you? ...Besides, you have no idea what the potions we need even look like."

"Fair enough." - The swordsman sighed stepped back to guard Nadia...

[Day 3]

Nadia shuddered, her bladder was now very stiff to the touch, her need was urgent and knowing this, the sadistic swordsman used it as a form of entertainment.

"Spread your legs more, come on!" - He teased, threatening Nadia with his sword as she sat on the toilet.

"Ehh!? T-This is so mean! I-I can't pee!" - Nadia yelled, sitting on that porcelain throne brought her desperation to a new extreme, her body recognizing it was a prime position for relief, constantly sent signals to her brain begging for release.

Bladder pangs and spasms tormented her as the swordsman pervertedly used his sword to lift up Nadia's skirt as she sat, getting a peak at her panties.

"H-Hey!!" - She complained, bringing her knees up to hide it from the pervert.

"Looks like that wet spot finally dried! But you still reek of piss..." - The swordsman teased, and Nadia could only whimper in response, her full bladder far too bothersome to let her formulate a proper comeback.

But soon - as if prompted by all the bullying - Nadia started to feel her little sphincter opening, which of course wasn't exactly pleasant in such a desperate state, but it meant that she had a chance for relief there! If she could push it all out now she'd cancel the binding spell, allowing her to escape this ritual of bladder torture!

As her mana continued to drain, the sealing spell weakening more and more, she spread her legs in anticipation, much to the joy of the swordsman, and prepared to push out all the pee inside!

...But Nadia made a mistake, as she tried to push it out, not only did she moan a bit - in a mix of desperation and anticipation for the relief - but she also tried to do it too early, the spell had not yet weakened enough. All Nadia managed to let out was one tiny spurt, and this proved to be a fatal mistake.

"What do you think you're doing?!" - The swordsman exclaimed.

"W-Wha?!" - Nadia stammered, as her relief cut short involuntarily, bringing back all the discomfort of her overfilled bladder.

"Cut that our right now or you'll be sorry, you hear me?!" - The swordsman threatened again, pushing his sword perilously close to poking at Nadia's slit through her re-wet panties...

"I stopped! I stopped! I'm sorry!!" - She pleaded, hiding her face.

"Keep it down there, you two! What would the Noble one think?" - The wizard intervened again, returning with dozens of potions.

"Brother! What took you so long?"

"The seller I usually go to kept saying his potions were too strong for me, it's a long story..."

"Very well... Apologies for being loud brother, but the cauldron has leaked!"

"I'm sorry!" - Nadia exclaimed again, shyly covering her crotch once more.

"Don't worry, she's just running out of mana, I bough an ample supply of mana potions precisely to help us with this!"

"Excellent! Let's fill her up!" - The swordsman excitedly took a bottle and forced it into Nadia's mouth, holding her head with his free hand so she wouldn't try to shake it off. - "If you leave even a drop in this bottle I'll feed it through your urethra!" - He threatened.

&&

Admittedly even the Noble one was a bit shocked at such a threat, but he admired the tenacity of his follower, observing as his cauldron was filled up with the delicious potion.

Nadia however was not at all pleased, by the time she finished drinking it she felt full of energy, yes, but she also felt her bladder getting pumped up faster, it seemed these "weaker potions" the wizard bought had a diuretic effect, and poor Nadia would be force-fed one every day alongside her generous fluid intake and her meals... Thinking about this, she clutched herself tightly, feeling her damp panties touching her ladyhood only reminded her of the minuscule, unsatisfying little leak she just let out and how that may be the last relief she'll get for a long, long time...

&&

*004*2023-09-10 07:23

{{3 minutes ago, sleeping_cat01 said:

That's a smart Nana. I can't wait for the desperation to break her mind and turn her into a dumb-dumb who thirsts for the Noble one like a parched land.

}}

Now there's an interesting idea, Nana gets mind-broken by holding her pee so much she becomes a willing, bloated little pee-holding pet for the cult~

That's not really what I have planned but it certainly is a beautiful thing to imagine.

*006*2024-01-16 06:22

{{On 11/23/2023 at 9:32 PM, Cy_The_Fox said:

Is this still active?

}}

I can't make promises...

