The Studenthouse

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2012-04-23 22:29

Hello,

This is my first post here. I have been lurking around and finally wrote a omorashi story myself (so I created an account to post it). At the moment, chapter 3 is sort of finished and I am going to think where to take chapter four. For now, I will post only chapter one, and when I feel like it, I will add chapter 2 and so forth.

Feedback is welcome.

There is an abrupt start, no clear introduction, but the characters will become clear soon enough. First chapter only consists of the 2 main characters, others will be added later on.

Chapter 1: The first accident

“AAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!” She screamed. She was being chased by a horrific creature. There was only one safe place in the house and she was almost there. She needed to be in there, nothing could harm her there. Just a few meters….

When she entered, the monster disappeared. “Finally safe!”. Then she saw where she was; she had entered the bathroom. What a coincidence. She was so scared by the monster she could use one. She walked over to the toilet and sat down when she slowly woke up feeling happy from escaping. She also felt warmer and warmer. “OH GOD, NO!”

“What is it?” Her roommate asked. She just realized to her horror how hard she had shouted. Jenny was peeing her bed when she woke up, but managed to stop it.

“What’s wrong?” Kyra asked. Jenny did not dare say anything about her situation. “Just a bad dream” she answered, while she was feeling how bad the damage was under her sheets. The back of her white panties with red stripes was almost completely soaked and her bed had a wet spot just a little bigger than the size of her butt. Her blue sleeping shirt was ridden up to her back, and thus did not get any of the pee. How was she going to make sure Kyra did not find out?

She’s had it worse when she was in puberty, but this was her first night-time accident in 3 years. How shameful it would be if Kyra found out, a 19 year old could not wet the bed anymore.

“Hey, I really need to go to the toilet” Kyra said. “But I don’t know the way in the dark yet around here”. Kyra was a 18-year-old first year student at the university and managed to get a room in the student house of Jenny. She had lived there only a few days now. “To be honest, in the dark this house gives me the creeps and I don’t really dare to go alone”. This really made things hard for Jenny, but she decided; after her first scream, it would be too obvious to decline. Besides, she still really needed to pee too, as she only peed a little and stopped mid-stream. “Ok” she answered.

She tried really hard not to be obvious while getting up. She slid out of her wet sheets and immediately stood up, so her bed would not get any wetter. Her shirt was long enough to be a dress, so it fell over her panties, hiding their wetness. She heard drops falling on the wooden floor and going down her thighs and panicked. She quickly looked over to Kyra, but to her relief she had not noticed due to her desperation. Kyra had also climbed out of her bed, and now she was standing next to it crossing her legs and holding herself; “I’m sorry for being like this, but I just really need the toilet. I’m so embarrassed”.

“Doesn’t matter”, Jenny said, “it happens. I wake up a lot like that too. It’s no big deal. Well, let’s get going then” Jenny said as smoothly as possible. She was relieved, she was not the only one in trouble. Kyra was probably busy with keeping her pee in so much that she hadn’t noticed the trembling in Jenny’s voice.

Kyra was obviously desperate, making small steps towards the door. Jenny tried to hide her desperation. When they reached the door, Kyra said “Shit, almost forgot” and walked back. “What?”

“There are boys in this house and I don’t want to walk around like this” Kyra said. She was just wearing a pair of small light-blue panties and bra without shoulder straps. She was too prudish for a guy to see that. “You probably won’t see anyone, just come along and fast” Jenny said. “No, I’m not doing it. I’ll just put on a long shirt like you. I would be too ashamed if a boy saw me like this.” She had nothing to be ashamed of though; she had a nicely shaped body with red curls and most guys gave her at least a second look. She was rather short. “And what’s your hurry, I’m the one almost having an accident!” Jenny had given herself away. She now had no choice but to tell her. “Well, actually, I need to go too, and it’s rather bad” she said. “In that case: I’m going first!” Kyra said. She walked over to the door as quickly as she could, now wearing a long, white shirt.

The girls walked down the hall and the stairs together in the dark, as there were only toilets on the ground floor. Half in the stairs there was a loud crack in the stairs and Kyra jumped. It seemed like there was nothing to worry about, but Kyra’s bladder was a whole different story; she felt something burst and gasped. She had started peeing, but managed to stop it after a few seconds. She could already feel her thighs get wet however and suspected the worst for her panties.

She checked on them by putting her hand in to her private area: her panties were completely soaked between her legs! How could this happen? She was shocked, as she never had anything like this before. “Are you OK?” Jenny asked. “No” Kyra answered in a slightly sobbing voice. ‘I’m so embarrassed, I think I just wet myself a little…” she said, as a tear rolled down her check. “Come on, accidents happen. Let’s get to the toilet fast before more comes out!” Jenny said, mostly thinking of her own bladder problems. The cold air in the hallway was doing no good for her situation; her panties were getting cold and were now clinging to her but, and she felt like she would wet herself again if she did not get on a toilet fast.

Lucky for the girls, it wasn’t occupied, but as Kyra just had a big spurt escape, she was having trouble holding it in now and seeing the bathroom door was no help. She felt it going bad again; she could not, would not wet herself! She never did, and would not start at 18. She ran as fast as she could while she felt spurts escaping and closed the door behind her.

She made it that far, but locking the door (as she always did) and standing still on the cold tiles of the bathroom was the final straw; while locking the door, she felt a spurt escape that she could not possibly stop anymore. It was still a few meters to the toilet, but she already started to fully soak herself. She felt her panties get warm and wet and her first reaction was to jam her hands between her legs. Bad move, she felt the front of her shirt get wet and quickly removed her hands and replaced them without her shirt in the way, but it was no use. Her panties had soaked up all they could and it was now running completely over her hands and down the insides of her legs!

She was helpless and gave up; she removed her now wet hands and the pee formed a thick stream straight through her panties on the floor, with trickles from the sides of her panties running down both her legs. After maybe 10 seconds of standing like this she realized how big the puddle was she was forming now and walked as fast as she could over to the toilet.

When she sat down she saw a thick trail of pee leading to the large puddle by the door. Then she realized; she still had her panties on! Quickly she pulled them halfway down to her knees. Now she saw the damage she had done; the front of her panties was still mainly light-blue, but 4 centimeters above her crotch they quickly became a deep, dark blue. The back of her panties were wet almost to the top, as she had been sitting while peeing in them. She started to cry; how could this have happened? She never had any accidents as a kid while she had seen her friends have a few around that age, and now, 1 week in college and she had wet herself! If only she had dared to go alone.

When she finished peeing and got up, she had another unpleasant surprise; her long, white shirt had been under her all the time. The back of it was now even more soaked than the front, and completely see-through. She could not possibly come out of the bathroom now! Jenny, who was almost twenty, was outside and would immediately see what she had done! She would have to move to another city if someone knew about this!

She was not aware of the problems Jenny was having herself though. She was fighting against her body, but her bladder was the weakest part of that. She would, on a normal day, go to the toilet all the time and not drink before she got to bed. Now she regretted that one bottle of water yesterday evening, as it was almost coming out. Nobody knew she had already wet the bed, there was still hope! Why had Kyra locked the door? She could have gone in the shower by now! She was desperate for any option.

After a while she knocked on the door. “Kyra, please open, I will be literally wetting myself if I can’t relieve myself soon!”. Kyra refused. “Listen, Kyra; I could hear what happened and I’m sorry for you, but I really need to use the bathroom now or I’ll do the same thing”. Kyra was now convinced to open the door, as she could not hide her accident anymore.

Finally Jenny could get in and saw Kyra; the poor girl was completely soaked and crying. Directly behind the door was a large puddle with a stream towards the toilet. Jenny had no time however to console her; she had to get to the toilet, as she felt it almost coming out and did not want the same fate as Kyra. She passed her quickly while she felt some spurts escaping. When she reached the toilet, she thought of a problem; there was another person watching and her panties were already really wet. If she pulled them down, Kyra could see she had wet the bed. She had to decide quickly, as she was already spurting and she was dripping on the ground. She decided to keep them on and pee through them. As soon as she sat down, the cold between her legs got warm again, spreading to her but. It felt great, warming up like that! Her panties were now completely soaked but she did not care; she was finally relieving herself and she had, mostly, made it to the toilet.

Meanwhile, the still sobbing Kyra was watching in disbelief; Jenny was also peeing through her panties! This blew her mind completely, she was not the only one! That was her luck, maybe Jenny won’t tell anyone and she would not have to move away.

Jenny was done and stood up. “Sorry for that” she said. Her panties were still dripping and she wrung them out a little. Then she inspected them; they were wetter than before, but her shame was less. At least she made it to the toilet, as far as anyone knows. Her shirt was still dry, which would cover her wet panties.

“We have to clean this up before anyone sees our accidents” Jenny said, happy no one would know about her wet bed. Kyra was even more in disbelief; Jenny had made it to the toilet, but she wet her panties anyway and acted as if it was not a big deal. Kyra, on the other hand, was still constantly sobbing. “Hey, it’s not that big of a deal, anyone can have an accident” Jenny said.

After the girls had cleaned the toilet, Kyra felt a little bit better. They got back to their room without being seen. “What are you doing with your panties?” Kyra asked Jenny, as she had no idea what to do. “What do you mean, I’m just going to wash them with the rest of my used clothes today”. Kyra could not believe how normal Jenny stayed. “I’ll just hide my panties and shirt where no one will find them till I can go wash them. For now I only have time to shower before breakfast.” After sorting their selves out and eating breakfast, both girls went to college.

*007*2012-05-19 17:52

I'm sorry I've waited so long, but here it is: chapter 2. Did not have a lot of time lately. Thanks for all the positive feedback, I did not expect so many positive posts! I hope I can keep up to your expectations.

Chapter 2: Distractions

Kyra could not really concentrate. She was thinking about her shameful accident that morning, but especially about that of Jenny. She could be mistaken, but she thought that Jenny could have made it to the toilet without peeing herself, but she waited a bit and just sat down. The more she thought about it, the more Kyra got convinced Jenny had peed herself on purpose. Some time ago she accidentally read on the internet some people do that for fun. Then again, she could not see that in Jenny.

She could have also done it to make Kyra feel better. By the end of college, she decided she was sure Jenny could have pulled her panties down instead of peeing through them, and did it on purpose. She was disgusted about it, but at the same time she was thinking about her own accident and, if you forget the shame of peeing yourself and the effort to clean it up, it was not all bad. She felt a lot better afterwards than before once she completely peed herself because of the relief, and the spreading warmth felt really nice. And Jenny seemed to really enjoy it, she too was clearly happier afterwards.

Kyra had a long lunch break, so she got home between her courses. She knew Jenny, as well as most of her housemates, would not come home for lunch. On the way home she did some more thought-experiments about peeing yourself. She decided to try it, just to see how it felt to do it on purpose. She did not pee since that morning and had to go pretty urgently again, she was almost as desperate as that morning when she woke up. She was wearing tight jeans, which would be a real bad idea to pee in as it would be a little too obvious to change into other pants, she thought. On the toilet peeing through just her panties was also a bad idea, she thought, because they would make her pants obviously wet and someone might see it, but she came up with a solution.

So she walked past the bathroom while getting more and more desperate, which was against her nature. She had to act fast, as her bladder now was really full again and she was on the verge of wetting herself, as her body sensed it was home. She half-ran up the stairs into her room and got to her closet. Just before she got out of her jeans, she released a big spurt in her haste. She felt her panties getting damp again! Then the wetness spread and she felt her thighs getting warm. She did not realize she was so close to wetting herself again. She quickly put on a pair of green, loose shorts but kept her white cotton panties on, as they were already a little wet. Then she saw she almost made a crucial mistake; she almost wet herself right there, damaging the floor! She had to get towels, but she could not possibly make it.

She tried anyway. She got 2 towels out of the back of her closet while crossing her legs, bouncing a bit and holding herself firmly between her legs. Then she suddenly started to pee in spurts! She quickly dropped the towels and stood above them while trying to keep it back to sort out the towels, but it was no use. She felt a solid stream beginning inside of her and there was no way to stop it. When she felt it hitting her panties, a great warmth started to spread against her bare, most sensual part of her body.

As she was peeing herself full-force, moments later her panties were completely soaked and it quickly shot through her fast darkening shorts. She spread her legs a little and watched as her stream hit the wooden floor hard. Drops of pee were flying everywhere. Meanwhile, the warm wetness between her legs started to spread even more, both to back and front. Her peeing force started to decline a little and the stream divided itself in 2 streams from the legs of her shorts. Oh, the relief! She felt in heaven. When she looked down again, her legs were glistening with her pee. Then she realized she should have taken her socks off, but by now they were already soaked.

She got back to earth when she saw the pee spreading: most of her pee got straight on to the floor, where now a puddle was spreading and she could not stop! She tried to contain the puddle, but was too busy peeing herself to do it well. When she was done, her shorts, panties, socks and legs were completely soaked, as well were her towels. It felt great, being so wet from her own hot liquid! She put her hand between her wet legs and touched herself trough her shorts. She almost came, but could hold it back. Sure, it felt great, but she could not be sexually aroused by this. It would be strange, but she did feel aroused in a way she never did before. Did Jenny feel this way too when she peed herself? She tried to ignore it, but couldn’t.

This time she did not feel the same kind of shame she did in the morning. Surely, she had lost control before she meant to, making it strictly speaking an accident, but she meant to have one and felt in control; she could have gone to the toilet downstairs. It was a great discovery, she thought. She never knew how great it feels to wet yourself, as it never happened to her. And it even seems to be normal to wet yourself on purpose, Jenny did it too and probably most girls who have an accident will find out too how great it feels to pee yourself.

She started to clean up and saw one big mistake; she could not shower now as she had used her last 2 towels. She had to wash them before she could shower, so her clothes had to wait a little longer. She sorted herself out, got ready for her afternoon college and tried to get a different smell on to her, as after washing the towels there was no more time left to shower. After she put on a new pair of panties, this time black ones, she put on her pants. They felt very cold and looked down; they were wet halfway to her knees. “Oh no,” she thought, “that spurt was too big, now I have to change and maybe people will notice”. She decided it was best to put on something completely different and put on a red and black top with a grey pleaded skirt with black stockings.

That afternoon she did not hear any word that was said during the college. She was thinking of wetting herself and if, when and where she would try it again.

After college, she got home and did not see Jenny home yet. Good! She decided it was a good time to was her clothes of that day. When she got in her room and passed Jenny’s bed, she sensed a faint smell of urine. She did not think much of it and thought she smelled her own clothes, which were under her bed, but when she got closer to her bed, the smell decreased. So she went on investigation. It really seemed to come from Jenny’s bed, while she hid her panties in her closet, as she had seen that morning. She pulled away the covers and could not believe what she saw there; there was a yellow circle the size of a basketball on the bed! No doubt that was from this morning, as it was still damp!

Now it made sense. Jenny peed through her panties because they were already wet from her bed wetting! She did not like it!“What have I done? I have wet myself twice today and one time was on purpose! Why did I do that? What was I thinking?” she panicked. She had purposely wet herself under false assumptions. And she thought it felt good. She was disgusted with herself and confused. She went on to her own side of the room and found her towels, that she put in the washing machine that morning, folded neatly. She looked under the bed and saw what she had feared; all her wet clothes were gone!

Earlier that day in college, Jenny did not pay that much attention either. She wore a short black pleaded skirt, like she used to do a lot to school years before when she was having regular accidents as a habit, because it’s easier to hide an accident. Above that she had a grey top with a funny text on it. There were only white panties left in her drawer this morning after she ruined her red-striped ones. She was very ashamed of herself that she just wet her bed again. She also felt bad for Kyra, who just came here to study last week and wet herself completely in front of an older student. She imagined how she would have felt and thought of the poor girl.

She always needed a lot of coffee to stay awake at college, especially when there were long speeches like today. It would take almost all her lunch break before her afternoon courses! She just took as much coffee as she always did. After a while she began to feel it in her bladder; at that moment the last short break was just over. Another 45 minutes could be done easily, so she did not think much of it and drank her last coffee she got in that break.

40 minutes in however, she was happy it was almost over. She was squirming a bit and had to hold herself through her skirt. She could do another 5 minutes, so still no problem. At that moment the professor said: “I’m sorry to say this, but I have planned this lesson rather optimistic. We will have to go on for 15 minutes more, so feel free to eat your lunch here”. Jenny could not believe it. Now she suddenly had to hold it for 20 minutes! She tried to think of something else, but it worked only half.

After 10 minutes she was sitting with her legs crossed and bouncing, while she was holding herself through her skirt with her left hand, while she tried to hold herself under her skirt from the other side with her right hand. It was now very obvious for the people around her what was wrong. She suddenly felt a spurt escape. She panicked for a minute, but then thought of the kind of panties she was wearing. They would absorb a lot more than her panties of that morning! The next 5 minutes she was spurting every now and then, trying to be nonchalant. She sometimes uncrossed her legs and refrained from bouncing. She was only holding herself discretely. The consequence of this was that she had to pee a lot more now, but at least she drew no attention to herself. By now her panties were getting wetter and wetter and she felt it coming near the back of her skirt. This class to be over soon!

“That was all, thank you for listening”. It was done! Finally! Uh oh… a bigger spurt followed her happiness. She felt her skirt beneath her getting wet. She stood up to get to the toilet as fast as possible, but there was a line to get out of the room. She had to use the upper exit to get to a toilet fast! She walked as fast as she could, and for some people, who had seen her fidgeting earlier, it was obvious why she was doing this.

While walking up the stairs of the college room, she let out some spurts which were casting right down her bare legs into her socks and shoes. She stopped to gain control, which only worked half. The spurts got smaller, but when she walked on they got bigger again. By now her panties between her legs felt like she went swimming and her legs were all wet on the inside. When she opened the door she felt a waterfall coming up: she quickly went outside and shut the door so that no one could see. She was now wetting herself full-speed.

After 10 seconds she regained control, but there was already a big puddle and her socks and shoes were sopping wet. She walked to the toilet with haste and started peeing again, but by now her priority was to not be seen by any one. The waterfall returned while she was walking through the restroom doors. Once inside she just stood there and let it happen, careful that she would not wet her skirt. A large puddle formed right before the sinks. When she was finally peed out, she went into a stall. She had a plastic bag within her normal bag, which she used to put her shoes and socks in.

After that it was full, so she decided to keep on her panties. Then she realized what she had done and hoped no one had followed her, as there is a clear line of pee between the college room and the stall she was in. She felt really bad; now she’s had a day-time accident too, which she thought is even more shameful than a wet bed. She started crying a bit, hoping her old problems would not come back. Then she heard the door; it was Ashley, another student, saying “Jenny, where are you? Are you OK? Should I get spare clothes for you?”

“Oh no, she knows” Jenny thought. What was she going to do now?

“H-h-h how do you know?” she answered in a sobbing voice. “Well, there was a large wet spot where you sat, and the back of your skirt was obviously wet. Then, from the stairs on there was a trail of wet drops leading to two puddles, so it is pretty obvious” Ashley said. “Do more people know?”

“Most were watching you go outside, and saw your wet skirt and trail”

“Oh no, everybody will know within an hour, I am so ashamed!” Jenny said. “Don’t worry, everyone has an accident sometime. They will forget, I know that for a fact” said Ashley, trying to console Jenny. She remembered her own accident a year ago.

“Should I get you some clean clothes then?” Ashley asked. “If I hurry, you can still make the afternoon course”.

“No thanks”, answered the still sobbing Jenny, “I don’t want to see anyone right now, I’m too ashamed. I’ll skip this afternoon”.

*010*2012-05-28 01:57

So, I just finished chapter four and my personal re-read of chapter 3, so here is chapter 3 :)

I always want to keep 1 chapter between writing and posting. If I post directly, there is a chance I might make a major plot-mistake, as I almost did with this one. I am sorry you get to read everything a lot later than I finish it, but this way the quality is better. And sorry for the slow posting, but I don't have a lot of spare time.

And thank you so much for the positive posts, helps a lot in keeping me motivated.

Chapter 3: The Clash

Jenny went back home bare-footed and with her soaked panties and skirt still on. She waited for a minute so she was sure everyone in the house would be gone when she arrived. She especially did not want to meet Kyra, she already had an accident in front of her, and she wouldn’t want Kyra to think of her as a girl who wets herself all the time. When she got inside, she went up to her room and immediately smelled more urine. “Oh no, that is probably my bed” she thought. She pulled the sheets away and saw a still rather wet spot with a yellow circle around it. It smelled clearly of urine, but there was more persistent smell.

It could not only be her panties from that morning, so she walked over to Kyra’s bed and looked under it. To her surprise, she saw more than 1 shirt and a pair of panties there; there were also socks, another pair of panties, shorts and a pair of pants, also soaked with urine and rather fresh. “Kyra had another accident too! And it was in this room, there is a vague stain in the carpet there… Why did she not go to the toilet? She probably miscalculated her need for the toilet. You know what; to break the ice a little I’m going to wash her clothes too. They will be clean for her when they get back. Poor girl, maybe she has bladder issues too.”

She temporarily forgot about her own shame and how every single student she knew would know what she had done by now.

Then Jenny suddenly saw the strange thing about the clothes lying there. She recognized the pants Kyra wore this morning, but she only peed in them a little, not enough to wet your socks and get your underwear soaked like that, and the extra pair of shorts is also very strange. But Jenny thought of a plausible theory. “She probably wet herself a little in college or on the way back, and when she got home she first changed into a pair of shorts before going to the toilet because she wanted no one to see her like that, but she did not make it after she changed”.

It was a warm day and it felt like mid-summer, although it was almost fall, so after she had put both the girls’ clothes in the washing machine and folded some towels, which she recognized to be Kyra’s, she sat outside sunbathing while reading a book. She had put on another short, pleaded skirt so that her legs could get a lot of sun. This one was dark blue. She wore flip-flops as she liked to do that on warm days. The upper part of her body was only concealed by her strapless bikini top. While reading the book, she dozed off.

2 hours later, she was awoken by a girl who was shyly calling her name. “J-Jenny… Jenny… please wake up, Jenny”. It was Kyra. “Do you know who took my clothes from, you know, this morning?” She said, almost whispering. Jenny woke up, feeling a little pressure on her bladder again. “Yes, I thought you would appreciate it if I washed it for you. I had to wash my clothes anyway, so I put both our ‘accidents’ in the washing machine. It should be ready by now”. Kyra was in shock. Jenny would now know about her experiment, no doubt! “So you know about, ehm…”

“Yes, I know, but don’t worry. It was just an accident, no one else will know”, Jenny said. “Pfew”, Kyra thought, “She thinks I had another accident. It’s embarrassing but it’s better than peeing yourself on purpose”.

Kyra did not dare to say anything until they came to the washing machine. Jenny opened the door and gave Kyra her stuff, and then closed the door again. “Don’t you need your stuff”, Kyra asked her. Jenny got red and mumbled something about washing again. “That’s really bad for the environment, and it’s probably as clean as it will get now”, Kyra said. So Jenny decided to get her stuff anyway. When Kyra saw the clothes she got out, she was surprised; Jenny had a lot of clothes to wash, but in the washing machine only were the clothes Jenny had put on this morning after the incident with one pair of panties from her accident. “Hey, I thought you wore that this morning”. Jenny did not know what to say. “Well, I, ehm, I eh… sort off… you know… it happened to me too.”

“What happened?” Kyra asked. A tear started rolling down Jenny’s cheek. “In college today”, Jenny said. “It went on longer than expected and I drank more than I should have” she said, looking down. Another tear. “I tried to hold it in, but it just took too long. I peed myself completely before I reached the toilet, and probably everybody knows…”

Kyra felt bad for her. “It’s just like my accidents today, it can happen to anyone”.

“Yeah, I know, but I did it in college today, everyone could have seen it”.

“Maybe nobody will tell,” Kyra tried to console her, “At least I won’t tell anyone about your wet bed last night”. ”“You know? How?” Jenny asked, taken aback. “I need to get better at stuff like this” Kyra thought. “Well, you can smell it pretty clearly when you get in the room”, she said. Of course, Jenny had forgotten in all the commotion of today; she needed to clean her bed too!

As she was cleaning, another urge hit her; she remembered the need to pee when she woke up, but decided she could first clean her bed, and after everything would be in the washing machine, she could go to the toilet. She was right about that; she got pretty desperate, but when she put her sheets in the machine, she was still dry. Now, she could relieve herself again. At least she would not pee herself this time.

When the bathroom got in sight however, her need increased rapidly. It was locked! She felt a small spurt escape. “Oh no, not again!” she thought. The door swung open and her housemate Liam was there. She almost ran over him and locked the door again, when she felt another spurt dampening her panties and thighs. She got over to the toilet while still peeing slowly. She got her panties down and continued peeing on the toilet. Then she saw her white panties, wet and see-through; she had peed her panties again. At least most of it got in the toilet and no one knew this time. She cleaned up the drops she had left behind on the floor and decided to keep her panties on. “There is less chance any one will notice if she would let it dry first,” she thought.

When Jenny was ready and opened the door again, Kyra stormed in suddenly, shot straight to the toilet, put her pants and panties down just enough and sat down, peeing immediately. “Pfew, almost had another accident”, she said.

It was time for dinner. There were 7 students living in the house, 4 girls and 3 boys, and they always ate together. As always, they had a nice time together since they had all grown to be friends. Suddenly Cindy, a 20 year old girl, dropped the bomb. “So, I heard you had a little problem today, Jenny”. She said. Normally she and Jenny would have the same afternoon course. Everything went quiet, as everyone knew about the incident but did not dare to say anything. “I did not see you this afternoon”. Kyra went red again and said “Well, I just made a little… miscalculation”, while she felt tears welling up again, but could just hold them back. “Maybe you should consider diapers”, Liam tried to joke. “You were pretty desperate before dinner too”. That did it for Jenny. She could not hold her tears back anymore. She wanted to get away from here and ran to her room crying. “That’s not funny!” Kyra said. “Do you know how bad she feels about her accident?”

Later that evening, after she had put her sheets back over her still stained mattress and felt somewhat better, Jenny came back down to watch some TV. Her housemates had agreed not to talk about the accident any more. Cindy, Kyra, Dennis and Victor were already watching TV. After a while, as always, they were talking and laughing with each other more than watching TV. Dennis was trying to get close with Jenny, as he always did. It was obvious he had a crush on her. This eventually resulted in Dennis leaning over Jenny, tickling her, while she screamed: “Stop it! I can’t stand it!” Secretly, she enjoyed the attention but for now she did not see more than a friend in him. Jenny was moving around over the couch trying to make him stop tickling her. “Get a room”, Victor said, but it was ignored.

Jenny did not realize that all that moving around in a short skirt would give Dennis a great view beneath it. After he had seen it a few times, he was sure that what he saw was true. “I hope you did change yourself after your incident today” he whispered. “Off course”, Jenny whispered, “I would not walk around in those clothes all day!”

“Then how come your panties have a yellow stain?”

Jenny was shocked. She totally forgot about her panties! She had wet them just before dinner so they were still damp, probably still see through. That explains the bulge Dennis had for the last few minutes. She had given him a good view of her privates. There was a sudden awkward silence between the two. The first noise made came from Jenny. “I think I’ll go get ready for bed” she said shyly. She realized she just admitted to having wet herself twice in one day to Dennis.

Jenny showered, got in a clean pair of pink panties and a long white shirt and went to her, just cleaned, bed. Kyra got to bed a few minutes late after getting in a red pair of panties and a black normal-sized shirt. They dreamed about all that had happened this day.

After a while, Kyra was dreaming about the part where she wet herself on purpose. She dreamt about how satisfactory it had felt and how she would have to do it again, no matter what anyone else would think. She was at her parents’ home, where she had lived for the last 18 years. She sat in her room doing homework. She needed to go to the toilet rather badly and got up. “Ah, what the heck, I’ll just sit back down”, she thought, ‘then I won’t have to do the effort of going to the toilet’.

Immediately after she sat down again, she started peeing and immediately felt wetness between her legs, spreading to her butt. It soaked the summer dress she was wearing. Her chair got very, very wet. Then she felt is spreading towards her knees and her lower back. She wondered ‘How can it get to my lower back if I sit up?’ After that, she felt wetness all around her. She was waking up, still peeing.

Her panties and shirt were already soaked, and the pee had already spread all around her, but she still could not keep her bladder from emptying! Then she heard a hard, splattering sound. Her mattress was now soaked and her pee was going through it. What a disaster! She started crying. Of course, Jenny woke up from the noise and immediately recognized what was happening. “Kyra, are you wetting the bed?” The only reaction she got was sobbing. She got over to Kyra’s bed and saw how big her situation was; her mattress was completely soaked! “Come on, I’ll help you clean up” she said, trying to help Kyra.

Kyra got out of bed. When she saw what she had done to her mattress and her clothes she started crying more: only a small part of her panties was not dark-red now. Her shirt was soaked even till way up her back. It was lucky she did not put on a bra, because even that would have been soaked. “Let me get you a glass of water to help you calm down”, Jenny said. Kyra nodded, and Jenny left the room.

Kyra started thinking about how this could have happened, and remembered her dream and how good it felt. She suddenly started to feel aroused again, and confused the more. Apparently she really liked to wet herself, and this normally shy girl started touching herself in the middle of the room through her now dark red panties. She normally only dared to touch herself when she was at her parents’ home, under the shower and there was nobody else home. She just could not stop it, and she did not last long; she was still enjoying the memory of her dream and the waking up in a hot, wet bed while still emptying her bladder a little too much, and she moaned loudly when she came.

When Jenny came back, Kyra was still breathing heavily from her orgasm. As quickly and smoothly as she could, she faked crying. Jenny bought it, and handed Kyra her water. “It’s ok, I used to have bladder problems too, you can get over it”, she said. “But I don’t have bladder problems! Before yesterday I had never wet myself! Besides, don’t you still have problems?” Jenny was stunned with this answer, and the fact that Kyra suddenly stopped crying. “I, I, ehm, I do sometimes still have difficulties holding it in, but normally I don’t wet myself, I swear!”, tears starting to form in her eyes.

“I’m sorry,” Kyra said, “that was rude. I am just a little bit frustrated because don’t know what’s going on with my body. Since my accident yesterday morning I seem to suddenly have trouble getting to the toilet in time, and I don’t know why” she lied. She was very ashamed about what she did before Jenny came back, and did not want this to sexually arouse her. She could not believe what she was doing. She already wet herself 2 times now because of that, and she could not live on like this. She has to get it under control, or she will be wetting herself for the rest of her life.

“Well, if you keep having trouble, I know some great therapists who helped me a lot” Jenny said. “Thanks” was all Kyra could answer. She wanted this to be over. No more talking about accidents. Maybe that was the solution.

After the girls cleaned up Kyra’s bed together, there were still a few hours of sleep left. Jenny happily went back to bed, while Kyra did not have that option, as her mattress was drying by the window and all the sheets were in the washing machine. As her pillow was still there, she used that and slept on the floor in just a pair of clean, white panties. Luckily, tomorrow is Saturday.

*017*2012-06-10 02:33

Just wrote a new chapter to the story and revised this one, so here it is. I've made the conversations a little bit clearer by adding some enters.

Oh, and as I'm starting to add other characters with a bigger role from this chapter on; I'm writing everything from the perception of Kyra or Jenny.

I hope you enjoy this!

Chapter four: A day in the life of Kyra

When she awoke on Monday morning, Kyra realized she was late for college. She decided not to wake Jenny, as for all she knew, she had the morning off. She quickly dressed in a pair of green shorts and a black top, ate some quick breakfast and went to college, happy she did not need the toilet, as she had already peed a few hours before.

On her way there she saw Shannon, one of her few first friends from her first week of university, apparently late too. She met up with her. She was a good looking girl, about as long as Kyra, with straight brown hair down to her shoulders. She wore 3/4th jeans with a tight white shirt.

“Hi Kyra,” Shannon said, “Do you think we could still join in?”

“I hope so,” Kyra said, “I have always been on time so far.”

She saw Shannon was walking a little bit strange, as if she needed to pee. “Is there something wrong?” Kyra asked. “Well, I did not have time to use the bathroom this morning, and I am started to feel that. I hope I can make it till the first coffee break.” Kyra did not know what to say, thinking of her recent activities on this topic. Was she serious? When they got to their morning college, it became clear it would be no problem to get in late. Nobody cared, and the lecturer barely noticed it. They quickly got 2 seats and started listening.

Kyra wanted to pay attention, but could not help thinking about her so-called accidents and noticing the movements of the girl next to her. With about 20 minutes to go to their first break, Shannon was fidgeting, keeping her hand between her legs constantly.

“Do you think it is possible to get out before the break?” She whispered to Kyra.

“I don’t know, but it would be strange as we already came in late, why?”

“I am really getting desperate, but I think I’ll try to wait.”

When the final slide before the break finally came, Kyra could tell Shannon was bursting. She was constantly moving her legs and holding herself quite tightly with both hands. As soon as the coffee break started, Shannon sprang up and tried to get out of the room, but first Kyra had to get out of the way.

“Shoo! I need to go now!” she almost screamed.

Kyra got out of her way, but followed her closely. Purely out of interest of course, she wanted to know what to do if she ever got in the same situation. At least that’s what she told herself. Secretly she was wondering if Kyra would make it.

As Shannon could only walk at half-pace with one hand buried in her crotch, it was not very hard following her.

“Are you alright?” Kyra asked when Shannon suddenly started to slow down.

“No, I think I’m going to lose it, please help me!”

“Come on, the bathrooms are not that far from here, you can make it.”

Kyra dragged Shannon along, as Shannon could not move on her own anymore. She dragged her out of the room and 10 meters down the hall into the bathroom, when she turned around and saw with shock what was happening; Shannon’s head was almost as red as a tomato, and on her jeans between her legs wet streaks were growing, already almost down to her knees. As Kyra watched, she saw Shannon’s crotch rapidly grow dark and wet and soon there was a waterfall between her legs. The streaks were replaced with streams, and where here pants’ legs ended they divided in rivers running straight to the ground and some travelling along to her ankles and in her shoes. Tears were running down her cheek as she was peeing herself full-force.

“Oh nooooo” she cried.

When it all ended, her pants were soaked on the inside, a little towards the front and equally towards the back. The legs were still dripping pee, here shoes and socks were soaked and there was a huge puddle on the ground.

Kyra watched in awe as it all happened, and felt some sort of twinge in her own private parts. She could not believe what just happened, and what was happening in her own body. She had a strong urge to touch herself, and watching Shannon’s accident made her need - and want - to pee too. She quickly moved into a stall and said “I’m sorry, but I really have to go now too”.

Inside the stall, she immediately put her hand between her legs to massage her private parts, and felt some dampness there, probably from sweat. She was thinking of peeing herself too and almost came in the process, but then she felt a big spurt of pee escape. She realized everyone would see what had happened, so she quickly put her white panties and green shorts down, and emptied her bladder on the toilet, and was so aroused she had a massive orgasm directly afterwards. After this she inspected the damage; the pee had landed in her panties alright, and even the crotch of her shorts was visibly wet. How could this have happened? She did not need the toilet before she saw Shannon have an accident!

She got out of the toilet, red faced, and saw Shannon still crying in the middle of the bathroom.

“At least we both did not make it” Shannon said.

“Oh god, is it that obvious?” Kyra replied.

She checked herself in the mirror and there it was; a clear stain in her crotch, no chance of hiding it on green shorts.

“I can’t believe this!”

“I can,” Shannon said, “I realized I was going to have an accident when I was still in class. I was just hoping I could have made it a little longer so no-one would have seen it. I was already peeing slowly when I got up to get out of the room, so I’m quite sure a lot of people have seen my first leaks. But how come you did not make it?”

“I don’t know, I think it was just too much to see you having an accident, it just started coming out” she said, obviously not wanting to tell her the complete truth.

“Well, maybe if you try to dry it some more, people won’t notice so we can go back to class”, Shannon said.

“What, are you going back in those pants?” Kyra said. “No, of course not, but I always bring some spare clothes. It will be obvious I changed, but people will already know I had an accident anyway.”

“So you have an extra set of clothing with you for when you have an accident?” Kyra asked.

“Well, as a little girl I had a problem with going to the bathroom on time, and since then I always have some spare clothes with me, just to be sure” Shannon answered.

Kyra still thought it was rather strange to do this, but she did not ask further.

As Shannon got her soaked shoes and socks off, after which she put down her wet pants, she revealed what was beneath it; a pair of light blue panties, that were now wet and see through in the lower, more intimate, half. She was far from shy, in contrast to Kyra, as she just took them off too. Now naked to the waist down, she got a pair of white panties and a short black skirt out of a plastic bag, as well as some thin ballet shoes. After putting her dirty clothes in the plastic bag, she made sure she got away from the puddle before putting her clean clothes on. Kyra taken aback by this behavior; she would never dare to behave this way.

“Please don’t tell anyone I had a little accident too” Kyra begged Shannon, while trying to dry her shorts.

“Don’t worry, that secret is safe with me” Shannon said.

They went on the rest of the morning course giggling as little as possible, getting remarks about Shannon’s accident and drinking water because it was a hot sunny day.

After the morning course, Kyra and Shannon had the afternoon off, and they decided that, after they had dropped off their dirty clothing at home, they would go shopping together in their new home city. Kyra had put on a grey pleaded skirt with a pink pair of panties underneath it. Shannon was still wearing her spare clothing. When they met up, first thing Shannon said was that she needed the toilet again, since she drank a lot of water since the last time she went, and Kyra admitted she had to go again too. However, it was not that urgent so they decided to visit just one store before they went to find a bathroom.

“Argh, why does this store have a fountain in the middle, now I really need to go” Kyra thought.

“But let me first try on these cute shorts”.

Unfortunately, the fountain increased her need to pee faster and faster, and she found herself fighting her bladder a little as she was putting the shorts on, but she could manage without a problem. When she went out of the fitting room to check how cute it actually was, 2 kids started playing with the water of the fountain, disrupting the flow and splashing a little water on Kyra’s arm. Suddenly she felt her bladder muscles contract and a spurt escape.

“Oh no, not now! I haven’t bought these clothes yet” she thought, and hurried back into the fitting room as she slowly felt some more dribbling in her panties.

As she closed the curtain a little too quickly, she felt another big spurt escape. The curtain flew open on the other side now as it got warmer and warmer between her legs. She closed the curtain again and made sure it was closed this time, while she heard the first drops falling on the floor. After that she felt the dam burst. The clear, hissing sound she heard confirmed this; her bladder muscles had given up. She yanked the shorts down and squatted right there. Relief followed, as she peed forcibly through her pink panties onto the rug beneath her.

“What just happened?” she thought. “My wetting earlier today could have been prevented and would normally not have happened, but this is a real accident, is my bladder getting weaker?”

Then she looked down at her mess, and saw to her horror how much she damaged the non-purchased item; it was completely soaked between the legs and to the back. Her pink panties were obviously soaked as she had not removed them, and there was a big puddle on the ground; how was she going to get away with this? After that she heard a familiar voice:

“Kyra, can you hurry, I really need the toilet now, let’s get going!”

Kyra thought quickly, and put the pair of shorts on the floor next to the puddle, got her grey skirt back on and stormed out, closing the curtain behind her to make sure it took a while before anyone found out.

“Yeah, let’s go” she said.

Outside the shop, Kyra told Shannon shamefully what had happened inside.

“Please don’t say anything about peeing, or I won’t make it either,” was all Shannon could answer.

“Do you know where the nearest public bathroom is around her?”

As both girls were new to the city, they had no idea where to look. Crisscrossing the city, Shannon suddenly doubled over.

“Fuck, I peed a little, but I’m under control, but I need a bathroom within 5 minutes.”

After she said this, the girls saw a younger girl, probably 13 years old, wearing a black skirt with white tights, yelling at her mom;

“I need to pee NOW, anywhere!”

“Sorry honey, but only restaurants and café’s have toilets here, and you have to order something there so you have to wait until we’re home” her mother replied.

“But I can’t hold it anymore,” she said, as she spread her legs.

Tears formed in her eyes and her face went red. Then suddenly a waterfall started, and a thick stream could be seen falling from under her skirt straight onto the ground, and the girl started crying loudly as the wetness spread through her tights towards her shoes. After seeing this, Shannon could not hold it anymore. She tried to get out of the main street, and ran into an alley where she stood still, peeing right through her panties. Kyra came up to her, and she saw the resemblance with the little girl on the street just 10 meters from there; she saw a girl standing with a straight stream of pee falling right from under her skirt, only she was 5 years older and not wearing tights, and there was a trail of pee leading to her.

“Let’s get out of here” was the first thing Shannon said, sobbing lightly, “the bus station is over there, so we don’t have to go back to the main street.”

They decided to go home to Kyra’s together. The bus ride was quiet as both girls were really embarrassed. They did not dare to talk. When they got home, Kyra gave Shannon a clean pair of black panties and a dark green skirt, and changed herself to another pink pair of panties with a pink pair of shorts over it. She washed both girls’ panties and skirts (as they both had not thought of protecting their skirts while sitting down on the bus ride) together with her other pair of panties and shorts from earlier that afternoon. She would not soon forget this day, be it because of the shame or because she has never before felt so good in her life.

*019*2012-06-10 23:17

I have several plans for her, not quite sure yet what I'm going to do with it. But for next chapter, nothing will happen with her. If you look at the title of last chapter it's pretty obvious what that one is going to be :)

*022*2012-07-15 02:52

I haven't written anything for this story lately, and I decided to post the last part I already did. I hope I will continue soon.

Chapter five: A day in the life of Jenny

Jenny woke up with shock; she had overslept horribly! Her morning college had started over half an hour ago! She jumped out of bed, put on a blue pleaded skirt and white top and a pair of white socks and got her books from her desk. She stumbled a bit, and knocked over a chair. She was obviously still half sleeping as she walked out of her room and down the stairs. While drinking some liquid breakfast, she realized she forgot something; a spurt of pee passed her urethra into her panties, without warning. After that moment she suddenly felt how bad she had to pee, as another spurt escaped.

She quickly put her glass away in order to hold herself, but the glass fell over and she was still too tired to hold her pee back; she barely felt herself losing control, but when she felt something wet dribbling down her legs faster and faster onto her socks and the floor, she knew what was happening. The dribbling went into a stream falling right through her panties. She started to feel the warm sensation between her legs she recognized clearly from her many encounters years ago. She could do nothing but stand there as it happened. Her socks got completely soaked and there was a huge puddle in the middle of the kitchen; she had wet herself, out of the blue. The part of her that was still asleep before had now woken up too; she saw what had happened and realized her stupidity from before as she had not kept to her own rule; ALWAYS use the bathroom as soon as you wake up!

There she stood, in a puddle in the middle of a kitchen shared with 6 other university students, where she had just wet herself like she was a girl in elementary school or, in her case, high school. She heard some noise from the stairs;

“Oh no, someone is coming” she thought.

She panicked, did not know what to do and ended up staying in the same place. The door swung open, and she saw a blonde girl in a pink top and white shorts walking in; her 20 year old housemate Cindy.

“Hey good morning, just woke up?” Cindy asked.

“W – w – why?” Jenny asked.

“Your hair is a mess, and you obviously spilled your breakfast” Cindy answered. “And,” she added, “always wear a bra under a white top.”

Jenny did not know what to say, and felt tears welling up; she started to cry a little.

“Hey, it’s not that bad” Cindy said, while walking around the big table between the two, “you can easily fix this in a few m- oh, I see” she said, as she noticed the puddle she was standing in.

“You wet yourself again? What is wrong with you! Are you doing this on purpose or are you secretly still a little child?”

Jenny started to sob and walked past Cindy as quickly as she could, leaving a trail of wet footsteps. She could not stop herself from crying and was too ashamed to see anyone.

“Jen, wait, I’m sorry, that was mean” Cindy tried, “don’t be mad!”

But Jenny walked right back up the stairs to her room, and was not planning on coming out anymore.

In her room she inspected the damage in front of her mirror; her grey panties were obviously soaked, but luckily the skirt she had put on in her haste was a rather short one, and it had stayed dry. She put her panties and socks in her washing bin, and sprung in her bed, crying and not trying to go to college anymore.

Not long after, there was a knock on the door.

“Can I come in please?” It was Cindy.

“Depends on what you want to say” Jenny said.

“I want to apologize, is that OK? I can say insensible things when I just woke up. I also cleaned up for you”

“Alright, come in”

After apologizing and talking about the cause of Jenny’s accident, Cindy felt really bad for her and decided she wanted to cheer her up. “Let’s go and get some ice cream and watch a movie together” she suggested. They agreed to skip college for today and take the bus to the city center to buy ice cream, but first Jenny put on a beautiful summer dress with flowers on it, with a clean pair of blue panties and no bra.

While searching for the perfect flavor Jen and Berrys*, Jenny noticed Cindy having trouble standing still.

“Could it be?” she thought, “Maybe I know the right punishment for calling me a little kid.”

She realized however it would probably not work, so she put the idea off her mind. She went over to the counter and tried to pay, but Cindy insisted on paying.

On the bus ride back home Cindy brought on the topic of Dennis.

“Hey, is there ever going to happen anything between you and Dennis?”

“I don’t know” Jenny said, thinking of the last time she spoke him. He knew she wet herself more than one time that day. What would he think of her, a girl who wets her panties and then walks around in them all day? He probably would not even like her anymore, so she tried to be evasive.

“I think, for the moment, I don’t see him as more than a friend actually” she said.

“For the moment, so you think that might change?”

“You can never know what the future brings, but for now nothing will happen anytime soon.”

“Let me know when your ‘soon’ ends” Cindy said, as she shifted her legs again.

The rest of the ride they talked about some basic stuff like how nice the weather is lately, and Cindy moved her legs every once in a while, but by the end of the journey she was constantly moving at least one of her legs, and she momentarily held herself. Jenny thought of her plan from earlier again, but she still did not think much of it.

“She will make it home and probably go to the toilet immediately, and I can’t stop that.”

Once home Cindy did not go to the toilet directly, but she started browsing movies to watch on her computer** and after a while she suggested a mediocre romantic comedy. “Perfect for eating ice cream” she said.

Cindy looked like she needed the toilet more and more, and after making sure everything was set up perfectly for a day of doing nothing constructive Jenny saw her make an attempt to go to the bathroom. She saw a small chance and acted immediately:

“And you, is there a boy you like?” she asked.

Cindy hesitated for a moment, probably because she wanted to go to the toilet, but Jenny saw her chance.

“Ha, you hesitated! Hesitation means yes, right? Tell me all about him! Or her, if you prefer it that way.”

“Nah, it’s nothing” Cindy said.

“It’s obviously something, and now you are obliged to tell me! Do I know this person?”

“Alright. Yes, you know him” Cindy admitted, while she sat herself on the couch next to Jenny. She pulled her legs up and put a blanket over her body, although it was too hot for that.

“Hmm… let me think… first question; does he live here?”

Immediately Cindy’s face grew red, and Jenny knew enough. Meanwhile, one of Cindy’s hands disappeared beneath the blanket to a suspicious place. She just used the blanket so she could hold herself secretly.

“Is it Liam?”

“No”

“Victor?”

Again, Cindy merely blushed.

“It’s Victor! Does he know? Does he like you?”

“I don’t know, I only recently have feelings for him” Cindy answered. She shifted a bit under her blanket, and her lower body was constantly moving up and down as discreetly as she could.

“Do you know what will work? Watching a romantic comedy now!” Jenny said, while she started the movie. She got the ice cream and 2 spoons, put the ice cream between them and gave Cindy one of the spoons. She saw how reluctant Cindy was to stay put, but she did not say anything.

“If she has to go, she can say that herself” Jenny thought.

Half an hour in the movie, Cindy let out a little moan and Jenny looked over to her. She saw her now obviously holding herself with both hands and constantly moving her legs.

“I’m sorry, but could we pause the movie for a moment?” Cindy asked.

“Why? I rather watch movies in one piece” Jenny said.

“Well, I need a … ” she hesitated, “stop.”

“Why would you need that?” Jenny said, knowing perfectly well what she meant.

“I need the bathroom, ok! And I need it badly!” she answered panicky, “Isn’t that obvious? I am losing control!”

“Alright, I’ll stop the movie for you” Jenny said, sounding annoyed, but she was happy. Her plan seemed to work.

Cindy got up and started walking as fast as she could, which wasn’t very fast. Jenny paused the movie and followed her a moment after, to see what would happen but first she checked the couch; there was a small wet spot on it, but it could still be from sweat.

When Cindy came to the bathroom door, her whole body tensed a bit more. Then Jenny could see panic in her eye; the bathroom was in use!

“Please hurry, it’s an emergency!” Cindy said.

Jenny noticed Cindy’s shorts were already wet. So she spoke the truth when she said she was losing control! Between her legs, her loose shorts were see-through and you could see she wore a pair of white panties beneath it.

“Might take a while” a familiar male voice answered.

“Oh no, it’s Victor” Cindy whispered, “and I can’t hold it anymore, I have to go now.” Her eyes were welling up with tears. There were drops of pee rolling down her legs. She was slowly but constantly peeing herself now.

“Maybe you can make it to the yard” Jenny said as quiet as she could, feeling bad for her if Victor should see her like this.

“And pee in the yard? That’s gross!”

“At least you won’t wet yourself,” Jenny said, still whispering.

Tears started rolling down Cindy’s cheek, and with a small, high-pitched voice she said “it’s too late for that.”

Jenny looked down, and saw Cindy giving up. She removed her hands from her private parts and her legs were shaking. Almost immediately the see-through part of her shorts started to expand and her bladder exploded in her panties. A big waterfall emerged from the right leg of her shorts. She continued to pee like this for maybe half a minute, after which the stream slowed down.

“I should have gone to the toilet this morning” Cindy cried.

“Woa, was this the first time you peed today? I thought, especially after seeing me you would’ve gone to the toilet.”

“Every time I had the chance I thought I could hold it a little longer, and in the end I did not want to say anything during the movie” she explained, still crying.

“Come on, it doesn’t matter, it can happen to anyone. Just take a shower, and then you will be clean again. I will clean up for you here like you did for me this morning.”

When Cindy went up to her room to find some fresh clothes, Jenny cleaned up as fast as she could; at least Victor did not notice it when he came out of the toilet a minute later, though he must have heard her peeing.

“Hopefully he will not think badly of her now, that would partly be my fault,” Jenny thought.

Later in the afternoon, when everything was sorted out, they watched the rest of the movie in silence. By the end however, Jenny had fallen asleep because of the silence and because the movie was really boring. In her dreams, she relived a time when she was 14 and she wet herself in class. She was not allowed to go because it was the first class after recess and the teacher had the opinion she could have used the toilet easily and thought she wanted to get out of class. She stayed in the classroom until there was a little bit of wetness between her legs that was spreading towards her butt. When she felt that, she got up and ran to the toilet, but she was too late anyway; she peed herself completely while running out of the room and made a trail of pee towards the bathroom. In the bathroom she stood crying, and from the stalls someone called her name.

“Jen, stop it! Hold it in!”

“Who are you?” Jenny asked.

“I’m Cindy, wake up!”

Suddenly she realized: she was watching a movie before!

When she woke up, she was still peeing. She sprang up, but the peeing did not stop. The back of her dress was completely soaked and clenched to her butt and lower back, while she still stood peeing in front of the couch. Then she saw the worst consequence; the couch was drenched in her pee where she sat! There was a puddle slowly descending into the fabric.

“Jen, what have you done?” Cindy said.

“I, I… I was dreaming about a time I wet myself and…” she started crying. She had ruined the couch of the whole house! Everyone would find out about this! How was she going to handle this? Then she turned around and saw a girl she did not know in a white top with a dark green skirt she recognized to be Kyra’s staring at her with big eyes. Behind her Kyra appeared in the door opening wearing a black top with a pink pair of shorts, saw what had happened and after a few moments of confusion she pulled the other girl away, leaving Jenny even more ashamed.

* Product names not based on real products. Any similarity with existing brands is completely coincidental.

** I do not promote piracy in any way. There were no films downloaded illegally in order to produce this story.

