Abby and Jenna in Omoria Plains

Author: tdriver4477

*000*2021-07-31 05:16

===== CHAPTER 1: A NEW BEGINNING (ABBY) =====

It was exciting, moving to a new town, away from the hustle and bustle of the city. I felt the cool wind through my hair, and the hot sun on my face as I stuck my head out of the car window. I saw a beautiful landscape, green trees with a few leaves just starting to turn brown, and the sky so blue it hurt to look at. The whole town of Omoria Plains was like this, I knew from my previous visit.

"Abigail, get your head back in the car!" my Mum yelled at me. "Surely by the age of 23 you have grown out of that." She said, and I could tell she was smiling. It was nice of her to drive me from the airport, and I would miss her a lot, I knew. We talked about many things on the three hour drive to my apartment, and with a tearful hug goodbye, she drove back to the airport. I realised as she left that she should have stayed to use my new apartments toilet, as the three hour drive back didn't have any restrooms that I had noticed. The lack of restrooms bothered me a little on the trip, I was planning to point one out to my mum and ask to use it if the chance arose, but it hadn't.

Putting that out of my mind, I started unloading my things from the boot of my car and bringing them up the 3 flights of stairs to my small apartment. After I had finished dragging the last of my bags up, I surveyed my rooms. They were a little cramped looking, but I had prioritized location over luxury when purchasing. Omoria Plains was a vibrant, green, place which wasn't big enough to be a city but wasn't small enough to be boring. It was perfect for me, I thought as I started walking towards my bedroom, where the en suite with the bathroom was located. Just then, I heard someone drive up. I looked out the window and sure enough, it was my old friend Jenna. She was still driving the same beat up looking red Toyota, I noticed before I rushed down the stairs to meet her.

My mind was racing as I walked through the lobby to see her. I noticed something slightly off about the receptionist, but I didn't have time to think about it. Jenna was the most beautiful girl in the world, without a doubt, and also happened to be my ex girlfriend. We had broken up because she moved here and I had stayed in the city. In fact, one of the reasons I chose this place was because she lived here. I could go on all day about her perfect round boobs, nice ass and tight thighs, but for now I'll focus on her personality. She was loud and confident, the opposite of me, but they say opposites attract. My shy, quiet disposition was contrasted by her flashy hairstyle, quick tongue and easy charm.

We met in the lobby, and the first thing we did was hugged. Our embrace lasted a long time, before we disentangled and started chatting. While we caught up, I subtly looked at her figure. She was wearing a loose red crop top, and very tight looking black gym pants. The gym pants made her ass look amazing, and squeezed her belly so that it was flat. Before we left, Jenna called out to the receptionist "I'm here with Abby, I'm helping her move in" . The receptionist smiled, but the look in her eyes that was something like... sympathy? Once again, I noticed something off about the receptionist. She looked tense and slightly uncomfortable. "Have fun," she said, her voice slightly strained.

"So what made you choose to move to here?" asked Jenna, as we were walking up the stairs. I couldn't help but stare at her ass, it looked like she was clenching it, it was so nice in those pants. She saw me looking, and gave me a knowing smile as though she took that to be an answer.

I thought about it for a second and responded, "It's a lovely town, its close to the beach, and I had to get away from the city."

"What do you think about the culture here so far?" she responded. That was a weird question, I thought as I retorted back "it's still the United States isn't it? It can't be too different". In response to that she raised her eyebrow, and started smiling as though she was trying not to laugh. "I suppose", she said, and obviously trying to avoid the question quickly continued on talking about the weather.

Once we reached my apartment, I made some coffee for each of us and we kept chatting. I would have used the bathroom at this point, but talking with Jenna was too fun. We unpacked things and reminisced on the city, life in general and relationships for the next few hours. By then, it had turned to night, and the suggestion of Jenna staying in my apartment was in the air. I wasn't quite sure if it was taking things too fast to sleep together on my first day in town. Jenna, however, decided not to. After many goodbyes, and a very light kiss which left me more turned on than it should have, she was getting back to her car. I noticed as she was turning her car on that her leg was bouncing a little.

I realised suddenly that I still hadn't used the bathroom since leaving the airport 5 hours ago, and looking at Jenna's leg made me think she was also in need of a bathroom. "Would you like to use the bathroom before you go?" I asked politely. She immediately stopped bouncing her leg, and looked up at me. "I'll be fine" she said with a laugh, and then she quickly closed her very dirty car window. How weird, I though to myself. As I stepped back into the door to the lobby, I noticed that the receptionist was swaying from side to side slowly, bending over and clenching her teeth. If she looked a little uncomfortable before, now she was distressed. As soon as she saw me looking though, she stopped. She was standing very still now, but I had noticed her looking like she needed to go to the toilet, and badly, just before.

Sometimes in the city I had seen people desperate for a bathroom, but not often. They would hobble slowly, hands on their privates, looking as though they didn't have a care in the world except finding a bathroom. However the only two people I had seen so far in this town had both seemed to be a little desperate. Even more different was that they were trying not to let anyone notice. Just another difference between city and country, I supposed. I looked back at the receptionist.

She was tall, dark skinned and smiling as she looked back at me. Her figure was amazing, and as I glanced down to see her ass, I noticed her stomach was slightly bulging below her jeans. There was a chance she was in the early stages of pregnancy, but judging by her frantic actions before she had noticed me it was more likely she was bursting to pee. I decided to strike up a conversation to her, even though normally I would be nervous talking to pretty girls like her, because I wanted to know why she was so afraid of me spotting her pee dance. "Hi," I said meekly as I walked over to her desk. "What's your name?"

"Silvia." she replied energetically, "and you?"

"I'm called Abigail, but everyone calls me Abby. I know this might be a weird question, but would you like me to take over for a minute while you go to the bathroom? I noticed you bouncing around before and I know how annoying it is when you're stuck at a job and need to use a toilet." After I had awkwardly fumbled through saying my entire question, she just looked at me and chuckled.

"You're new to the town, from the city, aren't you?" She asked. I nodded my head, a bit confused by her question. "Ladies in this town aren't supposed to let that sort of thing get in the way of their life. I moved from the city a few years ago, and I know it might be a shock, but it's a better lifestyle, not getting distracted by silly things like going to the toilet every hour. It's very progressive". She looked proud as she said this, but at the same time she had started slowly rocking side to side again.

"Also, try not to mention it to other ladies. They might think you are calling them weak." I stared at her speechlessly for a few seconds, before she started talking again. "If you have nothing else to say, I'm quite busy with the annual report". I nodded my head, said a quick goodbye and walked back up to my room. I was still processing what she was saying, when I looked out of the window in my bedroom and saw faded graffiti on the opposite apartment block that said "girls dont pee".

I was surprised, to say the least, that there was such a stigma around girls using the bathroom in Omoria Plains. I had always been slightly annoyed, sure, when I was forced to pause a movie or leave a housework job half done because my bladder called me away to the toilet. But surely the uncomfortable, drawn-out urgency of holding on to your pee was worse. Sitting on my bed, I looked towards the shiny, tiled en suite next to my wardrobe. For the first time since I had relieved myself at the airport, I was fully aware of the situation of my bladder.

I wasn't dancing around desperately trying to hold it back, but it felt like a constant, uncomfortable ache, the sort that makes you think to yourself now would be a good time for relief. The marvelous effect of coffee. I stared at the inviting looking toilet bowl, and wondered to myself, why should I get up and use it? I still had more unpacking to do. I may as well try to fit in, I decided as I unzipped my case and started sorting through it...

===== CHAPTER 2: COOL, CALM AND COLLECTED (JENNA) =====

I need to pee, I thought to myself as I bit my lip, curled my toes and moved up and down in my seat. I looked down at my gym pants, and reluctantly conceded that I should probably pull them down a little soon. They were very restrictive on my full bladder. Talking to Abby earlier, I had even let a sign of my desperation show. Atl east I had done better than the receptionist, who was dancing around like a mad woman even though she only had the smallest of bladder bulges. Thinking of bladder bulges, I realised I was coming up to a red light. The pressure I felt on my small, overworked kegel muscles was almost too much now.

I reached down to pull my gym pants, which were completely flattening what had to be at least 1.5 letres of pee in my bladder, but was forced to reach down further to grab my pussy as hard as I could to stop a leak from coming out. I squirmed around frantically, trying to give any amount of strength I could. This situation of absolute desperation, almost wetting myself was very familiar experience by now after 3 years of living in Omoria. Just in time, I managed to pull down my pants, but I accidentally pulled them down past my vagina.

As soon as I had, my body gave of a shiver of sweet relief that it was finally free to expand. The size of the bulge protruding out from my lower abdomen would have shocked someone who wasn't used to my sort of lifestyle, and even some who lived in Omoria Plains. Usually I could last a full day without going to the bathroom, however having coffee at Abby's new apartment had pushed me to my limits.

=====

This story is unfinished, and won't be continued. If you would like to continue it, feel free to change whatever you want and take the plot wherever you want.

