The Strange World of Tyler Durdan (Not Fight Club)

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2014-12-26 21:43

This story was originally going to be a big epic. Wonderful characters, great storyline and an epic conclusion. Then I got high and thought "Fuck it. I do what I want". Instead of this being a rushed or half finished series, it's going to be one that I just add to whenever I feel like. It'll likely never end or it'll end suddenly. Whenever I get sick of it. It'll end. Don't be expecting a masterful plot or a spectacular read. This is just going to be a variety of strange shorts mostly filled with wetting...but also alot of comedy.

Prepare yourself to enter the deluded world...of Tyler Durdan.

Prologue

"Well. This is boring."

These words echoed throughout Heaven. All the angels and citizens of this higher dimension's ears peaked up at the sound of the lord almighty speaking. A single angel made his way towards his golden throne.

"What was that, my lord?"

"I'm bored as tits. Floods, earthquakes and shit are boring now. I need something new to do." The angel quickly grew concerned. Last time this happened he made Hitler. He had to think of something quickly before God made himself a new dictator. He looked around the golden throne and its surrounding bright cloud area. It stretched on for miles, touching the sun. It was beautiful. It was dreamlike. It was fucking dull.

"You think I should do another big flood?....maybe an ice age. Ain't done that in a while." The angel's eyes scanned the horizon. He needed something and now.

"Let us do something!" The angel screamed out.

"Eh?"

"Yes! Erm...if you do something then it won't be a surprise....but if me and the others do it....then you can try guess whats happening?" The angel's legs trembled. That was a stupid suggestion. So stupid it might work....and it actually did. Who knew? Hours later, the angels, male and female(Equal rights movement happened in heaven the preceding year) gathered in the meeting hall. The lead angel rose above the others.

"Brothers and sisters. I have a plan. I'm sure you've all heard of God's boredom. With Jesus in Argentina again he's got no one to mess with. Its up to us to do something. My plan is that we find the stupidest, douchiest, moronic,-"

"GET ON WITH IT, TWINKLE TOES!" Came a voice from the back of the crowd.

"Yes...thank you, Brother Gandhi. We're going to give a power to a human and let God watch him fuck up. Now. Maya and Mia, and throwing you to down to earth."

"WHAT? C'MON! THE LAST PERSON THEY SENT DOWN THERE GOT CRUCIFIED!" Maya screamed out.

"But he did get a cult or two" Mia reassured her sister. Mia and Maya were identical with the only way that you'd be able to tell these two blonde haired beauties apart is a golden name tag stapled to their heads.

"Look. Its either this or mass genocide. Just go find someone okay?" The lead angel has quickly grown tired of this shit. He was hungover and frankly, he just wanted to go down to hell for a strip poker game. Hopefully that little shit Stalin wouldn't cheat again.

"Okay brother, we'll go down tomorrow-" Mia had almost finished her sentence when suddenly the cloud opened up and dropped them down to earth.

This was going to be a long day.

Chapter 1

Gotta have Faith

The angels descended from the heavens and dropped towards the earth. Most astronomers will believe they are two comets passing by, some will think they are UFO's, most won't actually care because only nerds and weirdos give two messes about astronomy. As the two beautiful servants of God glided down to a small town in England, Tyler Durdan was in the shower. Tyler Durdan was singing George Michael in the shower. Tyler Durdan wouldn't want you to know this.

"The fuck was that?" A head suddenly shot out from behind the shower curtain. He looked to the left and to the right, trying to find the source of his intrusion. His eyes searched the room before settling right above him...wait. He's looking directly at me. Can he see me?

"Who the fuck are you?" He stepped out of the shower but left it on, wasting water. "Get down here you nonce."

"You can't see me. I'm The Narrator!"

"I can't see you, but I can bloody well hear you. Shut it. I'm trying to shower" With this he stepped back into the shower. The angels had seen the whole thing and they had found their idiot. Tyler didn't know what was coming. His life wo-

"I know whats coming because you just fucking told me!" He yelled as he drew back the shower curtain. Maya and Mia were stood directly infront of him. He looked at these two curvy, blonde angels with their long smooth legs and white dresses.

"Bit of a perv, aren't ye?" He said to nobody. Because he can't see me. "I get it, I get it...you two are pervs too."

"We are angels of the lord! You Tyler Durdan have been selected to-

"Tell me after my shower." He quickly close the curtain and went back to singing Faith.

Chapter 2

More plot

"So you're gonna grant me three wishes...shit, didn't I use this plot before?"

"Excuse me?"

"Nothin'"

The three were sat in the living room, sharing some toast and drinks. The two angels huddled together on the couch, surprised at the man's lack of caring. Tyler sat wearing wearing some jeans, and his legs wide open.

"We've been given permission by the Lord Almighty-

"You mean Kirito? Because he's got alot of power but-

"TO GIVE YOU THREE WISHES OF YOUR CHOICE" Maya was getting annoyed. They truely had found a douche, as was their intention, but they hadn't expected him to be this big of one! It was infuriating.

"Okay. I'm picking now, right?"

"Yes."

"Wish one. Unlimited weed."

"Seriously?" Mia questioned as she raised an eyebrow..she looks so cute when she does that.

"I'm gonna be the Walter White of weed. Minus the cancer...and baldness."

"Next?"

"Wish two. I can make anyone piss themselves just by saying it." Said Tyler with a smug grin...wait, what? Oh my god he's a pervert.

"Look who's talking, Narrator"

"Granted." Maya looked at her sister in confusion. Mia just shrugged. There was weirder wishes he could've made.

"Wish three, you two gotta stick around"

"....Fuck." Mia said as she slammed her her onto the table.

"Why would you do this?"

"Because two beautiful blonde girls in my home is a powerfult asset." He said with a cocky grin. Infact lets upgrade that to a shit eating grin. He then looked the girls up and down. "I wanna test these powers."

"Alright, are you going to call a friend over?" Mia asked as she laid out on the couch. She decided she may as well get comfortable if this was to be her new home. Maya had stood up and was now looking around at the walls. Pictures of various men, shirtless and otherwise were plastered on them. She bit her lip as-

"Look, can you do something about this narrator?...Like transfer the power to one of you two?" Tyler said, thought it was futile. You can't get rid of me. I'm god in this realm!

MIA

I quickly granted Tyler's wish. This narrator was given me a migraine too, despite this he was still not the biggest problem here. Being a prisoner in this home was going to be a test of dedication to my lord. For he has given me this task in order to test my and my sister's faith in him.

"Piss yourself" I suddenly felt my bladder give way and urine began to spray out onto the couch where I was sat. It pooled around my bottom and dripped back into the couch after it soaked through my dress. It began to flow off of the front of the couch and pooled at my feet. My cheeks instantly went bright red and my sister turned to look at me. She began to giggle quickly. The giggle grew to belly aching laughter. I looked to Tyler.

"Why'd you do that?!"

"I wanted to know if it'd work. And it did...you want me to even it out?" I nodded quickly. Ignoring my anger for him and aiming it at my sister we both turned to her as she laid on the floor laughing.

"Hey outta curiosity, do angels wear underwear, lass?" I replied that they didn't.

"Aight. What's your sisters, name?"

"Maya. I'm Mia."

"Hi Mia. Your sisters about to piss her dress. Maya, piss yourself."

Maya stopped laughing and looked him dead in the face, with wide eyes. From this angle we could see directly up her skirt as a stream emerged from her vagina and landed on her dress. It was only a short pee as the stream quickly shortened and began to dribble down her vagina. The stream died and she too went read in the face. Tyler stood up and walked to the door. Maya and I stood at the same time. I could feel the soggy dress as it clung to my behind.

"Right, ladies. I'm gonna go out, sell some weed. I'll get some moolah, come back then we're going shopping because it looks like you two didn't bring suitcases. I'm gonna figure you two know how to operate a shower as the good lord made EVERYTHING!"

"We don't know how to use it."

"What about the washing machine?" We both shook our heads. Tyler sighed and said "Aight then. Throw us your dresses and I'll chuck em in. Just turn the knobbly thing on the shower and punch the 3rd tile up nearest to the corner to turn it on."

We both removed our dresses and threw them to Tyler. It took us a few seconds to relies we were both naked in front of a human. He simply nodded and went down stairs. The front door opened and before he stepped out he yelled back; "Don't do that infront of the neighbours, aight? They'll think your porn stars or some shit. Just borrow some of my clothes for now!" And with that, the door slammed.

That's how I met Tyler Durdan.

The worst human life form on the planet.

*001*2014-12-26 23:08

1...Ouch.

*004*2015-01-01 02:01

Chapter 3

The Room

MIA

It had been a few days since we arrived in Tyler's home and...it actually wasn't too bad. Besides the occasional urine related incident and awkwardly having to meet Tyler's "Booty calls", we'd actually been having a very pleasant time. "Booty calls" as Tyler informed me were "Women or dudes who you call on for some bouncy fun time". Still unsure of the meaning of this, have to remember to use the google for it. The whole house is open to us except for a single room which Tyler refers to as "The magic room". We later found out why.

On this day me and Mia woke up in our bed only to find it soaked in urine. The urine came from around Maya and had soaked over to my side, causing my blue underwear to become soggy on the right side. Maya's "accident" (Later found to be caused by Tyler) had caused a large wet patch on the sheets and her pink underwear to be practically see through. I shook her awake. Her cheeks immediately went red upon realizing the source of the wetness. The next thing that she did was;

"Tyler you mother fucker!"

Tyler's head quickly appeared at the door.

"Sup ma ni-"

Tyler's greeting was interrupted by Maya's shoe meeting his face at terminal velocity.

"Stop testing your powers out on me!" Maya screamed at him.

He'd been using Maya mainly for testing his powers. This was her punishment for trying to get into the "Magic room". She'd been asking alot of questions and Tyler had been giving her the same response;

"Don't touch it please, your primitive intellect wouldn't understand alloys and compositions and things with... molecular structures."

I still have no idea what the hell he was talking about. After we had changed and we had made our way downstairs, we found Tyler making breakfast. He was, yet again, wearing no clothing.

"Why do you never wear anything while you're in the house?" Maya asked, her nose turned up at him.

"I figure since most of humanity has already seen my cock, I might as well make a start on the rest of the universe, innit?" Tyler replied as he flipped some bacon in a pan.

We all sat down to have breakfast and Maya, for the 8th time, tried to convince Tyler to get himself a new guinea pig. After Tyler asking for me to volunteer and Maya getting annoyed, he grabbed some jeans and a t shirt of the radiator. He put them on, grabbed his red jacket and "box of tricky shite" and left the house. He left this time every day to go to work and returned hours later. Usually me and Maya would just sit around watching the television but today Maya was determined to see the inside of the "Magic Room".

She had prepared a variety of ways to get in, invovling climbing out the window, picking the lock, breaking the door down and such. These were quickly ignored when I pointed out the door was locked from this side. After Maya had finished punching the wall in anger we made our way in. The room was dark with no windows and things were hanging from the ceiling. It was too dark to make anything proper out but we could make out a table with a variety of coloured tubes and some wooden sticks with hair put on the tip.

Maya stayed outside as I searched for the lightswitch. I eventually came across a lamp and located the switch quickly. I turned it on only to feel shock and fear run through my body. I tripped and sprawled out the room. Hanging from the ceiling was the severed head of a man and the severed head of a woman. Shocked expressions were on their faces, their bulging eyes stared at me as I surveyed the rest of the room. In a box marked "Unarmed enemies" was severed arms some having fallen out of the box and now laid on the floor.

The sight was so disturbing that I couldn't hold back my bladder and it voided itself. Pee sprayed out from my vagina and caused my underwear to suddenly become wet. It then spread down before bursting out and quickly pooling around my butt and further out. The yellow liquid ran towards the table as me and maya screamed in fear. I got to my feet and ran out of the room.

Later on, as I set in wet underwear and Maya sat terryfied, Tyler explained that it was all "Special effects" and "Models" and "that shit wasn't real and you both are fuckwits for thinking I'd leave a room full of dismembered body parts around like that. I'd throw them in the basement"

For helping Maya with this, I'd become Guniea pig number 2.

God help me.

*006*2015-01-06 22:11

Chapter 4

MIA

This morning I woke up to a strange banging noise. At first I thought Tyler was attempting to get into a Hulk Hogan esque shape using the Wiifit again but it couldn't be as there wasn't enough screaming of obsceneties at the virtual trainer. I rose from my bed and quickly went downstairs to the living room. I there found my sister, Maya, doing backflips in a pool of urine and Tyler sat crosslegged on the couch. She seemed to be asleep. I quickly stepped over to Tyler and nudged his leg.

"What are you doing?" I asked, the curiousity evident in my voice.

"Power testin'...apparently if I tell them to do something while they pee it'll happen" He replied non chalantly. "This is some wet note type shit..."

"So you're making her do backflips?...while she's asleep?"

"Yuuuup."

I looked at him in disbelief and cocked my head to the left. Who the hell does this kinda stuff? Why would you even think of this? I've seen some truely macabe things observing from earth but this really does take the cake.

"Oh my god!" Tyler yelled and stood up. This woke up Maya. "Can you stop whining about me in your thoughts?! I'll use my powers on someone else, okay?!"

As Maya sat in her puddle of pee looking around confused as to her prediciment, Tyler stood up and walked over to me. He put his arm around my shoulders and spoke:

"But you gotta help me pick someone out. I feel like I've been kinda harsh on you too and I honestly feel bad about it...well not for the backflip thing because that shit was funny."

"I was doing backflips?" Maya whispered to herself as Tyler grabbed his jacket. I reminded him that I infact, did not own any outside clothes. With this he ran to his room, grabbed a pair of his pants and a belt. I quickly changed and we left...

MAYA

Since when could I do backflips?

MIA

We walked down the streets of the town and admired the shapes of various ladies. I pointed out various ones that seemed attractive as Tyler nodded and gave them ratings on the "Silver dong scale", whatever that was. We came to agreement on a thin Asian girl. Tyler nodded happily when he spotted her;

"I dig Asian girls...even if the sounds they be making sound like a 10 year old boy." He said with a grin as he stood up, amused at his own comment.

"You're an embarressment to your whole race"

"Atleast I have proper bladder control, infact-"

"I'm wearing your pants remember."

"Touche" He said with a grin. He put his arm around me and we followed after the Asian girl. The bandage on his left hand brushed against my neck as he did so.

"Okay so how are we gonna do this?" I asked. For some reason I didn't mind him having his arm around me.

"I'm curious. I'd like to see if I can make her desperate first, I'll be back in a min" Tyler then quickly walked towards the girl as she began walking our way. He banging into her and quickly aplogised, giving her a smile as she said it was no problem. He walked back over to me and revealed he had taking her purse. "'Aya Lee', be back in a sec, I gotta return this"

He ran back to her telling her she'd dropped her wallet. She smiled and thanked him. We were quickly in position as Tyler uttered the words.

"Aya Lee, Get despeate and then piss yourself"

MAYA

Seriously! I've never done a backflip in my life, I've never even attempted one!

MIA

Aya suddenly began looking around. She was looking for a bathroom. She began to move faster, looking only in the doors of stores to check whether they had a toilet. Tyler watched with amusement and glee as she struggled to find anywhere. The desperation got stronger as she now began to squeeze her legs together every few steps. She was now moving less and less, so Tyler decided that we should sit on a bench to obvserve it easier. He put his arm around me and we began to watch. Aya was around 5"3 and had long black hair. She had a very cute face, with (This is from Tyler's careful observation) B sized breasts. Her clothes consisted of a purple skin tight top and a pair of light brown pants.

She was now getting increasingly nervous and seemed to almost be in tears as she struggled along the street, her hands placed firmly at her crotch. She was trying to keep her urine in. She suddenly winced. Tyler called this the tipping point. She was begining to pee herself. Upon closer inspection, her pants had a small wet patch on the back, covering the left part of buttocks. She was still in our sight when she finally lost control. She fell to her knees as urine began to leak out and streak down her legs, forming long rivers of urine down her legs. It dripped down onto the pavement and into her sandles as did the tears that began to stream down her face. She only looked at the ground embarressed as she peed. When she finished, she ran off down the street.

Me and Tyler stayed on the bench for a couple of mineutes as he "lost his halfie". He then turned to me and said;

"You wanna hang around here for awhile?"

"Sure"

And with that we-

MAYA

A fucking backflip! How! I just don't understand it, like...do people sleep backflip?

TYLER

Maya. Please cease your whining so Mia can end this fucking story and I can make some fucking dinner. Also pee yourself and do a front flip

MAYA

Ahhhh crap.

MIA

Thank you. And with that, we spent the rest of the day in town.

*008*2015-01-21 21:24

Chapter 5

MIA

"Where the hell are we going?"

Maya moaned this from behind us. We'd been walking now for a full hour. In heaven we don't really walk around we have wings so...lets just say we're out of shape. Tyler on the other hand was strolling along easily.

"Jeez girls, you want me to pick one of you lasses up or some shite?" He asked in a cocky manner, leaning on a lamp post.

"Yeah, pick me up." Maya ran over to him and jumped in the air. Tyler quickly caught her. We'd been trying to find this "high end resturant" that Tyler had been wanting to take us too. He finally has the time and he didn't mention that it was so far away. I can't-

TYLER

Right. She's moaning so I'm fucking taking over here for this shite. Since I'm a goddam Einstein I decided we needed a night out and (since I'm paying) we're going to my favourite place. Water Sports. Clever name, innit? Right so we're walking down the street and I'm now carrying Maya. On the downside she's heavier than she looks. On the upside I'm grabbing her butt. Angels have good butts...anywho. We've been walking for about 10 mineutes and they're already whining. Its shameful. Bet god's a fat fuck or some shit. See, unlike your faithful narrator who in no way would lie to you, these two lasses been talkin' shit. And since I can't implent the "Talk shit, get hit" rule (I'd only hit a woman in a situation where Batman would do the same), I instead have to come up with a differnt plan. Probably gonna make 'em both piss the bed or something.

Back in reality we're almost there. See if this was your run of the mill omo story, then the walk over would've been the desperation part but we're differnt. So Its gonna take place....shit I made them go before hand....I may have fucked up.

MIA

And we're back. Lets leave Tyler to mope on his mistakes. He generally did make us go before we left...not that we had any choice in the matter. He just stepped into the living room and yelled the words. I was laid on ,my side on the couch. I suddenly felt my crotch and the left side of my thigh getting warm as it started spraying out. I didn't even react. I just laid there and let it out. It pooled around my crotch and probably ruined my white panties, making them see through. Maya on the other hand tried vainly to run to the bathroom. She tripped and slid along the laminet flooring, ending up at Tyler's feet. The urine shot out of her blue panties and started to soak her blue dress that was laying around her. The puddle grew and Maya flopped to the ground in embaressment.

We enter the resturant and the first thing we smell is grease. What is this place?

Tyler turned to me and said "This is Watersports. Best burger place in England...and possibly Northen Ireland. I don't know, I've never been."

TYLER

I waved to the counter guy and took the anxious annoyed angels to my usual booth in the corner. Maya and Mia sat opposite me so they could stare me down. Probably admiring my face.

"So M&M. You ready for your first taste of the delicious artery clogging American food?" They won't know what hit 'em.

"Well. Since its our first I guess we'll have the same. The smallest burger" Mia said. Maya stared at her in disbelief. She then begun to blather on and I stopped paying attention to them when I noticed a red head staring at me from the corner of my eye. She was sat at a table with some baldheaded guy. Swear I fuckin' know her...

"Tyler my friend, the usual?" Frank, the own of water sports had come over to get our order. We get speciel treatment here since I helped out with an incident that holds no relevence to current events...okay some geezer was starting shit and I hit him with a traffic cone. Happy?

MIA

A small man of Asian descent asked Tyler for our orders. Tyler quicky replied with "The usual and the starter burgers for the lasses....Mind if I smoke, Frank"

"Go ahead my friend. It's not legal but...fuck the law. This is a pornographic story on the internet. Who the fuck needs logic?" With this Frank floated away and turned into a golden version of himself...how strange. Tyler instantly lit up his ciggerette. He lent closer to us.

"Okay, you two. There's some redhead staring at me and I don't know who it is. So what's gonna happen is this. I'm gonna start blowing smoke their way and you guys are gonna head to the bathroom when the guy comes over. Get me?" We both nodded and he begun his plan. Within minuetes the man turned around.

"Oi, Mate! You wanna blow that somewhere else?" He yelled, red in the face. Could be a bad suntan "Me and my girl don't want to catch cancer because of your stupidity."

"If you don't wanna catch cancer then stop breathing! Oxygen deprevity should fix all your problems, ya Bruce Willis mother fucker." Tyler called back. WIth this Mia and I made our way towards the bathroom. The red haired girl stepped in our way. She was a few inches taller than the two of us with

TYLER

C cup

MIA

C cup breasts. She wore a tight orange tshirt and white short shorts. She stood with her hand on her hips.

"Can we go in, please?" I asked in the most polite voice I could muster.

"No. Not until our men have had it out" I looked behind us and saw Tyler looking annoyed. Red haired girl was ruining everything. I suddenly had a plan. Using the message system me and Tyler agreed on, I signed at him that we needed her name.

TYLER

Mia is making weird hand signals at me and I don't know what it means..

MIA

...Looks like he's got it. "Who the fuck are you?" Maya yelled. Seems we're all in the same boat.

MAYA

I wanna send this girl Farmville requests. It'll help my turnips grow. ^.^

"Your little friend know who I am" She said pointing at Tyler.

"I'm 5"10 you little bitch! I don't even fucking know you." He said with a shrug.

"I'm Tessa....Tessa Wright? We dated for 3 years!...We broke up two months ago!"

"...Wait I thought you were a booty call?" She started screaming obscenitites and Tyler whispered something under his breathe.

Tessa suddenly stopped screaming and bent over, holding her stomach. As expected a wet spot suddenly appeared in her crotch and spread before streams started to go down her leg. She fell to her knees on the floor and bowed her head in embarressment. I suddenly heard a strange noise followed by a stranger smell...it took me a second to realise what was happening. I moved around and saw the back of her shorts slowly begin to expand. Tyler must've whispered something extra because this girl was pooping herself. She strained as a large log was pushed out into her shorts followed by a second one. She seemed to have finished when another stream of urine started.

While this was happening, Tyler had snuck over to the counter and grabbed our meals. He apologised to Frank and called us over. We left in a hurry to say the least, cackling as we ran down the street. We stopped to regain our breathe.

"Tyler....you're a genius" Maya said as she hugged Tyler. I quickly joined in.

"Good night then?"

We both nodded. It actually was a really good night. We got home, hung out and ate our burgers. Tyler then made the announcement that we were gonna start having a "Movie night" on Sundays....I don't think I've ever seen a movie before.

After the announcement I started looking through Tyler's movies. "Dawn of the Dead", "Alien", "Evil Dead", "Fight Club", "Ringu" and alot more strange titles were on them.

If only we knew what we were getting in to.

*013*2015-01-24 00:14

{{:

Hey, there's the redheads and messing. This continues to be awesome, thanks for adding that.

}}

The dude abides.

*014*2015-02-06 23:12

Chapter 6

TYLER

"Okay. Fill us in, dude. Who the hell is living in your house?"

"Well...me" I say this with my arms wresting on the back of my head.

"The blondes. C'mon. Fill me in" Steve messed around with the salt and pepper shakers in the centre of the table as rephrased his question. We were sat in some fancy ass resurant that I don't remember the name of. Steve was an old buddy of mine who I helped with a couple of movies. He's trying to rope me into a third one but we seem to have gotten off topic.

"Look man. We seem to have gotten off topic. Fill me in on this new movie."

"It's a horror pic-"

"Ofcourse. Why else would you come to me?"

"Duh. The basic plot is-

"Just tell me what I gotta make" I'm sick of this. I wanna go home and have our goddam mother fucking movie night. I like Steve an' all but...he's a bit of a wanker. Girls are gonna expect me back pretty soon. I know the girls will be missing me...they must be so bored.

MAYA

Naked Twister is the greatest discovery we've made on earth.

TYLER

So bored.

"I'm gonna need a couple of severed heads and a few custom rigs. Gonna get a bit complicated."

"I wouldn't agree to do it if I didn't have to try. Wouldn't be no fucking point."

"I'm just gonna give you a run through of the plot either way. I-"

Fuck this. I take a glance at my right hand and see the waitresses name. "Sue Andrews". I wait until she walks past us again before whispering " Sue Andrews, pee yourself....then give Tyler Durdan the reservations list."

I'm gonna have some fun with this.

MIA

The first thing we heard when Tyler got home was him screaming out.

"FUCKIN' MOOOOOOOOVIE NIGHT!"

We'd been waiting for this. This would be the very first REAL movie was saw. They have movies in heaven but its just stories from the bible on constant repeat. You can only see Jesus washing feet so many times before you get sick of it. Tyler gallopped up the stairs and jumped onto the couch. Right where I was sitting. His head landed directly in my lap.

"Suuuuuuuuuup."

"Are we gonna watch this movie or what?"

"Yup. Where's Maya at?" He asked as he sat up, Putting his arm around me.

"She's in the bathroom. Been in there for quite awhile"

"Did she fall asleep on the toilet again?" He stood up and walked to the bathroom door, leaning on it "Maya. Pee yourself and wake up."

The sound of her stream hitting the water was instantly heard followed quickly by her gasping, washing her hands and walking to the door. Tyler walked back to the couch and went back to his former postion. Maya walked out blushing. She took a seat next to Tyler.

"Fell asleep again?" he questioned, putting his head on her shoulder.

"Shut up" She shot back with a shy grin on her face . This had become our usual routine of constant teasing. It was actually alot of fun. Tyler stood up and moved infront of us.

"Okay then ladies. Time for you two to pick out a movie"

Our choice ended up being the worse we could have picked.

TYLER

HOLY SHIT! THEY PICKED HALLOWEEN! THIS IS GONNA BE HILARIOUS!

MAYA

Tyler thinks he's fooled us. Halloween has Mike Myers in it. Me and Mia know for a fact that he's a comedian!

MIA

Right from the start we knew we'd made a terrible choice. Maya hid behind a cushion and I clung to Tyler. This was really bad. I was terrified yet I couldn't turn away from the masked killer slowly chasing down and cornering the central character. I really had to go to the bathroom but I needed to see if he died. I needed to see him die. Maya looked like she was about to run from the room. Tyler just sat there grinning to himself. I was gonna make him regret this. I slowly started to move onto his lap as the killer was finally killed by the main character. He was stabbed in the eye by a coat hanger. It's a shame. I was actually moving onto Tyler's lap because I knew what was going to happen. I knew I was gonna wet myself in fear of this.

Suddenly he sat up. I jumped. I couldn't help it.

TYLER

I knew she was gonna pull this.

MIA

It started off with a quick jet soaked my underwear. It quickly became a dribble and the wetness spread up my butt and a small amount up my front before bursting through my panties and through my jeans. I felt it pooling in them before spraying through and all over TYler's leg. I quickly stood up when I realised how stupid what I was doing was. I looked down at myself and saw a wet patch fairly visible on my front.

You think I'd be used to this shit already.

NOTICE FROM AUTHOR

I'd like people to offer some suggestions on what to do. So feel free to suggest whatever.

