Desperation at the Movies

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-11-27 01:38

Just a quick story, and I thought I'd go for fiction rather than fanfiction this time.

Desperation at the Movies

Stephanie was a very attractive girl, 24 years of age, with long blonde hair. Today was a hot summer day so she was wearing a black tank top and a short, tight pair of jean shorts, with pink panties underneath.

She had drank a lot of water today, for she had several things to do today and was therefore outside a lot either in her yard or driving to the stores, in the summer heat.

Soon, the only thing left on her list was to watch a movie at 1:00.

She got her ticket at the theater, grabbed a bottle of coke, and picked a seat near the back. After commercials, the movie began. She really liked movies like these and had been looking forward to this one for weeks.

Until, half an hour in, she needed to pee. She hadn't used the bathroom since an hour before she left, and had been drinking lots of water. But, she didn't want to miss a second of this movie, so she decided to hold it. This wasn't the first time an urge to pee had hit, and she'd held it every time, though it usually came in the last third or quarter of the movie.

An hour into the movie, Stephanie was crossing her legs and fidgeting harder. She had underestimated how badly she needed to go. Not a lot seemed to be going on, so she started to stand up to make her way to the bathroom...

...and then the movie started to get exciting again, so she sat back down. She was sure she could hold it.

The movie was two hours and twenty minutes. It was now two hours into the movie, and Stephanie REALLY needed to go. But, the movie was almost over.

Right now it was a very quiet moment in the movie. She could hear a kid talking and his mother shushing him.

And then, two hours and seven seconds into the movie, there was a big jumpscare. Stephanie let out a squeal and felt her shorts grow warm and wet.

Once she had recovered from the jumpscare and her heart stopped pounding, she realized she was peeing, and although no one could see it, and the sound of the action in the movie made it impossible for even the people next to her to hear it, she blushed with embarrassment all the same. She had not wet herself since as long as she could remember, and here she was, peeing in her shorts.

By the time she finished, the crotch and butt of her shorts were soaked, and so was the seat.

"Why would they do that?" came a female voice on the other side of the theater. "I just wet my pants!"

So she wasn't the only one. That made her feel a bit better.

Once the credits started rolling, people started walking out.

"I'll need to change my pants when we get home," said a girl walking by her, who looked about her age with long brown hair and a pair of jeans. It was hard to tell in the dark but it looked like there was a wet spot on her jeans.

Stephanie sat where she was, waiting for everyone to leave first so she'd have a lower chance of being seen in her wet shorts.

Soon, almost everyone was gone, save for a few people. Stephanie got up and slowly walked toward the exit doors, and she could hear two staff members talking.

"So, a lot of people said they spilled their drinks near the end of the movie," said one of them. "And a few of them admitted to peeing their pants at the jumpscare."

"This is the third time this week," said the other worker. "They really need to stop putting jumpscares at the end of movies that long. They think they can hold it until the end, and then..."

"We've got a lot of work to do before the next showing."

Stephanie felt relieved. Of course she'd try to be more careful in the future.

She walked outside past the staff members, who noticed her wet shorts but were too polite to say anything. She was blushing lightly as she walked out. Few people noticed, and one of them said "There must have been a real scary movie on for so many people to wet their pants."

It was busy trying to get out of the parking lot, and she had to sit in her wet shorts and underwear the whole time. The coke she drank at the movie went through her by the time she was on the road. She nearly wet herself again at the last red light before her house, and when she got back inside, she rushed into the bathroom, sat on the toilet, and peed in her shorts again. They were already wet so she didn't mind. She almost actually enjoyed it this time.

After she was done re-wetting herself, she walked into the shower, not bothering to undress, and turned it on. The warm water felt so nice after her embarrassing accident and washed away not only the pee that saturated her shorts, but also her shame. That hadn't been quite as bad as she thought it would be, but she'd still really prefer to not do it again. At least in a public place.

