No Pee for you Jenny

Author: thilanP

*006*2022-11-15 15:32

Part 2

We sat down on the sofa and continued to watch the movie. It was a marvel movie and Jenny is not a fan of action films. But she sat near me and put her head on my shoulder. From the corner of my eye I could see Jenny squirming. I wrapped my hand around her and started rubbing her shoulder.

But then I realized that I should refrain from getting excited. Otherwise I may not be able to hold longer when she starts to blow me. I must stop all the touching, thinking about her desperation, or the status of her pussy. I decided to focus my attention on the final few parts of the movie.

Meanwhile Jenny was thinking the opposite. She was desperate to pee but in her mind she thought everything was manageable. She was just looking at the movie. She wanted to tease me. So she started giving small kisses on my cheeks. And then she touched my semi hard dick.

"Hey, stop. I'm trying to concentrate on the movie"

"Ok, Ok. I'll wait".

Then Jenny lifted her blouse and flashed her pink bra and started jiggling her breasts. I tried not to give much attention but I could feel that I was getting a full erection.

"Do you like what you are seeing?" she asked.

"Yes. I like this movie"

"Not that movie silly. This movie" she pointed at her breasts that were covered by the bra.

"Still we haven't started the official game Jenny. "

"Ok Ok. I'll wait".

Jenny adjusted her blouse and moved her legs up. She looked at her phone and sighed. I looked at the remaining time for the movie and realized that in 10 minutes we are going to start the first round.

