(14) Kidnapped

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-24 15:29

'Argus!' Snape said when he got into Filch' office. 'I was looking for the Marauders Map...sure you have it with you?'Filch who sat in a big chair with his cat Mrs. Norris looked at him.'I'm afraid I don't, professor. It has been stolen a while ago. I told professor Dumbledore about this and he promised me he would let me know everything when it comes to finding it back.'Snape looked at him with big eyes.'Stolen? By a student?''Probably not. There's a spell cast that you need to use to enter my office and I don't think a student would be able to perform it...We were thinking someone out the castle...'

Snape nodded his head.

'Fine. I'll have to do it without it then...' He wanted to turn around and walk away but Filch called him back.'Professor?''Yes?''Not to be curious, but why do you need the map? Maybe I can help you out?'Snape nodded his head again.'Nothing special. Don't worry about it. Thanks anyway.'He turned around and wanted to walk away again but Filch started talking.'Good night, professor.''Good night, Mr. Filch.'Snape closed the door of Filch' office behind him and sighed.How in the world was he going to find Draco without the map?He knew he didn't have any other choice. Snape went back to his office and grabbed his coat and his wand.

Draco just stood there. He didn't dare to move. His bladder was throbbing and it was so hard to hold it right now but he had to.The man had his wand out and was still staring at him.Draco was holding his wand as well. Underneath his robes. He grabbed it tightly but his hands were all sweaty.The man now walked up to him.'Draco Malfoy...I've been looking everywhere for you...'

He grinned. His yellow teeth were now very visible. His hair looked very messy, like it hadn't been combed for days. He was wearing a brown suit, it looked pretty dirty as well.Draco was shaking. He had to calm down! He looked ridiculous like this. He wished no one would see him like this.'What...what do you want from me?' He asked with a shaky voice, grabbing his wand even tighter. He could feel the pressure in his bladder building up even more and he had to do his best to stand still.'Nothin...I only want you...' The man answered calm.'What do you mean? Leave me alone!' Draco yelled.'Shhh. Draco. Don't be so mad. I just need you to come with me for a while. I'm sure you'll be good....'Draco looked at him confused.'Good at what?''Don't rush it, Draco. You'll see. Just come with me now.'

Draco nodded his head. He couldn't help it but squirmed. He had to pee so bad! His bladder was about to explode.'No...' He answered, almost crying.'I wanted to be nice with you, Draco. But if you're gonna be difficult you'll have to deal with this...''What do you mean? I....''Grab him!'Suddenly it all went so fast. Draco felt someone grab him from behind and screamed. He tried to get away but the grip was way too tight. The person took him to an old car, even further in the forest.

'Sit down!' The other man yelled.When the tall man got into the car and locked the doors the other one disappeared. Draco didn't see which direction he went in. He nervously tried to open the door even though he knew it was locked. He started banging on the door. 'Let me out!' Draco yelled in panic.The man in the driver seat turned around at Draco.'Calm down! I won't do anything harmful just do what I say and everything will be fine.''But what are you gonna do to me?' Draco totally ignored him.'It will become clear soon, Draco. Patience.'

Draco didn't say anything anymore and just looked out of the window feeling the horrible pressure in his bladder. He really couldn't hold it anymore...He decided to not say anything about that because he would only embarrass himself even more.Suddenly the man pushed a button and slowly the car started moving.Draco then realized this wasn't a Muggle car like the one Harry had talked about but a normal wizard car. Which meant it was a flying one.It didn't take long before the car was flying high and they were flying above the forest.'Where are we going?' Draco asked nervous while he squirmed in his seat.'You'll see.'Why did he have to be so mysterious? Jeez!Draco just looked at him and then realized he didn't even know who he was.'By the way, who are you even?' He asked then, pretty annoyed and not very polite.'Oh sorry. I'm Sirius. Sirius Black.'....

Professor Snape was walking around the Quidditch field when he realized Draco wasn't there either. He became even more worried and decided to go to the Forbidden Forest, since that was the only place where he hadn't searched yet.He hoped Draco wasn't there, since students were not allowed there. Even if he was and he wasn't harmed, he would get a sanction for this....

The ride with the flying car seemed to take ages and Draco's bladder really couldn't take it anymore. He had to go so badly it really was hurting him.He couldn't stop squirming in his seat.'Are we almost there?' He asked then.'Not yet. No hurry...'Draco sighed and closed his eyes.'How much longer?''I don't know...half an hour maybe...'Draco moaned.'What's wrong with you? You don't have a fear of heights do you?' Sirius said laughing.Draco gave him an annoyed look.'No I don't. I need to use the bathroom.'

He admitted kinda embarrassed.He was wiggling in his seat and had a desperate look on his face.'Right. You know I don't believe that right? I thought you had some more inspiration...'Draco felt himself getting mad.'Don't act like that. I seriously need to go. Badly.' He answered annoyed.Sirius sighed.'Will you stop talking about this now? I need to focus on the road!'Draco gave him a confused look.'Focus on the road? We're flying in god damn car! How in the world would you need to focus on the road?!'Sirius started laughing.'You don't have much sense of humour, do you?'

Draco didn't think it was funny at all. He was squeezing his thighs together to prevent himself from peeing when another wave of desperation hit him.He really couldn't hold it anymore.'I'm serious!' Draco said then.'I'm Sirius!' Black answered.He found himself clearly very funny. Draco got very irritated. He felt his bladder cramp and afterwards a warm stream of pee ran down his leg.'No no no....' Draco whispered.'What's wrong, Malfoy?''Nothing...' Draco answered annoyed while he looked down at his grey pants.He was peeing... He couldn't hold it any longer. The pee started running down his legs, making a puddle on the floor. Draco tried his best to stop it but he just couldn't. He was now peeing forcefully and he couldn't do anything about it. He desperately hoped Sirius wouldn't notice the hissing sound, which only made it worse.

The warm pee drenched his grey trousers and his robe. Draco was shaking and he felt a tear run down his cheek. Don't cry! He felt so stupid!He didn't care anymore and closed his eyes while he finished peeing in his pants. His bladder was sore from holding it so long and he felt gross with his with pee drenched clothes.He first panicked cause he just had wet himself in Sirius' car when he suddenly realized he had his wand with him and could use a cleaning spell so maybe Sirius wouldn't notice about his accident...

Draco reached inside his robe and panicked instantly.His wand was gone...Professor Snape was now walking in the Forbidden Forest, using his wand for light. He got more worried every second and was really started to get mad at Lucius. Also at himself. He felt like he caused Draco to get this upset...Snape suddenly almost fell when he slipped on something laying on the ground.Stupid twig!When Snape bended over and looked down he noticed it wasn't a twig but a wand.Draco's wand....

