Sonic Princess Holding Contest

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-08-18 22:21

Disclaimer: Just to be safe, I'll say here Sally is 18 and Blaze is 20.

Eggman Nega hadn't shown his face in Blaze's dimension since the Captain Whisker incident, and according to Sonic, nor had he been seen since being sealed in the Ifrit's Dimension. Nor had Eggman returned to Blaze's world. So, Blaze's battles to protect her dimension were at an end, but her adventures were far from over. In addition to training in case a new enemy should emerge, Blaze would often go to Sonic's dimension to visit Cream and the others, including attending Sonic's birthday party. But she didn't stop there. Her dimensional transporter was eventually expanded to access alternate realities. All of which she seemed to be absent from, and some of which she found just plain weird. The one she liked the most was one where Sonic lived on Planet Mobius with Tails and others she didn't recognize, and she had become fast friends with fellow princess, Sally Acorn.

Two years ago, Sally and Sonic had defeated their Dr. Robotnik, whom Sally had described as being much more sinister and fearsome than the Eggman Blaze knew, or even Eggman Nega. His henchman Snively attempted to defeat the Freedom Fighters with the evil sorcerer Naugus at his side, but they had managed to banish Naugus back to the Void along with Snively. They had since restored Mobius to its former glory, and earlier this year Sonic had married Sally and become the prince of Mobius. Sally now wore her outfit from the Archie comics, a blue tank top and tight black shorts that were white around the edges. Sonic thought they made her butt look cute. Whenever he said so, she would blush but smile.

Naturally, Sonic would challenge Blaze to a race, and Sally was improving her speed as well due to the rush she felt from when she had destroyed Robotnik and his Doomsday Device alongside Sonic. After some races around Mobius, which Sonic always won, Blaze would then take the pair to her dimension where they would race through the zones on the islands that she and her Sonic had gone through while battling Captain Whisker.

Then one day, Blaze visited another dimension where she met a princess who took part in a challenge that she found to be rather interesting. Initially reluctant to compete, Blaze had done so, and although she lost, she felt that she had come close to winning. On her next trip to Sally's dimension, she decided to tell Sally, for she had found the contest to be more fun than she had anticipated and was sure that Sally wouldn't judge her and might even want to compete in it herself.

"Last week I was in another dimension in which princesses would compete in a contest that comes across as unladylike, but she said it was to test how princesslike they were. You might think this is a bit weird, so brace yourself."

"What was the contest?" asked Sally.

"They would drink a lot, and when they had to go to the bathroom, they'd see who could hold it the longest. Because a princess would be able to hold it in. Of course, eventually one of them would lose, and sometimes the other princess wouldn't make it to the bathroom, or else she'd just let it out right there. So in the end they still can't hold it, but they try to see how long they can hold it for."

"That sounds interesting," said Sally. "It might even be something... well... do you think you'd be willing to compete in that contest?"

"I kind of already did," said Blaze, blushing lightly. "I lost, but just barely."

"How about we do the contest? Since we're both princesses."

"Sounds good to me."

So, they each drank an equal amount of soda, and then they each sat on a chair that would be easy to clean. Only half an hour in, their drinks hit them already. An hour in, they were really fidgeting.

"How are you holding up?" Sally asked.

"I feel I can hold it for a while," said Blaze.

Blaze was a warrior princess with a strong bladder, there were times she had to hold it during an adventure. As for Sally, she was very intelligent and sometimes she'd sit for hours working on some tech, holding it until her full bladder could no longer be ignored. Of course, she only recently had started wearing pants, but still normally she wouldn't pee outside the bathroom.

After several hours, both princesses really needed to go. They crossed their legs and were squirming hard in their seats.

Eventually, Sally couldn't hold it anymore. She felt her shorts grow warm and wet, and as hard as she tried she couldn't hold back her stream. So, she stopped fidgeting, spread her legs, and peed full force, flooding the seat she was sitting in. She blushed at the fact that she was wetting herself, but the warm wetness soaking her crotch and rear end felt kind of nice, as well as the relief.

"I win," said Blaze. She stood up, leaked a little, and sat back down. She knew she wouldn't make it to a bathroom, and seeing Sally peeing her shorts made her leak more. So, she spread her legs and blasted a power pee in her skintight white pants, sighing of immense relief.

Sally giggled softly when she saw Blaze wetting her pants. "I guess you couldn't hold it either."

"I guess not. At least this is the first time I've won, though. But it was really close."

"I have an idea. How about next time we hold it while running through the zones of your world?"

"That sounds fun. But if one of us is ahead of the other, how will we know if the one behind us wets herself first?"

"Leave that to me." Sally finished peeing. "Ahhh, that's better." Her shorts were drenched but the relief felt amazing.

Blaze also finished peeing. "Until my trip to that other world, I had no idea wetting myself could feel so good. But don't think I'll go easy on you in our contests."

"I'll try harder to beat you," said Sally.

"I'll go for a swim in the pond so only you know that I peed myself," said Blaze.

"My shorts are black so they don't show any wetness," said Sally. "I think I'll stay like this for a bit. Besides, I bet Sonic will like it."

...

About a week later, Blaze returned to Sally's dimension.

"Hey, Blaze," said Sally. "Ready to have another holding contest?"

"Yes, let's do this," said Blaze.

"First things first," said Sally. She took two devices resembling wristwatches and gave one to Blaze while putting the other on her wrist.

"What are these?" Blaze asked as she put her device on her wrist.

"I made them so that if the person wearing one device wets herself, the alarm on the other device will go off. That way, we'll know who wins if we're not in sight of each other racing through your world."

"Are you sure they work?"

Sally let out a little sigh of relief, and then Blaze could see yellow waterfalls pouring down her legs. As Sally wet her shorts, the alarm on Blaze's device went off, like the alarm on a watch, while an image of yellow droplets flashed across its screen.

"Yes, it works," said Blaze. "And good thing I used the bathroom before coming here, now we're both empty and starting from scratch."

First, Sally changed into a dry pair of shorts similar to her wet pair, with a dry pair of panties underneath, so that the wetness wouldn't give her an unfair disadvantage. Then, she and Blaze each drank a lot of soda.

"Can I run with you?" Sonic asked. "I won't be holding it like you are, but running through those zones is past cool!"

"Sure," said Sally. "Just don't interfere with the contest."

"I'll be cheering for you, Sal," said Sonic.

"Thanks," said Sally.

"But if you win, try to hold it until I can congratulate you," Sonic added.

So, they used Blaze's dimensional transporter to go to Blaze's world. As soon as Blaze and Sally felt a need to pee, the three sailed across the sea on a boat. Of course, the waves and the sounds of the water made them even more aware of how they needed to pee, which they both enjoyed because it added some extra challenge to it.

"Being underwater might make my device not register a wetting, or even already being wet, so we won't go to Coral Cave," said Sally.

"Let's not go to Sky Babylon either," said Blaze. "Being really high up might give me an unfair disadvantage." Sally and Sonic both knew that Blaze was afraid of heights.

So, first Blaze, Sally, and Sonic ran through Plant Kingdom. They jumped across giant mushrooms, grinded on vines, ran through loops, and ran across water while making sure not to fall into it. Blaze and Sally were relatively neck in neck, Sally slightly behind, and Sonic was waiting for them at the end of Part 2.

Next they sailed to Machine Labyrinth, where they ran across ramps, jumped off springs, went through tubes, and rode geysers of steam up, which made them a bit damp but not soaking wet. This put extra pressure on their bladders. Both of them ran faster than usual due to their urgent need to pee, as if trying to get to a bathroom on time, and as a result they weren't as far behind Sonic as they normally were. In a way this made it even more exciting for them.

By the time they sailed to Haunted Ship, they really needed to go. It was even harder to hold it when they jumped on springy ropes, grinded on rails, or launched out of cannons.

"How you holding up?" Sonic asked as the desperate princesses reached the goal of the second area.

"I really, REALLY have to go!" said Sally, holding herself and pee dancing.

"Me too," said Blaze, holding herself and fidgeting slightly.

As they sat on the boat sailing to Blizzard Peaks, Blaze and Sally were fidgeting hard. All the water around them made it even harder to hold it, and they had a feeling that they would not last as long as they did on their last contest.

When they arrived at Blizzard Peaks, the cold also made them feel like they could lose it at any second.

Snowboarding with a full bladder was challenging, but fun and exciting. Jumping off those springy string platforms at the end put more pressure on their bladders, and grinding on the ice rails and jumping off springs and going through Dash Rings. Sally whimpered as she leaked a little, but Blaze's device wasn't triggered, as only a full blown wetting was counted as a loss. Blaze also leaked a little, dampening her panties and the front of her pants slightly. The dampness combined with the cold was uncomfortable and added more challenge to holding it.

"Looks like Blaze can't last much longer," said Sonic as the princesses caught up with him at the goal, noticing the damp spot on her pants.

"I'm in the same state as her," said Sally.

"We'd have to pee a lot more before we lose," said Blaze. "And we're not going to Sky Babylon or Pirates' Hideout. Let's go back to Plant Kingdom."

So, they sailed back to Plant Kingdom. The dampness combined with the sounds of the water was even more painful for them and they were squirming harder than ever.

Sally and Blaze made it through another run of Plant Kingdom, but going through the tubes of Machine Labyrinth, they leaked a little more.

After another run of Haunted Ship and Blizzard Peaks, they were sailing back towards Plant Kingdom again. By now, both princesses felt like they could burst any second. They ran so fast through Plant Kingdom and Machine Labyrinth, as if trying to get to a bathroom on time, that they kept up with Sonic the entire time.

As they were going through Haunted Ship again, Sally was startled by a beeping sound and leaked a little more into her damp shorts. But then she quickly realized that the sound was coming from the device on her wrist. Her heart leapt at this. Was Blaze wetting herself? Had she won?

Blaze had felt her overflowing bladder could give out any second, and tried running faster, dribbling into her pants, the wet spot growing bigger by the second. Then had come a leak that she couldn't stop. Her bladder was releasing itself in full force as she ran. She stopped running, trying to hold back her stream, but it was no use. Blaze was peeing her pants all the way, and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Her alarm hadn't gone off, meaning that Sally was still holding it. She knew that Sally had won this time. She sighed of dismay, and once she finished wetting herself, she resumed running through the stage.

Sally still ran as fast as she can. Although she had won the contest, she wanted to hold it until she got to the end. She leaked a little again before she reached the goal.

"How you holding up, Sal?" Sonic asked.

"I won!" she said. "My alarm went off, and I still haven't wet myself all the way."

"Past cool!" said Sonic.

Blaze arrived, her pants very wet and tinted yellow. "You win, Sal," said Blaze.

Sally and Blaze shook hands, then Sally held herself with both hands. "Ooh... I still REALLY have to go!"

"Congrats on your victory, Sal," said Sonic, and without warning he began tickling Sally's armpits and sides. Sally started laughing uncontrollably, and in only a few seconds, she was peeing her shorts full force, the pee flowing down her legs again, soaking her leg fur.

"I'd say you two are weird, but we just competed in a contest to hold our pee until we wet ourselves," said Blaze.

Sonic stopped tickling Sally about ten seconds after she finished peeing. Sally caught her breath, felt her wet shorts, and said "And now I don't have to pee anymore."

"I'm glad I could help," said Sonic, slapping Sally's butt playful. It was wet from her tickle accident. Sally blushed but giggled lightly.

To rinse off, they ran through Coral Cave, before returning to Sally's world.

THE END

