Yellow's New Problems

Author: Toki-chan

*000*2011-08-08 21:36

Important Note: I do not own this fic! This is another wetting fic I found on Fanfiction.net

The author can be found here: http://www.fanfiction.net/u/2416707/yournameandnumber

Note; the above author has a few other wetting/diaper stories on their account as well. ^^

The link to the story, which is multi-chaptered, can be found here: http://www.fanfiction.net/s/6119215/1/Yellows_new_problems

Warnings: Loli, bedwetting, diapering, Specialshipping (Red/Yellow), female desperation/wetting. The grammar, spelling, and sentence structure is poor, but I still enjoyed the fic none-the-less.

This fic comes from the Pokemon manga (Pokemon Adventues) verse.

###

Disclaimer: I do not own Pokemon special.

Anyways, here is the first chapter of Yellow's new problems.

Yellow was aware that she was blushing heavily. The fact that she had had to do this almost every night of her life and had to do it again tonight was not a factor that helped a whole lot. She stammered, "Do I HAVE to do to this, dad? I mean, most of my friends are coming over here to stay the week!"

Her father replied, "Yellow, I know you don't like doing this, and me and your mom don't like doing it to you, but you know what the other option to do is, and you never liked people finding out about your secret, but they are your friends and would probably help you, not laugh at you. However, if you want to get this over with, we had best do it before anyone gets here."

Yellow the pokedex holder stared at the floor, embarrassed but knowing her father had a good point. Given the choice, Yellow decided quickly.

She said, "All right... let's get this embarrassment over with and hope none of my friends arrive while you're still... you know." Yellow and her father headed for the second floor of the house the two of them lived in along with Yellow's mother, who was a reporter for the Viridian times and was currently in Sinnoh checking out a strange incident said to have been caused by a group called team galactic. Her husband was her top aid, both in getting photos and stories for the paper, and to give his wife moral support, despite the fact Viridian city's newspaper did not use lies to sell more papers, as Yellow's mother had been nearly killed by a insane escapee from a mental institution, which still haunted her.

Yellow pulled up one of the floorboards, pulled out a key, and opened a room with a large lock on the door. Yellow entered the room without any trace of surprise, despite the fact that most people outside of her parents would have been visibly surprised at the room's arrangement upon entering it, due to the fact that the room was set up with a large variety of baby things, such as a crib, high chair, a supply of diaper cream, baby powder, a mixture of pullup and diaper bags in one of the corners, with only one of the bags having any of either left in it, although neither Yellow or her father took note of this.

Yellow went towards another door in the room, this one not locked, and entered into a small room, it's only contents being a changing table and a small number of books, such as: "How to deal With Teenagers Wet Beds"; "Helping a Teen Bedwetter," and so forth.

As you probably guessed by now, Yellow was a teenage bedwetter, and commonly wet her bed at night, and she hoped her friends would not find out about her problem, as she thought they would tease her. Yellow placed herself on the top of the table, having removed most of her clothes to get ready for the "tradition" she went through every night for most of her life. Roughly two minutes later, Yellow's underwear had been removed, and she had had it replaced by a somewhat large diaper with varying Pokemon on the front. However, Yellow quickly realized, to her disturbance, that the diaper, since it was not wet, was constantly making crinkling sounds.

Since she had gone to the bathroom before she went into the changing room, and could not get it wet so it would not make crinkling noises, she realized that her friends would likely hear her diaper crinkling.

Deciding to deal with that later, she wentdownstairs, where she was surprised to see her friend Red waiting at the kitchen table. He smiled at her and said "Hi, Yellow." Yellow blushed somewhat, as she had a noticeable crush on Red.

After Yellow's father left, Red noticed Yellow's diaper making crinkling noises, but did not know what it was, and asked Yellow "Yellow,do you know what that weird noise is?"Right then, Yellow decided she would talk to Red about her diaper-wearing needs for nighttime.

Yellow said, "I-I do know what it is Red-san, but I'd rather we talked about it in about 10 minutes or so, so I can get used to someone knowing this before I tell you."

Puzzled, but wishing to hear what was causing the noise, Red said "OK."

End of chapter one.

###

If you would like me to clean this up a bit, please let me know! This is how the actual story appears in the link, but I can edit it to make it cleaner, if you so choose.

Edit: Fixed the formatting and some of the grammatical errors.

*002*2011-08-08 21:49

*nod* On it.

Edit: Managed to fix a fair bit of it; but it still has a long way to go.

*004*2011-08-08 22:26

{{:

Thanks. I have to say, the story seemed to be several times better once the formatting was fixed.

Writers, take note!

}}

Formatting makes all the difference!

Just be thankful it wasn't a huge block of text. =A=

Writers, don't use text blocks either.

