The rains in the fields of flowers

Author: The_Dz

*000*2020-03-03 18:48

Early summer, or maybe late spring? Azriel was never one to pay attention to what the date was, or even what day, or even what time. All that he knew was today was a very special day. The sun was shining down with warm golden rays of light high in the sky, only occasionally being interrupted by light fluffy clouds. You know the kind, the ones where if you look hard enough it looks like something, or maybe something else? Azriel could never quite distinguish shapes amongst the clouds, but he was having fun watching them slowly pass by nonetheless. The smell of lavender and wild honeysuckle filled his nose, but after the half hour they had been sitting and drawing, neither of them could truly smell it anymore.

Azriel had finished his drawing, crude in quality but it still represented their surroundings, the flowers might not be exact, but any observer could tell the lines connecting blotchy petals suggest some form of foliage.

Close enough, no one would ever see it other than himself, and of course his maiden, Silvershade.

@@Who was Silvershade? Not even Azriel knew everything about her, but that was okay. She had a caring heart, but beyond that she had saved him countless times. From stopping the white dragon from consuming his soul to freeing him from the clutches of plants in the Howling Forest. He had no idea why however. The cultists and witches had a feud since before time itself. At first he had assumed that he was being used for his knowledge on the occult, but she never asked anything about the unholy, or even the arcane. She seemed content being with the enemy, but after the last few months, he realized that in her very own heart, her family was her enemy. Azriel thought his own cult was into torture, but he never realized what the witches went through in their own training. He knew that her training specialized in the strength of crystals, and gemstones. She used them to store natural energy, whereas he himself used them to store spirits. But their powers combined made them truly unstoppable. That's why they must run, forever. It had been three years since they had met each other, and while they might not have been easy, they had left him feeling quite purposeful in life. To an observer, they might say he was happy, but when working with spirits, you learn to give up emotion, lest you become consumed by the unholy you so desire to use. That was the first thing that he had learned in his training. What was only a moment in this plane was equivalent to 86 years in purgatory. With great power comes great pain.

It had been only 4 years since he returned, but he was used to running. Upon his arrival he immediately slain all who had tortured him. It seems he had a better trip to purgatory than all others in his cult. After all, the strong survive and the weak die. Silvershade was the weakest witch he had encountered, but she renounced her faith in order to save me from the dragon. She would be foolish to double cross a dragon, only the heroes of old would stand up to them, and Azriel had never heard of any surviving. He had only visited the den to look for an artifact, the white dragon didn't even have it, turns out. She said that she had traded it to a necromancer many years prior in return for "enough meals for a month". Who knows how much a dragon eats but it must be quite a lot.

Three years had past, and still no rumors of a great necromancer had surfaced, maybe they were looking in all the right places, or maybe it was right under their noises... Right now though, he had something else on his mind.

"Azriel, why have you stood up? Do your spirits warn you of oncoming danger?"

Always one to worry, maybe she too was just like him. But he had realized that amongst all the danger and evil, there must be something worth waking up to in the morning. For many years it was power, but he already had power beyond most men's wildest dreams. He wanted to pursue something else for the first time in his life. His soul had been split many times due to his past, which allowed part of him to exist in the mortal world, and part of him to reside still as one of the great beasts of purgatory.

He had been thinking about this for many many moons, he took the ring out of his pocket, and presented it to her. She seemed confused by such a display, she knew what ring it was. She also knew what it held inside the black diamond.

@@"Silvershade, this ring is my most valuable possession, it holds the part of my soul that feels happiness. You know I do not let that part speak to me, which is why I keep it held inside the most powerful gem I could find. I have not told you this, but it escaped around half a cycle ago. It had a message for me, it told me what I was truly running from. I had been 'unable to confront my own emotions for many years out of fear that it will be my own undoing, I have been chasing a golden goose that may not exist for all we know. You may not know it, but I know that she makes you happy, and I want you to know that'. He willingly returned back into the gem, but I have been thinking, while we must run from our pasts, why must I run from my own happiness? We exist on this plane until we are slain. Once I do, the corrupt parts of my soul will live on in purgatory, but while I am still here, there are things that are worth more to me than power. Silvershade, you are worth more to me than anything, and in the last three years I have come to realize that. I present you this ring, as a symbol that you give me happiness, so I wish to give you my happiness. I think I want to try and unify parts of my soul, the artifact we have been chasing for so long allows the wielder to connect fragmented souls without rhyme or reason, but together we are stronger than any material or magical matter. Silvershade, I cannot promise that I will give you the life you dreamed of, but I can promise you a death that will leave you happy. I want your help in repairing my soul, but you know that i cannot do it alone, which is why I have accepted your help for so long. Silvershade? Will you be mine until the end of time?"

She was left speechless, for what seemed like minutes but was probably only seconds. Until she grabbed my hand, took the ring, and weaved it through her livingwood necklace.

She motioned for me to sit in front of her, and I did.

"Lay down"

Of course in the three years of our travels, we had grown... Familiar... With each other's bodies, but this was unexpected. She knows I had been with the fair amount of bar maidens across the lands, but she also knows that after each one of the wenches I laid, I would regret for many moons the acts committed. She was gentle and tender, slowly stripping me until all that remained was the mythril necklace containing the multitude of rings, and rubies, and rampant spirits. She mounted me like a horse, yet rocked herself like a wee babe in a cradle. Yet, as the fires of passion burned in both our hearts, she started to leap as a frog, our cries going from soft gentle moans, to full on chanting. After what felt like hours, but would've realistically been only 15 minutes, as I lay there on a field of flowers under the warm and intense sun. I fertilized her own fields of flowers at the same time I felt her own golden rain fall across my body.

And in my mind, I was content, but in my soul, I was happy

Part "1" of many

*001*2020-03-04 22:07

Part "2"

"I'm so sorry Azriel I couldn't help it! I was holding it in and and and-"

"There's no reason to apologize Silver, accidents happen"

To be truthful, he found it slightly unusual, this would be his 3rd time in such a situation. The previous two he found slightly disgusting, but with Silver it was different. Of course his immediate reaction was probably not what she expected, but then again she probably didn't expect to leak

Fuck me, I didn't want her to get upset, and now she's crying on top of me. Does she even realize I am still inside her? She's so embarrassed, but there's no reason to.

"Come here Silver, let me wipe your tears"

This snaps her out of her out her saddened trance, but i don't think she processed the words I said. Clueless as always

Words never work, emotions are all she cares about. She gave up her faith, but in her heart I can tell she is still the same as always. What are her motivations? It's really confusing, analytically there is infinitely many possibilities, each one as likely and unlikely, but which infinity is bigger? I cannot tell, there is no way to know what timeline we are on. Trying to predict it is futile, but that never has never stopped him before. A humanity divided knows not the word no, only how. Is this his own downfall? Everyone he has ever met seems to think so, but he killed them in his own twisted dignification. Right now we need to prioritize other things, my happiness as much as as we relent it, he was right. Running has never been a viable option, but what options do we have? Not much, but maybe it's time for a final gambit.

After reaching up and wiping her tears, he made a decision. Unbeknownst to him at the time this decision would both lead to happiness, yet sorrow. But that is what life is about, both the good and the bad, the pretty and ugly, the anger and sorrow...

What happens next? Wait till tomorrow ; )

