Weekend at the grandparents - Page 2

Author: TheGreatNobody

*030*2013-07-08 21:43

Good news! I am writing again. I couldn't let it die, I had too many possible story lines in my head and I was already planning some things.

For those who wanted pictures, from what I could find on the internet this comes the closest to what I imagine them to be:

Kathy: (girl in picture is obviously older than 13, but this gets the right aura if you ignore the sunglasses)

Julie: (here you have to imagine darker hair)

*036*2013-07-13 14:04

Prepare yourself; the next chapter is not ready yet, and is already bigger than the first two combined. I doubting if I should split it in two or not :)

*037*2013-07-14 16:59

All right. I've finished the next chapter. First chapter was 2000 words, second one 2500 and this one 6000. So I've cut it in two: Saturday part one will be 4000 words, and part two will be 2000 words (a 50/50 cut was impossible). I'll post the first one now, so I don't overwhelm you guys with two long posts at a time, and so you don't have to wait that long for the next chapter this time :P

In my opinion this part is the best of Saturday, so maybe part II on it's own will not deliver. I hope you guys will like it anyway :)

Chapter three: Saturday part I, morning and afternoon

Julie waited in her bed until her mother was done changing Kathy’s bed. She tried to play it as cool as possible, acting like she still needed to shower after Kathy was done. No one noticed the droplets she had left behind on the carpet, overshadowed by how bad her little sister’s accident was. After her shower, she put her black, dried up panties with her dress and panties from the day before and got her white bikini out of her suitcase, to wear under her red shorts (which came to about half way to her knees) and tight, white shirt which accentuated her breasts; after breakfast, the girls would go over to the nearby lake. She wore the same flip-flops as the day before.

Kathy was already at breakfast together with the rest of the family, now wearing a loose plain white skirt and a pink shirt. Both girls had cereal and some orange juice, and Julie had her coffee like every day. After they finished, the girls went over to the lake with a 2 liter bottle of water while the adults cleaned up and made plans of their own.

As soon as they were out of the house, Kathy started walking strangely, as if she needed to pee. As Julie knew this was impossible so short after her bedwetting, she thought nothing of it. After a few minutes, however, Kathy stopped, doubled over, and walked on.

“Kathy, do you need to pee again?” Julie asked. “Well, yeah… I probably did not empty my bladder completely last night” she answered.

“Yeah, something always stays behind. Always go to the toilet immediately after a night-time accident” Julie suggested.

2 minutes of awkward (slow) walking later, Julie complained about waiting on Kathy and told her to hurry.

“Yeah, it’s hurting now, too” Kathy answered as she doubled over again, grabbing herself through her skirt. “I’ll just do it here” she said, and her face showed immediate relief. Julie watched in shock as she saw her sister quickly pull her skirt up, just enough not to show anything beneath, and watched as a small trickle down both Kathy’s legs and some drips falling on the ground between quickly formed a thick stream with thick trickles running down mainly her left leg. Julie snapped out of her shock as she felt it splattering against her own legs, and quickly got out of the way.

“What are you doing? Why are you peeing yourself?” Julie screamed, freaked out.

Still peeing forcefully through her panties, Kathy answered: “It hurt too much, so I let it go. My bikini will get wet in a minute anyway, so there is no harm done” she said.

“But it’s going right in your shoes and socks!” Julie screamed, just a little less loudly this time. “They’ll dry.”

Julie could not believe her sister. Just peeing yourself like that, while you can still make it to the lake and pee in there. When Kathy finished, they continued the walk silently. Once there, Kathy laid her shoes and socks spread out in the sun to dry. After the girls laid down the towels, they stripped down to their bikinis, Kathy revealing her soaked pink bikini bottom. She immediately ran into the water afterwards to soak her entire bathing suit and hide what just happened. Julie just laid down on her towel, still a bit freaked out, but she quickly forgot about it as she picked up her book and drank from the bottle of water she had taken with her. Her lack of sleep started acting up while reading, and after only ten minutes, she dozed off.

After an hour, Julie was dreaming she really needed a toilet at school, but every girls’ toilet was locked. After walking desperately through the whole school, she decided to use the boys. As she entered a stall, however, a spurt suddenly came out. And another within the second. At that moment she realized the situation was all too strange, and realized she was dreaming and she was almost peeing. She woke up, and the first thing Julie noticed was her poor, aching bladder. She shoved her book from her face and put her hand between her legs as she crossed them, to find out the spurts she felt were real; she felt warmth between her legs where her bikini was wet. She looked down and saw the obvious wetness. Seeing this, the pressure in her bladder suddenly increased; her body decided it was time to empty it.

“What’s up?” Kathy asked, laying on a towel next to her.

“Gotta pee” was all Julie could hastily answer, as she got up and ran to the water. While running, she felt several short spurts escaping. As soon as her toes hit the water, her last line of defense disappeared and every muscle around her bladder relaxed; her urine started to push its way out of her. By the time she was knee-deep in the water she felt warmth spread between her legs before a thick stream, falling from her private area, loudly hit the water beneath her. She dived into the water as fast as she could to mask that she had lost control. Only her head rose out of the water again; she was sitting on her knees on the sand beneath the water level while the water around her abdomen got significantly warmer. She sat there, emptying her bladder for almost a minute. Breakfast must have hit her bladder fast.

Slightly blushing she got back to her towel to dry off.

“Did you make it into the water?” Kathy asked.

“Yes, off course I did” Julie answered, ashamed she had lost control and had peed before she had meant to. Moreover, she was ashamed she had not woken up earlier; she had already spurted while sleeping and if she was sleeping at home she wouldn’t have made it out of her room before she the dam had broken. “Tonight I’ll make sure to pee as much as I can before I go to bed” she thought.

“Then why was there a wet spot on your towel? It smelled like pee!” Kathy said, a little too happily. Perhaps it was some sort of consolation for her that girls three years older don’t always keep themselves dry, too, Julie thought.

“Well, I already peed a little before I woke up.” Julie said softly, blushing, looking down at her feet. “Don’t tell mom and dad, ok?” She was ashamed to admit it, but better to her sister than to her parents.

“Hmmm, maybe the favor I’m going to ask you is not that small anymore,” Kathy said. “You wet yourself too, on the way here!” Julie said in defense. “Well, I just let it go because it hurt me a little, you had a real accident! You are sixteen and you still wet yourself! It’s much worse if mom and dad find out about you.” Kathy said, smiling.

Tears started welling up in Julie’s eyes. “Please don’t tell anyone” she said with a crack in her voice. She really felt bad now. “That’s going to be a big favor!” Kathy said.

A tear started to roll down Julie’s check. She just laid down on her towel and turned away from Kathy; her little sister did not need to see her tears.

A while after Julie’s tears dried up, Kathy spoke up. “I don’t mind you know, I wet myself three times yesterday.”

“Three times?” Julie asked in confusion. She could only count two; just outside the car and while she was looking for her. “Oh yeah, I forgot you didn’t know, but after dinner when I was petting the goats I had to go again. This time I could keep it from mom.”

“And you couldn’t make it to the toilet again?” Julie asked in disbelief. “I could,” Kathy answered, “but I wanted to stay there, so I just made sure my skirt would not get wet once it started hurting.” Julie now grinned devilishly and turned around again, facing her little sister. “You don’t care if mom and dad find out about an accident, but what if they find out about you wetting yourself on purpose?” Kathy’s eyes widened. She had not realized this; she did not want her mother to find out about her fake accidents. “No, no, it was a real accident, I just forgot I needed to go that bad” she tried to save herself, “It just started coming out after a while.” Her sudden panic was obvious.

“Don’t tell and I won’t tell” Julie said. “Alright, time for lunch. Let’s go!” Julie said, her mood suddenly lifted.

Now it was Kathy’s turn to cry. She wiped away the tears rolling down her cheek and said “I just need to go into the water one more time.” As Kathy reached the water, streams of urine went down the insides of her legs and clattered on the water. She got down to sit in the water, sobbing. Meanwhile, Julie noticed they drank the water bottle almost empty and she downed the last part. After that, she put her clothes over her almost dry bikini. After Kathy got out of the water with red eyes she dried herself a bit and put on her clothes, making her pink shirt wet where her bikini top was underneath. Her skirt mostly stayed dry.

During lunch, their mother had noticed Kathy had been crying and she had come up with a lie about bumping her toe really hard. After that, dad had reminded Julie he promised her driving lessons that afternoon, and that after some consideration they decided she would still get them despite her messing up the rear bench. They would talk about how she would pay back for that after the weekend. Also, they would be going to a fun fair that evening in a nearby village.

Julie got another coffee and went to change her bikini for a set of yellow underwear and changed her flip-flops for shoes and socks. When she came in her room, she found the clothes she put on yesterday morning clean and neatly folded on her bed. She checked her bag just to be sure; the dress and 2 pairs of panties from yesterday and this morning were still there, though it started to stink. She wrapped them in a plastic bag for now, but she had to find a solution for her dirty clothes.

At one o’ clock Julie’s very first driving lesson started. As they stepped in, Julie tried to ignore the embarrassing spot she had left in the back of the car. First her father showed her the basics and soon she was behind the wheel, still on her grandparents’ farm.

Julie’s dad noticed she was shaking. “Don’t be nervous, I’m here to help if something goes wrong” her father said. Well, easy for him to say. As soon as the car started moving, Julie’s palms were sweating heavily. When she hit 10km/h it became too much for her: she got scared of an oncoming wall and stamped on the brakes with both feet and the car came to an instant stop. “I’m sorry, I saw that wall and didn’t know what to do.”

“Doesn’t matter, try again. Go slowly so you can steer past the wall. If you don’t manage, I’ll pull the steering wheel so don’t be scared; I won’t let you wreck the car.” her father said with a smile. “And if you want to stop, try braking with one foot, it will be less abrupt.”

This time, Julie did not brake. She steered slowly past the wall and accelerated; this time she sped up to 30km/h before it became too much; she put one foot on the brakes now, but still a bit too fast. The car yanked to a halt, and Julie got pushed into her seatbelt. The pressure on her abdomen reminded her of that morning; she hadn’t gone to the toilet since her half-accident by the lake, and she had drank a lot of water there and some coffee at lunch; her bladder was slowly but steadily getting full.

“Alright, let’s try the road. Doesn’t matter if you’re slow; just let others pass. There isn’t that much traffic around here anyway” her father said after a while. “Uhm, ok…” Julie said doubtful. She wasn’t sure she was ready for this. She was too nervous to tell her father she needed the bathroom, too.

Once on the road she found out it was not much different from the farm; it was still hard. She could hardly see over the dashboard in her parents’ car. After a while, Julie got used to driving 50km/h, except for turns, where she could be overtaken by a crawling toddler. At one point, she was even overtaken by a clearly short-sighted elder going way below the speed limit. Her need for a bathroom was steadily increasing, but Julie was only concentrating on the road.

After driving for forty minutes, there was an oncoming car speeding towards Julie. A few hundred meters before passing Julie and her father, it overtook another car, getting back in the right lane well on time, but Julie panicked anyway. She steered the car to the side of the road and hit the brakes a little too fast; the lower part of the seatbelt buried itself into her lower abdomen and squeezed her bladder. As the car came to a halt, Julie saw the other car getting out of the way long before there could have been a collision.

Suddenly she felt herself warming a little bit between her legs and she realized her situation: her bladder had gotten rather full by now and because of the seatbelt some pee had spurted out of her. She buried both her hands into her crotch as fast as possible, to make sure she stayed in control. On the inside she felt her warm, damp panties squeezing against her private parts but apparently nothing had gotten through to the outside of her shorts, as her hands stayed dry.

Her father didn’t notice her predicament. “Well, that wasn’t necessary,” he said. Now, in control, Julie got her hands out of her crotch and slowly started driving again. Now she knew her bladder was full, it became harder to drive. She was also a bit distracted by the dampness between her legs. She hadn’t noticed anything for the last forty minutes about her bladder, and now she was actively pushing her legs together, so she had to be more careful operating the pedals. Out of nothing, it felt like she was holding her bladder for 2 hours already.

“You were driving fine before, nothing to be scared about,” her father said, “you can go faster than this.”

Julie now thought a little more practical; they were driving away from the farm for 45 minutes now, so the trip back would be another 45 minutes. She wasn’t sure if she could make that if they drove any further

“Ehm, dad, is there a gas station close?”

“At this speed, we’ll probably reach the nearest one in an hour, but I wasn’t planning to drive for that long as we still have to make the trip back” her dad said. “Why?”

“Well, ehm, I kind of need the bathroom” Julie said, almost inaudibly.

“Didn’t you go before we started?”

“No…” Julie said, as her cheeks reddened. “I forgot.”

“Well, let’s turn around then and go back. It’s your own fault the lesson will be a little shorter than planned.”

It took Julie 5 minutes to turn around the car; she hadn’t used the reverse before, and the steering was hard. She had to stop a few times to let other traffic pass.

After 10 minutes of driving back, Julie’s bladder started to hurt. She remembered how much she had drank before and regretted not going to the toilet. She felt as though she couldn’t have enough control to reach the farm, so she put her right hand between her legs. “Keep both hands on the wheel,” her father said, “you’re not experienced enough to drive with only one hand.”

Reluctantly she put her hand back on the wheel. She had felt so relieved for a moment, but now her desperation came back in a big wave, causing her to leak a bit before she got control again, but her panties warmed again. She quickly glanced down and saw no wetness on her shorts still, but then again she couldn’t see between her legs as she did not dare to open them for a moment. She was getting panicky now about getting home dry. She wanted to ask her dad if she could stop to go beside the road, but as she started to speak she heard a short siren behind her; a police car. Julie cursed inside her head and pulled the car over at the next possible stop.

“Driver’s license please” the cop said as Julie opened the window. She was nervous; she had never seen her parents get pulled over. As her dad got his driver’s license and Julie’s learner permit, Julie felt another spurt escaping. She was blushing and avoided eye contact.

“Ma’m, could you look up for a moment?” The cop asked, looking at her permit. As soon as Julie glanced the cop in the eye for a moment, she felt a bigger wave of desperation coming on. She held on tight and quickly looked away, feeling a trickle come out of her urethra. She now was sure her shorts had a wet spot on them, but she could not see anything yet when she looked down.

“Alright, everything seems to be in order here” the cop said. “Have a nice drive, try not to hold up traffic too much and drive a straight line from now on.”

Both cars started, and as Julie slowly drove forward the police car drove by and quickly got away from Julie and her father.

“Dad, I really have to go now, can we stop? I don’t know if I can make it back to the farm” Julie said, with a slightly whining voice.

“Surely you can hold it for another half hour? If you didn’t need to go when we started you should be able to hold it for 1.5 hours” her father said.

Julie felt herself on the verge of tears. She wasn’t going to have another accident inside this car, she just couldn’t, but it felt as though her bladder was failing her, way faster than she was used to.

“You’re sixteen now, you should be able to make it.”

As another wave came and Julie again wasn’t able to hold all of it back, she felt the warmth between her legs spreading even more; part of her thighs felt wet now, taking away any doubt about the state of her shorts; they probably had a big wet stain now, and Julie did not dare to look down now. Normally she would’ve been holding herself with both hands by now, but this time she couldn’t.

“I’ll try but I don’t know if I can make it” Julie said. You could clearly hear she was almost crying by the sound of her voice.

After 5 minutes of spurting every now and then, the occasional tear was rolling down her cheeks. “Stop crying! You have to pay attention to the road!” her father said, almost yelling. This did Julie’s situation no good; more tears started to form, and as another wave came and another trickle started between her legs, she couldn’t completely stop it. In fact, this wasn’t a wave; it didn’t go away. Julie felt the trickle going into her panties and spreading down to the back of her legs and her butt; the trickle increased and everything was warming. She looked down and saw the wet patch spreading upwards now. She could clearly see she was wetting herself again, and realized her dad could see it now too if he looked. It was a lost cause. She stopped the car as fast as she could.

“I’m sorry dad” she said through her tears. As she got her seatbelt loose, she started peeing full force. She opened the door and got out as quickly as possible, and stopped when she stood beside the vehicle, doubled over; there she finally relaxed. The dark parts of her shorts expanded quickly and soon multiple streams were falling underneath her, her shorts could not hold anything back, but she didn’t care; the pain was gone. Her pants were now soaked and lots of yellow liquid was flowing down her legs into her shoes and socks. This felt so much better! She straightened up and leaned against the car between the front and back door, completely relaxed as urine still streamed down. Her feet were getting soaked and a large puddle formed on the dried up concrete road were a stream, falling from right under her, was clattering down on it.

She spread her legs to prevent anymore from going into her shoes, but it didn’t matter anymore; they were saturated. As the last bit of urine fell, now in a singular stream, into her quickly drying up puddle, she looked at herself; her shorts were completely soaked. As she stepped away from the car and her puddle she noticed her shoes were sopping wet and with every step she took pee was flowing out of them from all sides. They were passed by a car slowly, giving a boy her age in the rear seat a clear view of Julie and her soaked clothes. He dropped his jaw as he stared in amazement at a beautiful girl his age peeing herself. Julie’s tears had stopped with the distraction of her relief, but now they started again, realizing what had happened. She turned to her dad, still in the car and saw the big wet spot she had left before she could get out of the car; it looked as if she had her complete accident in there.

“I’m so sorry dad, I’m so sorry!” she said as she looked through her tears into her dad’s cold eyes.

“This is the last driving lesson you’ll get in a while” he said sternly. “Get in and drive back and that’s the last you’ll do in a while. You’ll pay for the cleaning of this seat.”

As she tried to step into the car awkwardly, her dad noticed the state of her shoes.

“Get out of your socks and shoes before you also wet the floor of my car. There’s a plastic bag in the trunk you can put them in.”

Afterwards, Julie positioned herself in the cold, wet seat. The last thing her dad said was “Dry your tears so you can see the road.” The rest of the drive there was an awkward silence. Julie now drove as fast as a Lada carrying an elephant uphill, because she was scared now her father did not give her any advice anymore. As soon as they got back Julie ran into the house, up the stairs and into the shower. She just started showering without taking her clothes off and pushed her last bit of pee out of her; only after she felt like the pee was completely washed out she removed her now dark, red shorts, her see-through white shirt and her almost see-through yellow underwear.

*040*2013-07-23 13:08

And the second part of this day. I haven't started writing the next chapter yet, but I hope the interval will be a lot shorter than between chapter 2 and 3 :)

Chapter four: Saturday part II, evening and night

Julie got out of the bathroom only wearing a white towel. Walking to her room her mother noticed her. “Put your clothes in the washing machine; you shoes and socks are already there” she said.

Julie did as she was told and walked downstairs carrying her wet clothes. She passed her sister, who had a big grin on her face. “You wet yourself in the car again, sis?”

Julie’s face was now almost a tomato. After she had started the washing machine, she went back up to her room and stayed there until dinner. She changed into pairs of pink sweatpants and a matching sweatshirt with just a pair of white panties underneath. She realized it was the last pair she had packed; after these, she would only have the two pair of panties left from her accidents in the car, because they were being washed.

At dinner, the father of the house told he had already gotten both seats of the car cleaned and how much it had cost. Julie was also informed she was not allowed to go to the fun fair anymore. She just sat in silence and accepted it; she didn’t dare to look at anyone. Especially not at her grandparents, who were informed beforehand that Julie could stay dry nowadays.

She now had to stay home while the rest of her family went to the fun fair, but she didn’t mind; she was too ashamed anyway, and was glad nobody would be around for a while. She would just watch a movie on her own.

That evening Julie skimmed trough her grandparents’ movie collection, all still VCR, and decided on the one that seemed the most interesting. About an hour (and two glasses of water) into the 2.5-hour movie, however, she regretted her decision; it was about the most boring movie she had ever seen. It was old, too, and there wasn’t an effect that looked anything close to real. She felt her eyelids getting heavy and fell asleep in front of the TV. She dreamed she had to pee, but the toilet kept running away from her as she chased it. She spurted a few times, and then her dream stopped to make place for other random dreams.

When Julie woke up, the movie had already stopped. “Wow, I must’ve fallen asleep” she thought. As she got up, slowly waking up she felt her bladder was rather full again. She looked down and spotted a small dark-pink patch on her sweatpants. She pulled the waist band and looked down in her pants; her bladder was bulging and her white panties had a yellowish circle on it. She felt her panties and pants and they were dry; she must’ve leaked a bit a long time ago.

She realized she had to pee very badly again, and she felt a spasm in her bladder. She could just about hold on, and she jammed both hands into her crotch and doubled over. She didn’t know how this could be; she checked the time. 4 hours it had been since her accident, and again her bladder was full. Nowadays she could easily hold it for another two hours, normally, but now she couldn’t. She slowly walked towards the toilet, still doubled over, and wave after wave of desperation came onto her. The closer she came to the toilet, the more desperate she was.

She managed to get to the toilet door without leaking, but now she had to open the door now; she released her grip with one hand but she immediately buried it back into her crotch; she had to go too bad to let go. She tried an alternative; it took her three times, but she opened the door with her elbow eventually. As she walked in, the biggest wave so far came upon her, and she spurted again. Now she felt like she was going to lose it any minute! She got her hands out of her crotch to get her sweatpants down as fast as she could, but she had to cross her legs to keep it in, making it impossible to get them down completely. Being so close to the toilet made everything worse; a small trickle started to escape, and Julie quickly uncrossed her legs, yanked her pants down in panic as she lost all control and a waterfall started. She quickly sat down on the toilet, relaxed.

She looked at her pants; in the short moment of lost control the pee had soaked her pants almost down to her knees. Her heart was slowing down now and she felt her butt getting wet; she hadn’t gotten her panties down with them, she realized. As she looked down, she saw herself peeing full force through her white panties. She felt defeated; not once today she had made it to the toilet. She felt really depressed, as her problems that ended a few years before seemed to come back to her. She had changed schools after the problems had disappeared, made new friends that didn’t know of all her accidents, she wasn’t teased about it anymore; she had to find a solution!

Still sitting on the toilet in disbelief of what had just happened, she heard a car coming onto the farm. She quickly got up and ran upstairs; she got her bag with dirty laundry and opened it, grossed out by the smell. She quickly undressed and put her clothes inside, got her clean, red panties, put them on and found a light-blue sleeping shirt. She went downstairs as fast as she could to not seem suspicious. As she entered the living room, she saw Kathy enter on the other side. Her sister kept her eyes focused on the ground as she passed, and Julie could see the back of her skirt; it was wet, clinging to her butt and legs.

“What happened?” Julie said.

“You’re not the only one who couldn’t hold it today” her mother answered. “Your sister has had an accident on one of the rides. I told her she shouldn’t go on it because it seemed pretty intense, but she did anyway.”

“Well, I think it’s time for you girls to go to bed. I would not want to encourage this kind of behaviour you showed us today” her father said. “Tell your sister she has to stop by us for a moment after she is done showering and then she should go straight to bed.”

Julie reluctantly started to her room; normally when she did not have to go to school she was allowed to stay up as long as she liked. Passing the bathroom she informed her sister of what her parents had just told her, and just stepped into bed. She would go to the toilet when her sister was done showering, just to be safe even though she had just peed.

Julie, tired from her short night yesterday, had almost fallen asleep when Kathy came into the room. Julie looked up, rubbing her eyes, and was happy she was still awake to use the toilet. Once outside, she realized something; was Kathy wearing a diaper? Nah, that couldn’t be; her parents did not believe in that solution after being potty trained. They always just protected the girl’s mattresses. She had probably seen it wrong from being that sleepy. Julie just went into the bathroom and sat down on the toilet. A light trickle of pee was all she could produce, but she was happy it was out of her; now there was less chance of having an accident that night. Once back in bed Julie quickly dozed off.

At about 4 a.m. Julie was woken suddenly; there was warmth spreading around her. She first felt her pee pouring through her panties going down over her leg onto the bed for a few seconds before she was awake enough to stop it; that was when she fully awoke. She gasped in disbelief; she had wet her bed, while she did go to the toilet only a few hours ago. She moved her blanket out of the way and got out of bed to check the damage; it wasn’t that bad, but her sheets certainly needed washing. She hadn’t completely soaked the bed, but there was a basketball-sized wet spot on her sheets. As she felt some drips rolling down her legs, Julie realized she still needed the toilet for the rest of her pee. Just as she started towards the door, she heard a loud hissing sound accompanied by a crinkling sound and a big sigh from the bed adjacent to hers; Kathy was peeing the bed too. But it sounded strange, different from what she had heard a day ago.

She didn’t have time to think about it; fresh pee started trickling down her legs now. She hadn’t noticed how bad it was for her situation, and had started peeing. Julie started to run to the toilet, pee falling down as she could not hold it back anymore. As she opened the door a thick stream was falling down from under her night shirt straight onto the carpet. She ran on to the bathroom a few meters down the hall where the same happened; as she ran into the bathroom and straight to the toilet, the stream was slowing down. The last trickle of pee dribbled through her panties as she sat on the toilet. She looked down as it died out, lifted up the front of her long shirt and saw there was only a small dry patch on the front of her panties and on the hip she hadn’t been sleeping on. On the other hip and on her butt her panties as well as her shirt were soaked. Why didn’t she run to the toilet right away?

Julie realized she couldn’t hide this one. She had to confront her parents like this, while yesterday they were pretty disappointed already about her accidents coming back. She just toughed up and got up from the toilet; walked past the trail of pee and the bigger puddles she had left behind at the doors. She tried to wake up Kathy to tell her they both had an accident, but she was just fast asleep. Julie went on to inspect the damage she had done to her mattress, but when she lifted up her sister’s blanket she was surprised; all she could see was a dry bed and her sister wearing a pink shirt, which just did not cover the diaper she had underneath. Julie was shocked; her parents had never put her in diapers when she was younger. Why would they do that now to Kathy?

“What’s happening?” a sleepy voice asked. Kathy was waking up now.

“Why are you wearing diapers?” Julie asked her. “Oh, grandma complained about the mess I had left on the floor yesterday” she answered, still not fully awake. She stretched herself out and looked over at Julie, seeing her standing beside her bed in a soaked night shirt.

“Hey, did you wet your bed too?” she asked her sister. Kathy got up and looked around the room; she saw the wet sheets on Julie’s bed, and her eyes followed the trail of pee that started just next to her older sister’s bed. “Oh wow, you really made a mess.”

Julie just hanged her head low. She was past crying about her incidents. “I’m going to wake up mom now,” she said, as was her normal routine after a bedwetting.

“Oh Julie, I thought you were past this” her mother said, irritated, as she got out of bed. “Kathy has wet her bed too…” Kathy said, somehow hoping that would make it better.

“She was wearing a diaper, you probably made a bigger mess” her mom said, sighing. She saw how much of an understatement that was as she got out of her room.

“Why didn’t you just stay in bed? It was wet anyway!” Julie’s mother asked her. “I thought I could make it” Julie said. Tears were threatening to come to her eyes now, but she fought them back.

“We’re going to have to dry clean the carpet” her mother said, as she saw the second puddle behind the door of the girls’ room.

“Hi mom,” she was greeted by Kathy. “My bed is still dry!” she said happily as she walked over.

“Let’s get you changed first” mother said, “then you can go back to sleep. Julie, take a shower meanwhile and I’ll try to put some clean sheets on your bed and dry the carpet as much as possible before you are ready. We’ll see the rest tomorrow.”

Julie said nothing and undressed herself, putting her panties and shirt on her bed, as she was used to from years ago. Her mother would wash them, too. She walked to the bathroom again, this time naked, stepped over her puddle at the entrance and started to wash her wet, clammy skin clean.

