Lily's Unbearable Shoot

Author: Tisiphopee

*000*2026-02-12 20:57

This is a part one! It's literally all buildup for now sorry hehe but I write what I would like, and I like stories that have a LOT of slowburn :> I have proofread a couple times but still apologise for any errors I've missed!

///

Lily's Unbearable Shoot

Part 1

12:45PM

The crunch of tyres over gravel was the humming backdrop to the trance Lily had slipped into, staring at her camera until her eyes glazed over. It was fully charged (camera AND flash), the lens was spotless, card clear... she was ready. When she had applied for the position of second shooter at this wedding, she didn't expect it to really go anywhere - Lily applies for anything with a pulse, and hardly hears back from most of them. 

While photography had been Lily's dream for a good portion of her young life, to get such an opportunity at only 20 years old seemed out of the question! Turns out, a close friend of her mother's knew the planner for this wedding, and one good word later she was having her portfolio shown to Daphne Croft - not her idol, by any means, but certainly a figure Lily knew by name in the world of photography, and she was more than a little starstruck at the time. She was accepted, half because Daphne's current assistant was bedbound with a stomach bug, and half because the woman had seen something in her.

The problem is, Lily liked photography because she didn't have to speak to people. Her portfolio was quiet landscapes, her only city shots zoomed to the point of seeming voyeuristic. Yes, she was extremely shy, almost worryingly so, as far as her parents were concerned. Beautiful and attentive, she kept mostly to herself, much preferring the things she could do alone instead of any group activities. Having moved away from the close-knit community she grew up in, the thought of dealing with difficult strangers, or really anyone she didn't know, made her nervous beyond belief. 

Even back in that same community, her biggest piece of feedback from teachers, counsellors and anyone she shared a conversation with was to try for a more outgoing personality, attempt to socialise a little more. Lily yearned to vanish, blend in - she would dress modestly, almost conservatively. She avoided eye contact whenever she could, and often used to wear her hair in front of her face - obviously, she had never had a boyfriend, or any kind of partner.

The crunching subsided, and Lily slowly came to her senses in the back seat. "This is the place," said the driver. "Oh, thank you," Lily mumbled. She quickly handed him the money that the journey amounted to before scooping up her belongings and getting out of the car. As it backed out of the immense driveway, Lily softly gasped, unable to hold back her surprise. She had been shown photos of the venue, but seeing it in person for the first time cemented just how extravagant it really was.

The manor's gothic architecture towered over her, reminding Lily once again what manner of event she would be shooting today. The pressure made her want to whimper, and her mouth went dry with anxiety. Ever-prepared, Lily removed her 500mL water bottle from her handbag and took a long gulp. It felt very light as she put it back in her bag. Had she drank that much on the drive over? It had been an hour's journey, roughly, but Lily had a habit of drinking from her bottle when she felt nervous, as it occupied her hands. 

She had finished a bottle with breakfast that morning, then filled it back up, meaning she had maybe a quart of water going through her system right now. Lily thought that she'd like to take a quick pee before getting started, but she doesn't know where the bathrooms are, and the only directions she has are to where she'll find Daphne. She peed this morning, and didn't have to go when she got in the car, so she definitely doesn't have to go badly, Lily reassured herself. It's probably nerves making it feel worse. She'll just have to take her break once it all starts up.

Lily walked towards the building, ignoring the staggering front gate in favour of the wooden side door she had been told to find in the email sent out last week. Stopping at the door, Lily wondered if she had to knock, or should just walk in. Decisions like these often paralyse her, even though they're the most inconsequential things in reality. Just as she raised her hand to knock, however, the door swung open, and Daphne Croft took a frightened step back. "Jesus, girl! You startled me!" 

"I-I'm sorry!" Lily apologised, but Daphne was already straightening up and brushing down her neat attire. "Come inside, we've got fifteen minutes, which of course means ten. Your outfit is on the table." Of course - her 'uniform'. There wasn't actually a fixed uniform policy for the photographers, but there was a dress code for the wedding, which had been enforced upon all attendees; even staff and caterers. Who on earth is getting married here, Lily had thought. Her wardrobe, while very modest, wasn't quite 'fancy' enough for these expectations, and Daphne had kindly offered to supply clothing for her at the venue, an offer the girl had greedily accepted, not exactly financially comfortable at 20. Walking into the room, a large wooden dining table sat at its centre, the walls all furnished with bookshelves, excluding one with a large, unlit fireplace. A set of clothes had been placed carefully on the table, folded into a neat little square.

Lily picked them up, then weakly looked left and right, trying to signal something to Daphne without using her words. After that didn't work, she spoke up. "Um, sorry... where should I change?" Daphne, who was calibrating a light meter, didn’t look up. “One of the many empty rooms in this building will do, I'm sure. But time is short, and I don't want you wandering off. Change here, I'll turn around. No one will come in." Lily didn't feel reassured, and dread pooled in her stomach. She avoided changing around others whenever she could - she used to take her clothes into a bathroom stall back in gym class, earning her slight teasing from the other girls. Better than the alternative, she thought, as Daphne pointedly turned her back.

"Oh, and shoes are by the fireplace," she added. Lily needed to impress her today, so the shy girl took a firm breath in and started unbuttoning her blouse. Despite the slight shaking of her hands, she took it off and quickly folded it up. Her shoes and socks followed, before Lily unbuttoned her jeans and wiggled her hips out of them, starting to tremble as the cold air sank in. Now she was naked besides her simple black bra and pink cotton panties, which clung to her shivering body. 

Her figure was shockingly lithe - a genetic gift Lily did not appreciate or acknowledge. She would have made her old classmates furious with jealousy if they had known, but her modest nature kept her killer body a secret from the world. Or the world minus Daphne, now, as the woman couldn't help but glance at a dancing, light-coloured shape in the glass of a reflector lamp, realising too late that she was seeing the pale skin of the shy girl's body. 

Her professional composure faltered for a moment, as she couldn't help but think "Oh my God". She couldn't quite believe it. Lily was currently half-sat against a bookshelf, unrolling the white tights Daphne had provided, looking better than some models she had photographed in her tenure. The girl's bare legs looked incredible, inviting the eye up her thighs across flat abs and perfect hips, sexy and refined. Daphne knew it would be impossible to bring up modelling as an alternate career for Lily without revealing she had accidentally peeked at the young girl changing. Maybe something would come up later to suggest it naturally, she hoped. There was real money there, and Daphne knew it.

Meanwhile, Lily had just finished working the cream-coloured tights up her thighs, a frustrating endeavour as the material was extremely delicate. Finally getting them to her waist, she realised the problem: they were clearly meant for someone shorter. The fabric pulled tightly across her hips, and strained to reach its intended position. Instead, they settled a little low, resting just barely over the waistband of her pink cotton briefs. Lily stood up, the tights constricting with the movement. 

Definitely a little small; they fit her legs tightly, the sheer fabric failing to hide the bright pink of her panties, strained a little farther than it wanted to be. Lily frowned, regretting wearing such a bright colour today. Next, she stepped into the black pleated miniskirt and pulled it up, her hands fumbling with the zipper. She sucked in her stomach a little, and managed to get it closed. Looking down, her stomach dropped. It was unthinkably short. The lightweight material flared out slightly with the pleats, but the hemline itself was shockingly high.

She stared at it, wide-eyed with quiet panic. Would this even manage to cover her panties? Lily never wore anything like this. She had certainly worn the occasional skirt, but nothing above the knee; this felt like a miniskirt, or even shorter! Trying not to think about it, she pulled on the white blouse, which was fancier than her own, lined with lace, and highlighted with ornate patterns. Fastening it shut, she found some of the buttons pulled a little tightly across her chest. Had she put it on first, that tightness may have caused her to panic about how her chest would look, but at this point the blouse was the least of her concerns.

Finally, glancing at the fireplace, she saw her footwear: a pair of simple black leather pumps, with a mid-height, slender heel. They looked elegant and expensive. Slipping them on, Lily felt immense relief - they were her size. Someone was finally looking out for her, clearly. She felt a little unsteady in them, but she could chalk it up to inexperience wearing that kind of shoe. She couldn't remember her last time wearing heels. With that out of the way, however, she had matters to address with Daphne.

'Um, excuse me', Lily managed, inwardly cringing at how small her voice sounded, 'I know it's a long shot, but do you have anything in a larger size? Some of this is a little... small.' Daphne had already turned to face her, and under her gaze Lily could barely get the words out. Daphne, of course, saw the problems. The blouse seemed a little small, and in certain positions there may be gaps between the buttons, but they looked like they'd hold. From the waist down, however... if she weren't wearing tights, the skirt would be revealing Lily's brilliant legs all the way to her upper thigh. The heels made her gait unsteady, and it was clear to Daphne that the slightest movement would risk flashing her panties to any onlookers; using stairs, even just bending over would be totally out of the question. 

But Lily's nervousness was already apparent - the girl was fidgeting like crazy. Daphne knew she'd only be torturing the poor girl if she knew how things really were. She had always followed the same motto when it comes to people's appearance: tell people about things they have the power to change immediately. So she only said, 'I'm sorry, but short of the clothes on my back, I can't offer you anything with such little time so spare.' Lily nodded immediately, having already assumed it would be a no. Trying to reassure her, and just wanting to get to business, Daphne continued. 'Another thing.

I know today's schedule looks like a lot, but don't worry, I have all the big stuff: ceremony, one-on-ones, that's all me. You'll be manning the ballroom, remember?' Lily nodded. 'I remember.' 'Good. There will be people milling in and out of it all day, so get as many candids as you can while they're in there; just fade into the background and let them be themselves.' It'll only be you in there, so try to avoid taking breaks for as long as the room is occupied, if possible. When you're on your own, feel free to kick back.'

Lily nodded again, listening intently. At the mention of breaks, she thought again that she'd like to find the bathrooms and pee before things got going. Also, she was thirsty. Her nerves about the revealing outfit, probably, as they always make it worse. Summoning all her courage, she piped up. 'Um, just one thing: where can I refill my bottle? Is there like, a bathroom?' Daphne replies while gathering up her things. 'There will be more trays of drinks going around than you've seen in your life, dear, water among them. Leave your bottle here, you're without pockets now.' Lily assumed that means she'd be leaving her handbag. 'We're free to take the snack food and little glasses, so don't be shy.'

Daphne didn't know just how much she was asking from the girl there. 'And drink a lot, it'll get hot in here with so many guests. As for the bathroom, the one we've been given to use is on the first floor of the West Wing. The ballroom is in the East Wing, so it'll be up the stairs and all the way across the hall - there's a sign.' Daphne checks her watch, removing a small black object from a bag with her other hand. 'Five minutes now. Put this in, it's an earpiece. I'll use it to contact you if needed. If you need to talk to me, press down on the little button.' Lily nods, putting the bud into her ear while Daphne continues. 'I'll show you to your room, then get started myself. This way.'

The photographers walked in silence down a corridor. Lily felt a little unsteady on her heels, but felt that she'd be walking like this in any shoes with a skirt this short. She kept feeling the fabric brush against her thighs, and it was much too high up. Lily realised she was trembling with fear, maybe because she didn't pee when she had the chance. She knew where the bathrooms were, she tries to reassure herself, but they felt so far away from where she'd be. 'Not to mention', she thought, 'I'm not even sure when I can take a break. When will the ballroom clear out?' Lily can feel the liquids she's had already passing through her system, and knows that while she doesn't have to go yet, she will.

Crossing the floor of an immense dining hall, the pair pass a table laden with food. Lily’s eyes landed on a crystalline water pitcher. Still terribly nervous, her mouth felt desert-dry. Before she could think, she picked up a glass and gulped it down. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Daphne come to a stop, to wait for her. Lily wished she would leave her behind. She wasn't ready for this. This is too much for me, she thought. But Lily wasn't a quitter. Almost defiantly, she reached for a second glass, downing it just as quickly. Daphne's eyebrows raise. 'Aren't you thirsty! Is it nerves?' Lily nodded, swallowed, then started walking again with purpose. Daphne couldn't help but notice flashes of her panties through the cream-coloured tights, the girl's skirt swishing as she walked. She kept quiet about it.

The pair came to a halt at a large wooden doorway, which Daphne swung open to reveal it as a back entrance to the ballroom. There were several small clusters of people there already, sharing drinks and lively conversation. 'Alright, this is you. I'm going to shoot the couple as they prep, then the ceremony. Will you be ok in here?' Lily nods, despite feeling a new wave of fear from seeing these people. Smiling supportively, Daphne nods back. 'Ok, great. I'll be on your earpiece if needed. Good luck!' With that, Lily stepped through the door, which closed behind her, and took a deep breath. It was time to do what she came for.

