(2) Flying lessons

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-06-05 10:03

Today the Gryffindor and Slytherin students had flying lessons. It had been a while since their teacher was ill for two weeks. But today she was back and they had a double lesson. She started by explaining some basic things and afterwards they had to try it themselves. With most students it went pretty well. Except for Neville who couldn't even get his broom to fly. Harry was standing with Ron and Hermoine when he noticed Draco looking at him.

Ever since the bathroom incident he had been very nice and it felt like Malfoy started to like him... Harry felt kinda weird about it but he also quite liked him...Of course he didn't tell Ron and Hermoine, they would think he had gone mad. Harry saw Draco looking again and he smiled. Malfoy smiled back. Ron gave Harry a confused look.

'What's that for?'

'Nothing...' Harry didn't want to talk about it and focussed on making his broom fly, which was pretty easy.

Next step was to sit on the broom and make it fly. Everyone was really exited about this, Harry had been too but he was kinda scared that he wouldn't be able to do it.

The Slytherins seemed to be good at it, and Malfoy wasn't scared at all. Harry was surprised and wished that he could do it as well as him.

They were practising for a while and Harry started to feel the need to pee. It had been a while since he went to the bathroom and he realized that he should've gone before class. He didn't really like asking the teachers if he could use the bathroom since they were always annoyed about it.

He would just try to hold it till the end of class. He didn't know how long it was but he didn't need to go that bad yet...

Then it finally was time for the Gryffindors to fly on their broomsticks. Hermoine was the first one to try and it went pretty well. Harry decided that he would try it too but it didn't go like he expected...

His broom didn't really 'listen' to him and went way too fast and way too high. Harry was scared and started panicking. The broom kept flying higher and he felt like he was going to fall. Plus he had to pee really bad right now and because he was scared it only got worse. He heard his teacher yell that he had to come back down but it didn't work. Harry started freaking out, his hands getting all sweaty and he almost lost the grip on his broom. He wasn't paying attention to which direction he was flying in and he suddenly saw a big tree right in front of him...

Before he even realized it and could do something it was already too late. He hit the tree real hard and suddenly everything went black...

When Harry opened his eyes he was all alone in a dark room. His head hurt and his legs felt painfully heavy. At first he couldn't remember what happened. He only felt confused and he felt an enormous pressure on his bladder.

The broom...

Suddenly it came back. He tried flying on a broom but then he hit that tree. He now realized he was laying in a bed in the school hospital. He started panicking again. Where was everyone? Did he break something? His head hurt so badly.

Harry tried to think and clam down but he only got more worried. He needed to pee so badly, his bladder was about to explode. Why was he all alone?

He suddenly remembered that he already needed to pee during flying lesson and he was afraid to ask. How long had he been holding it? It was long for sure. His bladder was hurting like hell. He had to go now...but no one was there...

Then he had to do it by himself. Harry ignored the pain he felt all over his body and tried to get up. Which didn't work at all. He couldn't move his legs. He panicked again. What was wrong?

Just at that moment he heard someone come in. They turned on a small light and the woman walked up to his bed.

'Hello, Harry. Are you alright?' She asked kind.

Harry recognized her, it was the nurse.

He nodded his head, which hurt him but he ignored it.

'That's good. You need to rest though, Harry. You had a pretty bad accident.' He said while looking at him.

'I...I can't move my legs...' Harry said quietly, surprised when he heard his voice. It sounded way more silent than he expected.

'Don't worry, boy. It will be alright. I gave you some medicine for it. This is mostly because of the shock. It should be way better by tomorrow. You're staying here for tonight of course.' She continued.

Harry wanted to ask her something but he didn't get the chance.

'Do you mind getting some visit? Someone came asking about you.' The nurse said then.

'Eh...no I don't.' Harry answered, wondering who it was.

'I'll leave you two alone then.' She said. 'Think about it. Not too long, boys. Harry needs some rest.'

The nurse left and a blonde boy came in. Harry was surprised.

'Draco?' He asked when Malfoy walked up to him.

'Yes.' He answered. 'You weren't expecting me?'

'To be honest...no...'

Malfoy smiled and looked at Harry.

'Are you doing okay? I saw it happening and I thought you weren't gonna wake up again today....' Malfoy said worried.

'I'm okay.' Harry answered, trying to act like he felt good even though he felt horrible.

Malfoy sat on the chair next to him.

'So what did the nurse say?'

'Not that much. Mostly that I need to rest.' Harry answered, trying to ignore his painfully full bladder. He just really had to go now. He didn't even have time to ask the nurse. Maybe he should tell Draco?

He was embarrassed but he didn't really have any other choice.

'Eh...Draco?' Harry whispered.

'Yes?'

'Could you help me?'

'Yeah of course. Do I need to get you something?' Malfoy asked.

'No...' Harry answered shy.

The blonde boy looked at him.

'It's just...I need to...you know..."go"...' Harry said, blushing a little.

'Ohhh.' Answered Malfoy. 'Can you get up?'

Harry felt bad.

'Well that's the problem. I can't. I can't move my legs it's like I can't feel anymore...' Harry answered worried.

Malfoy seemed worried as well.

'Can't you ask the nurse when she comes back?'

Harry felt a wave of desperation hit him and he was sure he couldn't.

'I'm afraid I can't...I have to go so bad...'

Malfoy saw the desperate look on Harry's face.

'Oh no...'

'I'm sorry..' Answered Harry shy.

'Why are you sorry?'

'I don't know... I don't wanna be annoying...' Harry answered quietly.

Malfoy looked at him.

'You aren't annoying.'

Harry forced a smile.

'Thanks.'

The pressure on his bladder was now unbearable. He felt like he was going to lose it soon.

'Ohhh...'

'Are you alright?'

'Not really...' Harry replied uncomfortable. 'I can't hold it anymore...'

Draco knew he was being serious and that he needed to do something.

'You want me to get the nurse?' He asked worried.

Harry shook his head. 'No, that's gonna take way too long. I seriously can't wait any longer. Please help me, Draco!'

Harry was about to cry and Malfoy wanted to help him but he didn't really know how.

'Okay. What do you want me to do?' He asked while he got up.

'I don't know....' Harry cried panicking. 'Just help me please I'm going to wet myself...'

It was true. He already felt some pee dripping in his underwear.

'Ahhh...'

Malfoy looked at him, it was horrible seeing him like this. He wished he could help but he didn't know how.

Harry looked at him.

'Draco? Can you carry me?'

'What?'

'Carry me.' Harry replied. 'Just carry me to the bathroom please before it's too late!' He said desperately.

Malfoy was nervous as well now.

'Okay I'll try to...'

He got off he blanket that was laying on top of Harry and stood there for a moment thinking of how he was going to do this. He hadn't picked up a boy before and he knew this was going to be weird.

'Hurry...' Cried Harry.

His bladder was hurting so bad and he was going to lose it soon. It was like he could just start peeing right now.

'Good.'

Malfoy didn't think about it anymore and picked up Harry. The brown haired boy was now laying in Draco's arms, it felt like he was carrying a baby. A larger sized baby obviously but Harry was pretty small so he was lucky with that.

It only felt very awkward. For both of them.

'Eh so...to the bathroom right?'

'YES!'

'Okay sorry.'

Harry felt bad, he felt like he was being very annoying but he couldn't help it. He had to pee so bad and it hurt, it really hurt.

Malfoy walked all the way to the door with Harry in his arms, they were almost there when Harry suddenly screamed.

'Ohhh!!!'

'What's wrong?'

'I can't hold it anymore! I'm peeing...' Harry cried.

'Oh my god...Harry hold it!' Malfoy answered, you could clearly hear the panic in his voice as he hurried to the bathroom door.

'I can't....' Harry tried the hardest he could but he just couldn't hold it any longer. The pee started flowing and he couldn't stop it.

'Ohh...' He started crying and tears ran down his face while he was peeling forcefully.

Draco was still holding Harry and he didn't say anything. He just let it happen because he was pretty confused and didn't really realize it until he felt the warm pee wet his robes as well. Draco tried his best to not show the disgust on his face.

Harry peed for a whole while and when he was finally done he felt even worse than before.

'I'm so sorry...' He said crying.

Malfoy looked at him.

'It's alright Harry.' He said softly. It seemed like he genuinely cared about him.

'But...I peed on you...' Harry sniffed.

'I know you did.' Draco answered with a grin on his face.

'But you couldn't help it. It was an accident, okay?' He continued, trying to make Potter feel a bit better.

Harry was still crying. He felt like a real baby laying in Malfoy's arms with his pants all wet and warm from the pee.

'Really?' He asked shy.

'Yes, really Harry. It's alright.'

'But I'm so embarrassed.' Harry answered.

'You don't have to be. I won't tell anyone okay? Do you want me to help you clean up?'

Harry blushed.

'If you want to...'

'Of course.'

They looked at each other for a while without saying anything.

'Maybe I should put you back in bed before the nurse comes back.' Malfoy said then.

'Yes good idea.'

He put Harry back into bed and looked at him.

'Did I already tell you how cute you are?' He said then.

Harry was surprised.

'Eh...no...'

'Well you are.' Draco answered, smiling at him.

Harry couldn't help it but smiled.

Malfoy smiled back.

'Come on, let's help you get changed.'

