Twilight's Desperation

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-06-07 19:11

Well, here's another story I wrote on fimfiction.net that I think would be appreciate here. (Note: Unlike the other two this is the ponies, not the Equestria Girls)

Warning: Contains a few fart scenes. Let me know if that's a huge turn-off for you and I'll re-post it without them.

Twilight's Desperation

Applejack and Rainbow Dash challenged the other four ponies to a game of volleyball. Since Applejack and Rainbow Dash were the best athletes, they decided to be on opposite teams to make it even. Fluttershy and Pinkie Pie were on Rainbow Dash's team while Twilight and Rarity were on Applejack's team.

Rainbow Dash, Fluttershy, and Pinkie Pie already had exercise outfits, and Rarity fashioned similar outfits for herself, Applejack, and Twilight. Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy's outfits were a yellow tank top and skintight white shorts; Pinkie Pie's was similar, but with teal shorts; Rarity's was also similar, but with pink shorts; Applejack's was the same as Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash; and Twilight's was a dark blue tank top and skintight red shorts. These felt a little tight, and Twilight suspected Rarity might have made them a size too small, but she'd worry about that once the game was over.

It was a hot summer day today, so the ponies kept drinking water. Twilight had been outside setting up the volleyball net with her wings and magic, and Pinkie Pie had been outside doing completely random stuff, so they'd both drank at least ten bottles of water each. Rainbow Dash and Applejack, who were busy practicing for the game, had drank twice as much.

After about an hour of playing volleyball, Applejack needed to pee. There was one bathroom in the area, which was bigger than an outhouse, with its own sink and even a shower, but it had only one toilet, without a stall, so the door came with a lock. No one really saw how that was really productive, since no ponies would use the toilet if another was using the shower, even though showering ponies usually left the door unlocked. The ponies that built the bathroom had promised to put a stall around the toilet and remove the lock on the door, but their next chance to do so would be next week.

"Hold on!" said Applejack. "I gotta use the little filly's room!" She ran off toward the bathroom.

Now that she mentioned it, Rainbow Dash needed to pee really badly too. She flew toward the bathroom as fast as she could, hoping she wouldn't lose control from it. She reached the door just as Applejack closed it, and slammed face first into it.

"I gotta go pee too!" said Pinkie Pie, and she zipped toward the bathroom.

"I... I think I do too," said Twilight, and she ran toward the bathroom, choosing not to fly.

Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, and Twilight waited for Applejack to get out. Rainbow Dash desperately needed to pee, and Pinkie and Twilight were very uncomfortable too.

Eventually they heard a toilet flush, and Applejack walked out. Rainbow Dash quickly entered the bathroom. She was so desperate she didn't even pull her shorts down; she just sat on the toilet and peed through them.

"Ahhhhhhhhh," sighed Rainbow Dash in relief. "That's better..."

She peed for about a minute and 15 seconds, soaking her shorts and rump within seconds, while the sounds could be heard outside by Pinkie Pie and Twilight, making them more uncomfortable.

Twilight sat down and squirmed. She had never had to pee this badly in her life. If Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie didn't hurry up, she'd have an accident in her new shorts. She could tell Pinkie wasn't doing much better, as she was doing the same frantic dance she had done in front of the outhouse at Dodge Junction.

It was then that another feeling hit Twilight, one that might make it harder to hold it. Deciding it would be less embarrassing than wetting herself, Twilight closed her eyes and farted loudly. This took a bit of pressure off, but she blushed a little. Pinkie Pie didn't even notice, as she had to pee too badly.

When Rainbow Dash finished peeing, she decided to take a quick shower. She had rather enjoyed wetting herself, but would be too embarrassed to admit that she had done so to the ponies. She entered the shower and turned it on. She'd just tell her friends that she needed to cool down, it being such a hot day.

Twilight could hear the shower from the other side of the door, and this made the pressure in her bladder heavier.

"I don't think I'm gonna make it!" said Pinkie Pie, crossing her legs tight, and fearing she'd wet herself if she moved out of this position.

It seemed like an hour to Twilight, but Rainbow Dash's shower was over in less than a minute. Rainbow knew other ponies were in need of a bathroom, and didn't want them to have an accident. She opened the door and walked out, soaking wet and, quite legitimately, cooler than before. Her excuse was definitely going to fly.

She flew away, and Pinkie didn't even bother to wonder why Rainbow Dash had suddenly showered. She got up and ran into the bathroom, locking the door behind her.

Twilight kept fidgeting, hoping Pinkie Pie wouldn't take any longer than Rainbow Dash. She was almost there!

Pinkie Pie was halfway to the toilet, when she suddenly felt her shorts grow warm and wet. She froze in her tracks as she peed herself. Rivers of pee flowed down her legs, and a puddle grew under her. Pinkie wasn't without shame; she felt embarrassed about wetting her shorts like this, but she did have to admit the relief felt wonderful.

Once she finished peeing, Pinkie sat down in the puddle she had made on the floor and thought about how much she liked the feeling of wetting herself. Her shorts were saturated by now, but she didn't mind.

At least not until she remembered she would have to get back to the volleyball game. She blushed a little, ashamed at the thought of anyone finding out about her accident. So, she took some paper towel and began cleaning up her puddle.

Twilight's urge to pee became greater and greater as time went by. She was now squirming harder than before, not daring to stand up. Why was Pinkie taking so long?

It took a few minutes, but Pinkie Pie finally cleaned up her puddle. She was about to open the door, when she remembered her shorts were still wet. She remembered the sound of Rainbow Dash taking a shower, so she decided she'd shower off to hide her accident. She assumed Rainbow Dash had showered to cool down because it was a really hot day, so she'd just tell the other ponies the same.

Twilight heard the shower turn on, and moaned. This meant she'd have to wait longer to find relief, and the sound of the running water made her feel like she was seconds away from wetting herself. She stood up and started dancing around desperately, at first on all four hooves, her bladder absolutely throbbing.

PPPPPFFFFFFFFFFRRRRRRRRT!

A loud, wet fart made its way out of her butt, much to her surprise. Twilight blushed; it wasn't very princesslike to fart so loud. But, she was sure no one had heard. In her desperation she hadn't even realized how gassy she was now, but she was thankful that it had only been this that had burst out of her, and not her pee. At this point she wouldn't have dared try to fart of her own accord, for fear that she might accidentally pee in the process.

Pinkie Pie sighed in satisfaction at the coolness of the shower as it soaked her completely and washed all the pee off her. This really did cool her down on such a hot day. She wanted to stay here forever. She stood there for minute after minute after minute, taking in the refreshing feeling of the cool water, and completely forgetting that Twilight was outside waiting for her turn.

Outside, Twilight was doing the potty dance more vigorously than ever, standing on her back hooves with both her front hooves on her crotch. She could feel the pee sloshing inside her, just waiting to burst out. She wouldn't be able to hold it for much longer.

After ten minutes, Pinkie was still showering. Twilight couldn't take it anymore so she banged on the door with one hoof, while still holding herself with the other. "Hurry up in there! I really gotta go!"

Pinkie snapped back to her senses. Feeling ashamed of keeping Twilight waiting for so long, Pinkie quickly turned off the shower and ran outside, hitting Twilight in the face and knocking her on her butt.

"Sorry about that Twilight," said Pinkie, and she quickly zipped over to the volleyball net.

Twilight got up, having barely managed to keep her shorts dry. She ran into the bathroom. She was halfway to the toilet when she realized the door was still open. She closed and locked it with her magic, and then ran to the toilet. At last, she was going to get her much-needed relief.

To her dismay, she found she could not get her shorts down. They were, after all, a size too small. Twilight began panicking. She was about to burst, and she was right next to a toilet, but her shorts wouldn't come off!

When using her hooves didn't work, Twilight tried to remove them with her mouth, and then with her magic, but they refused to budge. Twilight needed to pee REALLY badly now, and desperately tried pulling her shorts down in any way she could, even using her wings.

"Come on come on come on!" she said frantically, simultaneously pulling hard with her hooves and doing a two-legged potty dance.

After about a minute and a half, Twilight couldn't hold it anymore. She blushed as her shorts got wetter and wetter, and waterfalls of pee gushed down her back legs, forming a puddle. Twilight almost felt numb from the relief, but she was blushing profusely. She, a princess of Equestria, was peeing herself like a little filly. She had never felt so ashamed, not even that time when she had farted loudly in front of Rarity and Princess Celestia, even though Celestia had seemed amused rather than offended.

Twilight peed for about a minute, and once she was done, she stood there for about another minute, very wet and still in utter disbelief at what she had done. She farted for about five seconds during this minute, but barely even noticed.

She suddenly slipped on her puddle and fell on her butt. What part of her shorts that had stayed dry was now soaked. Twilight stood up, flying into the air to avoid slipping again, and used her magic to clean up the puddle.

Because of the shame of her accident, Twilight wasn't thinking straight, so it never even occurred to her to shower. She decided to fly home and change. She had just stepped out of the bathroom, but then stopped, turned around, and began walking absentmindedly.

She didn't have any other sports outfits to change into, even if she could find a way to remove her shorts. As soon as they saw her without her outfit on, they'd ask why she had taken it off when the game was still going. She could just pretend she got distracted studying... but then, she'd have to explain why she had ran home instead of returning to the game.

It was only then that the shower idea occurred to her. Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie had both showered, most likely to cool down from the summer heat. She could just shower and pretend that she had the same idea. She'd be quick about it in case Fluttershy or Rarity needed the bathroom while she was in there. She didn't want to put either of them through what she'd just been through.

She was just about to find her way back to the bathroom, when she looked up, and realized where she was.

Without realizing it, she had wandered all the way back to the volleyball net, and her friends all had a full view of her in her pee-soaked shorts. She knew beyond all doubt they had noticed, from the way they were looking at her. Twilight blushed and giggled nervously, peeing a little.

"I'm really really sorry Twilight," said Pinkie Pie, also blushing. "If it makes you feel any better, I wet myself too! That's the real reason I showered." She giggled, pretending to find her own accident amusing so Twilight would feel less ashamed.

"Is that so?" said Applejack, who turned toward Rainbow Dash. Both mares blushed, Rainbow Dash trying not to make eye contact.

"It wasn't your fault, Pinkie," said Twilight. "My shorts were too tight. I couldn't get them down."

"Oh dear," said Rarity. "I'm dreadfully sorry about that, darling. First thing after our game is done I'll make a pair for you that are the right size. Why don't you... wash up... and we'll continue our game, if you feel up for it."

Twilight nodded, feeling a little better. She turned around and saw a jewel on the ground that Rarity had put on her own sports outfit, and had evidently fallen off. As she bent down to pick it up, a loud ripping noise could be heard. Her shorts split at the butt, exposing her pink, wet panties. She blushed beet red, and Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie couldn't help but laugh.

To add the final touch to her total humiliation, Twilight accidentally farted. Rainbow and Pinkie laughed harder, and Rarity and Applejack gave them disapproving looks.

"It's not funny!" said Twilight as she let out another loud, wet fart.

"Yes it is!" said Rainbow Dash, patting her lightly on the butt. "We're laughing with you, not at you!"

Twilight farted again, and hung her head in shame.

Once her farting had subsided, she showered off, and the volleyball game continued. Both Rarity and Fluttershy had to pause to use the bathroom before the game was over, but both of them made it easily. Rainbow Dash's team won, then Rarity took Twilight to Carousel Boutique. Twilight peed on the way there, as her later drinks during the game had already gone through her, and blushed. Rarity noticed, but said nothing, nor did she express disgust at Twilight's constant farting in front of her, for she knew it was the last thing she needed.

Arriving at Carousel Boutique, Rarity took some scissors and cut Twilight's shorts off. Twilight sat in her wet panties as Rarity began making shorts a size bigger, and she was feeling much better already. Soon she could put this awful experience behind her!

...

Note: Again, if the farting was too big a turn-off for you I can redo the story without them. (But I do know it will be a turn-on for at least one user here)

