Addison’s accident at school. (2nd story)

Author: Guest theperson2052

*000*2022-06-05 06:34

This is the continuation of my omorashi universe. If you haven’t already check out check out the first story in this universe.

Hope everyone enjoys!

——————————————————

“Man this day is gonna suck.” said Olivia.

“What day doesn’t?” Addison said back. It was Monday and Addison and Olivia just met up with each other at school. They had a lot of the same classes together so most of their time at school was spent with each other.

Olivia was wearing light blue jeans and white crop top while Addison was wearing dark blue yoga pants and a blue t shirt.

As they walked to class Addison brought up what happened on Friday night at the sleepover.

“If I was back their I wouldn’t do anything differently.” Olivia said reassuringly. Addison smiled and blushed while looking down at the floor.

“I wish more of our friends were in our classes. Like Jesse Gia and Chloe” Olivia said with a sigh

“I wonder if they know you wet yourself. I mean your undies did smell like pee the rest of the night.” Addison said with a grin on her face.

“God I hope not. Can you imagine what Gia would say if she found out. I would never live it down.” Olivia said with a worried expression

“Gia isn’t really one to talk. I heard that she wets the bed. Not at my sleepover though, she might have been wearing a goodnight.” Addison told Olivia

“Next time we have a sleepover we should see if we can make her wet the bed.” Olivia explained.

As they got into class they thought about how boring this was gonna be. They had two periods of history and two periods of math.

About one hour into their history Addison realized she had pee. She started to think about what would happen if she wet herself and the sleepover. This naturally made her more desperate so she put her hand on her crotch and shifted her position.

“Don’t pee yourself Addison.” Olivia said in a smug whisper while starring at Addisons crotch.

Addison just shuddered. She didn’t want to tell Olivia that she didn’t have to pee that bad because the teacher might notice her talking.

Their history period was finally done and now Addison could give Chloe the run down of how her bladder felt.

“I have to pee but I might be able to hold it until lunch. And I can’t go to the bathroom now because the lines always long at this time.” Addison said quickly.

“I don’t mind the fidgeting and the crotch holding. I think it’s cute” Olivia said while smiling at Addison.

“Thanks um- babe.” Addison said awkwardly looking at the floor. It felt embarrassing but right.

Olivia just giggled her face bright red. She had been waiting to hear that since the sleep over.

As they head into math class Addison knew that this wasn’t gonna be fun. Math class was already boring enough but she had to hold her pee while trying to take notes.

Time seemed to pass extra slow. It felt like forever but she was finally in the final stretch. Only 15 minutes left in the class.

But as she was just thinking that she heard a voice beside her.

“Think about waterfalls and sinks and shit like that.” Olivia whispered into her ear. She heard Addison whimper and she saw her grab her crotch harder.

Addison realized Olivia was trying to make her wet herself. In a way she kind of wanted to, for Olivia’s sake.

“Think about when I wet myself. How all the pee spilled out. Then you may have had accident didn’t you? All wet right? Then you had to sleep beside me in my wet underwear.”

Addison stopped just holding her crotch and started rubbing at the same time.

Then the bell rang.

“Olivia? I’m gonna need your help ok? Can you cover the wet spot on my ass?” Addison said nervously. She could see the excitement in Olivia’s eyes as she nodded.

When Addison got up her butt and bottom of her thighs were completely soaked with pee. Addison thought that if she kept letting her pee drip out slowly it would be soaked up by her underwear. But instead it leaked through her pants making a massive wet spot that was impossible miss. Her underwear were more soaked then they had ever been. The pee being able to soak around combined with how full her bladder was made the warm wetness soak all over her backside.

As they left the classroom Olivia walked close behind Addison and held books up to her to cover the giant dark wet spot.

Eventually they made it the bathroom. They were at the one on the far side of the school so it was deserted.

Once they made in and they knew they were safe Addison sighed.

“Addison I’m so sorry I was just trying to mess with you-“ Olivias apology was cut off by Addison starting to kiss her profusely.

She let the rest of her bladder go right there instead of ruining the moment by going pee in the toilet. The small wet streaks flowing down her already wet pants made Olivia kiss her even harder.

Their make out session was interrupted by footsteps running down the hall getting closer.

Suddenly Chloe and Jesse ran into the bathroom. Chloe sporting a huge wet spot on her crotch.

——————————————————————

“Chloe we’re almost late hurry up!” Jesse said.

“What are you? My mom? Since when do you care about being late to class?” Chloe said as they both reached the school.

“I don’t care that much jeez. You look like you just woke up.” Jesse said to Chloe as she was fixing her hair in her locker mirror.

“Well Jess, that’s cause I did. All I did was put on these clothes then walk out of the door.” Chloe explained to her in a mocking tone.

But Chloe wasn’t exaggerating. She put on her blue jeans and black long sleeve shirt and she left the house. She was starting to regret that decision in her bladder.

“Man, I gotta pee pretty bad.” Chloe said still looking in her mirror.

“Well we’re already this late what’s the harm in being even later?” Jesse said frustratedly.

“Ok fine we can go to class.” Said Chloe with a sigh.

During class her situation with her bladder didn’t get any better. She found herself constantly fidgeting and shifting in her seat.

“If you have to pee just ask the teacher.” Jesse said to Chloe having been watching her fidget the entire time.

“No I’m fine.” She said in a slightly annoyed tone. She wasn’t exactly sure why she said she didn’t have to go when she clearly did. Chloe was however getting advise about when to go pee from someone who she watched wet herself which might have had a factor in it.

By the time their first class was over her needs were starting to become unbearable.

“Chloe you don’t need to be embarrassed that you have to pee.”

“I said that I was fine ok.” Chloe answered in an annoyed way as they entered the classroom.

She couldn’t concentrate at all during the class. The only part that she payed slight attention to was that they could break out into pairs of two and study. She obviously picked Jesse.

“Hey sorry if I embarrassed you or something. I just didn’t want you to wet yourself. I know it sucks.” Jesse said.

“No you shouldn’t be sorry. I was being an asshole. And I do kind of have to pee.” Chloe confessed apologetically.

The two made up pretty quickly. And by the end of class Jesse was even telling her jokes.

“Jesse stop making me laugh I’ll pee!” Chloe said while giggling.

Yet Jesse kept going because she thought that Chloe was exaggerating to her. Chloe kept holding her crotch while she laughed and tried to stifle her laugh. Jesse told another and it was the straw that broke the camels back.

“Jesse I’m gonna pee-“ Chloe was cutoff by warm liquid flowing into her panties. It soon soaked through her underwear and started to be absorbed by her pants. Eventually she was able to stop the flow. The wet spot that was left on her pants was as big as a soccer ball on the front and the back.

“We have to go to the far bathroom.” Chloe said as she sprinted away shortly followed by Jesse.

——————————————————————

“Oh hey guys.” Chloe said with her face bright red and her hands covering her crotch.

“Um- did you have an accident?” Addison said confused.

“Yeah I let a little bit slip out. By the way, the wet spot really helps out your ass.” Said smiling.

“Oh yeah I forgot about that.” Said Addison as she felt the wet spot.

“I kind of caused it. I told her about waterfalls and junk.” Olivia said.

“Yeah and I made Chloe laugh.” Jesse told her.

“It’s not like you haven’t wet yourself Jesse. Remember the movie?” Chloe said.

“Your not supposed to tell anyone!” Jesse said angrily.

“Wait did you pee yourself during the movie at the sleep over?” Olivia asked with a laugh.

“Well I mean it’s not like we didn’t. We both peed or pants in the washroom.” Addison confessed.

“So we’re all square on the peeing our pants scoreboard?” Olivia joked.

“I guess. Anyway I gotta get home to change my pants. And eat.” Addison said.

“Can we come?” Jesse asked.

“I don’t see why not.“ Addison responded.

