Repeat

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2014-10-16 19:49

Tick tock Tick tock Tick tock Tick tock

The hand on the clock is the first thing I hear as my eyelids flutter and then open. Blank. I see a blank canvas above me, darkness glazing over it. My HEad turns to the left and I see my alarm clock. 2:55am. I rub my eyeS and sit up in my warm bed. Sleep has vanished from my system and I find myself doubting I'll be able to return to it. My torso is hit by the cold air and I shiver. Despite it being Winter I find myself unable to weAr more clothIng in bed. I'm unable to geT comfy and sleep wearIng more thaN my underwear. My leGs are the first thing to exIt the bed aNd they shiver when They Hit the woodEn floor.

2:56am. A drink. I'm thirSty. I stand and walk towards tHe bedroom door. I'd usuAlly try be quiet but my room mate is absent and Dammit I don't care if I wake up the neighbOurs. Tina and Erica can stop Whining and get used to people living next door to their little paradiSe.

Directly from the bedroom is the kitchen. It's a shitty place and I'm pretty sure I'll pick up a parasite if I get any water from the tap. As a step towards the counter, dragging my feet, they get caught on part of the rug. I stop and press down on it. I don't particularly want to fall flat on my face. 2:57am. A busted up face would look great when my parents visit. I open the cupboard and grab out one of my mugs. They're separated due to Sarah, the room mate, being a germaphobe or something. She refuses to use any cup I've used. Ugh. I grab a carton of orange juice from the fridge and pour it into the mug. I'd like to drink it from the carton directly but Sarah would tear my lips off.

2:58am. I start going through the draws, looking for Sarah's sleeping pills. I've been using them to help me sleep. They work pretty well except for some bizarre side effect. Whenever I wake up I desperately need the bathroom. I know it does this to Sarah too, though she refuses to admit it. I think she's started peeing in a bottle or something. Doesn't matter because I get to use the bathroom first in the morning. I've gotta change my sheets at some point due to the occasional leak I have. I have a strong bladder but these pills really do push it. I often wake up, feel down at my crotch and find it soaked with a baseball sized wet spot on my grey sheets. It doesn't really bother me. Not a full on wetting. Is it?

I down the pills with a glass of orange juice and feel myself getting drowsy quickly.2.59am. I decide to head to the bathroom and empty the contents of my bladder before heading to bed. Best to avoid a full on bed wetting. I drop the glass in the sink and walk towards the bathroom. It's located directly next to the bedroom. I run my hand along the wall and brush over the light switch, pushing it. The lights flicker on in the bathroom and I almost close the door before realizing that it'd be pointless. No one else is in here. I suddenly feel my underwear get a little damp as a drop or two make it's way out of my body. These pills are ridiculous. I shrug, not caring about a wet spot and decide it's best if I get a move on.

I move towards the toilet and 3:AM. suddenly I can't move. The lights flicker and slowly dim. They go out and I'm left stood there. Helpless. I can't move a muscle. All I can do is stand, staring at the porcelain toilet in the darkness. The shadows slowly move and distort forming some kind of entity in the darkness. It moves around me but i know its there. stood behind me looking at the back of the head caressing my neck my bowels churn and stomach knots as it moves it limbs up and down my body fear takes hold and my bladder lets go the warm in my crotch moves up my buttocks and spreads a little while it does this it also starts streaming down my legs and tickling my feet as it pools under me the thing grins i don't know how i know this but i know its grinning pee continues to pool under me and the thing is laughing laughing as the urine sprays out of me and th

*002*2014-10-20 21:54

Why the hell has this been tagged as male? I definitely tagged it as female.

