Wet Mario Party

Author: Tina5422

*000*2021-12-28 16:40

Hello again. I use Melissa as my alias when fictionalizing stories from my real life. Here is a dramatic retelling of the first time I met my fiancé‘s college buddies.

Melissa hears that one of her boyfriend’s friends, Nathan, went home to the east coast for the holidays but is now back in-state. Melissa’s boyfriend, Henry, informed her that his buddy Nathan lived a few cities over, a little under an hour away, and still stays in the same city they and a few other friends attended for university.

At this time, Melissa was working and going to school. While she wanted to get to know Henry’s friends, the day the two decide to meet up happens to be a day where she’s working a “clopen” - work until close, then wake up early to open the store - gotta love retail. She normally would never agree, but Henry was very convincing. He promised it would only be a short hang-out for him to catch up with Nathan and for a close friend to meet the love of his life. Melissa and Henry had only been dating for a few months at this point, but Melissa knew this was her soulmate, the love of her life. So when he said this friend’s only ever met one of his exes before, Melissa knew this meant she was special. Additionally, it was early 2020, everyone aware of the pandemic, and she wanted an excuse to socialize again. Staying in her tiny studio apartment by herself most days was no longer sufficing.

That night, Melissa hastily changes out of her work attire, spends a few moments gussying up, and most importantly, ensures she pees just seconds before hopping into Henry’s car. Melissa’s secret is…she kinda always has to pee. No, not a UTI or kidney infection or anything serious like that. More so, she’s the type of person who needs to pee just from hearing the word “pee”. Someone whose bladder feels every bit of turbulence while a plane lands and every bump in a car on a road trip despite how much she restricts her liquid intake. This coupled with her extreme pee-shyness is exactly why she always peed at home twice before leaving.

She hops in Henry’s car and they hit the road. About 30 minutes pass before she feels a twinge in her bladder. She shrugs it off quickly though because she knows that they’ll arrive way before she actually needed to pee. Although her need was nowhere near dire, she did find herself constantly checking both the clock and the GPS’s arrival time for the next fifteen minutes. They finally arrive and Melissa is a bit surprised to see the residence. It’s a dormitory instead of an apartment. That’s fine, she loved living on-campus back in college as well, but Melissa’s heart sinks upon the discovery. What if the apartment they’re heading to doesn’t even have bathrooms in each room? What if they’re communal?

The sound of someone else hearing her stream terrified Melissa, but her bladder was telling her that now wasn’t the time to be picky. While waiting for Nathan to come down and retrieve them, Melissa glances around the first floor, hoping to find a bathroom sign somewhere, but to no avail. Perhaps there was one somewhere on that first floor, but Henry wasn’t familiar with this place. Admitting her need to him would be one thing. But for her first ever interaction with Nate to be - “Where’s the bathroom?” seemed mortifying. She quickly cleared such thoughts from her head and reassured herself that at some point, a chance to dash off to the bathroom would present itself naturally. Finally, Nate comes down and both Henry and Melissa follow him back into his apartment.

Melissa removes her shoes and places her jacket on a coat rack inside. She uses this time to glance around the apartment briefly - still no bathroom immediately visible. Nate and Henry hug before Nate turns to Melissa and they exchange pleasantries. Thankfully, no one seems to know about the half-full bladder Melissa would rather handle sooner than later. Within five minutes of arriving, both Henry and Nate declare that they’re starving and want to grab Taco Bell. They all immediately place their jackets and shoes back on and leave. Melissa had hoped either Nate or Henry would announce they needed to pee before leaving and then she could quickly follow behind. Unfortunately for Melissa, that is not what happened. “No worries” she thought to herself. She barely felt an urge to go anyway.

The drive was fine, no noticeable bumps. Melissa saw it as a bit of a waste to drive fifteen minutes to a Taco Bell instead of just placing a delivery order, but she knew it was probably just her bladder getting to her. She shoved the thought of needing to pee far away and instead allowed herself to be in the moment. Nate was funny and she hadn’t seen Henry interacting with friends before. This was nice. Melissa is not the biggest fan of Taco Bell so when they arrive, she denies wanting anything. Henry surprises her by ordering the largest Baja Blast for her to enjoy.

Fast forward fifteen more minutes, the three of them arrive back from Taco Bell. Nate revealed to Melissa that he was a fellow stoner and showed his collection. Henry abstained, but Melissa accepts the offer as the two split an edible. Although she isn’t smoking, the combination of the edible with her weed vape are causing a sever case of dry mouth. Unbeknownst to her, she easily chugs 3/4 of her Baja Blast along with a Twisted Tea over the course of 45 minutes.

Thanks to the inebriates, the pee-shy Melissa felt her embarrassment diminishing and she was readying herself to ask Nathan outright where the fucking bathroom was. But just then, his two other roommates leave their rooms and join her, Henry, and Nate in the common area.

Although Melissa’s bladder was steadily filling and she was preparing to ask Nate, the shyness immediately washed back over her once the roommates joined. Maybe she’d be okay with two people knowing her need. But four? Four men? Melissa wasn’t uncomfortable around men by any means, but when the atmosphere was all guys she always felt a little left out. The everyone around her started suggesting which YouTube videos to watch and video games to play, but she couldn’t relate.

This only placed more emphasis on her bladder’s growing need since nothing was actively distracting her. Well that was only true until Henry suggested they all play Mario Party. An important thing to note about Melissa is the only video game she plays is the Sims. She wasn’t super coordinated, raised as practically an only child, so video games just didn’t come up much. Her only knowledge of Mario Party was growing up and going over her cousin’s house to play Mario Kart - and she only just realized that those two games differ.

As the game begins, Melissa is losing spectacularly. Most of it is due to her inexperience with video games, but about 10% is because of how little mental effort she can put into trying to learn the game right now. She has her thighs pressed together as tightly as possible. She didn’t want the boys to know about how she was nursing the fullest bladder she could recall having in recent years. She also didn’t want to be the worst player and the reason the game had to pause. She was embarrassed to speak up and quite frankly, by this point Melissa was also embarrassed by just how desperately she needed the toilet. She began to find herself frustrated that no one else has had to pee by now. More than that, she wished dudes just showed chicks where the bathrooms are upon arrival. Why did Nate show her where his weed was but not where a goddamn toilet was??

Her desperation was fueling other emotions. She found herself frustrated. Frustrated that she was surrounded by all these dudes with their height and massive hands that make it easier to reach buttons on the controller, and apparently massive bladders to match. She’s seen both Henry and Nate down entire bottles of wine tonight while all it took was a twisted tea, most of a Baja blast, and time for her to end up desperate. Melissa looked down at her belly painfully. Henry interpreted this as disdain and subtly texted her during an alcohol break between Mario Party matches.

Henry: Are u ready to leave now?

Melissa: I mean yeah, kinda

Henry: Well I have to sober up first anyway before the drive home.

What a pig Melissa thought. He got drunk intentionally to trap her there, she was sure of it. The brief text exchange only furthering her frustration that was soon becoming rage. It’s been THREE HOURS by this point. She couldn’t possibly be the only person needing to pee here, right? There’s gotta be someone else who will have to pee and enter a door and then she’ll know that’s where the bathroom is. She briefly considers asking Henry through text, that way no one else would hear her ask, but what if he doesn’t know where it’s at either? And even if he did, it would still be admitting such a personal need to her lover.

Melissa is doing everything she can to keep the urine inside without letting anyone else know. Thankfully, it’s incredibly dark when it’s this time of night during the winter. She can subtlety bounce on her heel and claim it’s excitement from the game. She can hold herself while everyone is distracting by the game. Eventually, Melissa stops playing entirely just to focus on her need. She could feel her bottom lip constantly quivering, her pussy intermittently pulsating, and her eyes constantly searching for anything that could resemble a bathroom. Her body rocked ever sleep slightly as her right foot tapped. That’s when she felt a spurt. Her cheeks were completely red as she thanked the Heavens she chose to wear black pants today. Her damp panties cling to her pussy, reminding her of her shame.

Then, it happened. At 11:57pm, three hours and twenty-three minutes after arriving. One of the roommates, she hadn’t really been paying attention when names were exchanged earlier, got up from his chair. Melissa followed his path from the corner of her left eye. He opens a door that reveals a bath towel on the other side. Melissa could swear she was seeing stars. Now she knew where the bathroom was! After their roommate excused himself, the other gentlemen decided to head to the kitchen and make some snacks. Melissa follows along since she now knows the kitchen is directly next to the bathroom. She glanced at the door every few moments as she stood and followed everyone else. She kept her ankles crossed briefly while leaning over the kitchen counter. Then, she hears a door unlock. She immediately flies past everyone, including the roommate who just exited.

While doing so, she feels multiple stares of confusion and finally understanding as they watch her carefully peel open the door.

Melissa could hear angels singing as the door closed behind her. She hurriedly turned on the light and began fiddling with her belt. She forgot she wore a belt! No wonder her bladder ached so. She unbuckled her belt with haste, jiggling her legs while doing so to keep her golden flood at bay for just a few more moments. Seeing the toilet magnified her need tenfold. She finally finished shimmying her pants down and finally sat on the blessed porcelain throne. It truly sounded and felt like a miniature waterfall pouring between her legs. She couldn’t recall the last time she needed to pee this badly for this long. As she finishes up and returns to reality, Melissa examines her underwear. A damp spot the size of a golf ball. Her lavender panties now violet in the crotch. Her eyes widened and her cheeks reddened upon discovery. She responds to the dampness in her underwear by wiping dry and getting dressed again.

Melissa and her boyfriend stay for two more hours after that incident. Melissa still wants to leave soon, but the urgency from earlier has subsided. Well, it subsided for the first hour or so. After discovering where the bathroom was, she felt comfortable drinking some more. Not a lot, but a glass of wine. As they prepare to leave, Melissa feels a familiar twinge in her bladder but decides to ignore it. She knows it’s silly but if she peed again, she’d be the only person to pee multiple times during the hangout. Henry and Nate still showed absolutely no signs of needing to go at all. Her pee-shyness won this round.

On the ride home, pressure mounts in Melissa’s bladder. She might have to ask Henry to pull over. She blushes at the thought and then comes to her senses. They’re taking the highway home at 2am on a Sunday morning. No where would be open for her to pee if she asked. So she resigns herself to holding it the entire way back. As she anxiously watches the clock, yet again frustration builds. She tells Henry that boys are rude. She wanted someone to give her a tour while there. That was only partly true. She didn’t even care for an apartment tour as much as a bathroom tour.

Henry: “What do you mean you wanted a tour? I’m sure his bedroom was messy and he knew you didn’t wanna see it anyway. Hell, I’ve never even been inside Nate’s bedroom before. Only chicks give tours”

Melissa: “Well I think it’s weirder you haven’t seen his room. Anyway, I just think it’s basic courtesy to show someone where the kitchen is in case they want a glass of water, where they should hang their coat, and where the bathroom is. You know, common things someone might need to know. Especially when driving across multiple cities…”

Henry quickly catches on and responds. He thought back to all of Melissa’s behaviors earlier in the night and softly chuckled.

“You’re upset because you really needed to pee, huh?”

Melissa turned away. “I’m just saying that’s why I don’t like all-guy hangouts. If there was just one other girl here…” she trailed off

Henry: “Then what? She would’ve found the bathroom?”

Melissa: “Yes exactly! Or we both would’ve been thinking about it at least..idk I just know a girl would’ve needed to pee as soon as I did. Way before Nate’s roommate”

Henry: “Yeah we all wondered where you were rushing too and mutually shared a moment of realization when we say it was the bathroom”

Melissa’s never spoken this candidly about bathroom behaviors before. She was simultaneously embarrassed, yet, aroused that all the men were aware of her predicament despite her best efforts to hide it. She pushes to continue the conversation.

Melissa: “You just don’t understand. I had to pee for hours! It was getting so bad. I was just praying someone else would go first”

Henry chuckles again. “You could’ve just asked. Or, if you were shy about it, you could’ve just texted me and I’d ask for you”

Melissa smiled and so did Henry. She knows she has her strange quirks and fixations, it’s to be expected with OCD. But it was nice she had a partner who wanted to be there for her even in all the little ways. She held his hand tightly. They then came up with a plan where whenever they went someone Melissa wasn’t familiar with the layout of, he would immediately ask upon arrival where the bathroom was or he would whisper it to her upon entry if he already knew.

The second he parks the car, Melissa’s bladder knows the countdown has begun. She rushes to the front door, pausing for just a second to squeeze her legs together as her boyfriend catches up - he may have known about earlier in the night but she wouldn’t let him see she was in the same situation for a second time. She hits the “close” button on the elevator and then her floor button as quickly as possible.

She then turns her key, enters her bathroom, shut the door, and pulls down her pants and panties to once again release a waterfall. A shorter one this time, but just as powerful. Her panties were entirely violet by this point, drenched in her urine. She used it as an excuse to remove all of her clothing and return to Henry in the nude after cleaning up. Panties absolutely drenched at this point so she tosses them directly in the hamper. As she finally exits the bathroom, Henry says to her with the cheekiest grin on his face, “What were you doing in there, baby? Frying chicken?”

She pulls him in for a kiss as he fingers her, happily surprised by how wet she is already.

Maybe the night wasn’t so bad after all.

