Any Other Day

Author: Twist&Shout

*000*2017-02-23 23:12

When you woke up that morning, it had been like any other day.

Your alarm went off at 7:00 like it was supposed to. You woke up, pulled on a t-shirt and some skinny jeans, brushed your teeth, ate half a bowl of cereal, and stood on the curb waiting for the bus while hurriedly finishing up the homework that you were supposed to have gotten done the night before.

Well. Almost like any other day. There was just one difference.

You'd been so distracted by the homework you had to complete, you'd forgotten to use the toilet that morning.

You didn't realize until you were already halfway to school, but it was okay. You were a bit odd in that you had never really needed to relieve yourself in the morning since you turned 16 a year ago, and you only did so out of habit. Besides, your bladder was still empty -- you didn't even feel a single drop in there.

Before long, your bus reached school. You absentmindedly thanked your bus driver whose name you never could remember as you climbed down the steps and onto the sidewalk.

It had been like any other day.

You went to your locker right away, getting everything you needed like you were supposed to. You dropped off the books you didn't need, double-checked you had your homework finished, and then headed to homeroom.

Like any other day.

Honestly, that's the part that hits you the hardest. It had been like any other day. How could it be that something so embarrassing could've happened on such a regular day...?

~~~

The first half of the school day had crawled by, but at last the bell rang and you were able to head to the cafeteria. As you ordered your regular soggy meatloaf, brown noodles, and questionable-looking vegetables, you realized that your water bottle was empty. The air conditioning unit at your school was broken, and so you had found yourself drinking more water than usual. So you decided to head to the vending machine to purchase a bottle of water.

You sat down at your regular table, ate your food, and, of course, drank lots of water. By the end of the lunch period, you'd already gotten halfway through your water; the meatloaf had been a little too salty that day.

After some consideration, you decided to buy another bottle of water. As you didn't really want to be carrying around two bottles, you chugged down the remaining half and tossed it in the trash.

That was when you felt the pang. It may have been the first one, but having just drunk 32oz of water, it was surprisingly hefty. You were about to head to the bathroom when the bell rang.

You really didn't want to be late for class. So you decided you could hold it for another half-hour and went to your next class.

~~~

Hey, guys! Hope you enjoyed reading Chapter One of my story. This is my first ever fic, and actually the first post I've ever made, be it forum or commenting on another post. This chapter clearly didn't contain much desperation, but I promise there'll be plenty of that in chapter two. That'll be coming out soon -- check back to see when!

*001*2017-04-03 23:45

It was the last period of the day, and you were starting to regret your decision to hold it. As the day wore on, your need had been getting more and more urgent. You hadn't been able to find the time to go to the bathroom between classes, and your school had a strict policy on not allowing students to use the bathroom during periods no matter what. By now, though, you were already fairly desperate. You'd finished your third bottle of water already, and you were really feeling the 48oz of water filling up your bladder. Add that to the fact that you hadn't peed since last night, and it was pretty impressive that you weren't more desperate.

But you were in math class, your favorite. So you let yourself get lost in the numbers, and you soon forgot about your need to pee. When the bell rang, you stayed behind for a couple minutes to talk to your teacher, telling yourself that you'd use the bathroom right after a quick chat. But still distracted by the calculations you were doing in your head, you didn't realize how fast time was going by until your teacher stopped your conversation to let you know that if you didn't hurry, you'd miss your bus.

You looked at the clock on the wall and dread coursed through your veins as you realized that if you didn't get to the bus, now, it would leave without you. And you couldn't let that happen.

You thought about your urge to use the washroom, weighed it against parents who'd definitely be mad if they had to leave in the middle of work to pick you up from school. You knew your bus ride would only take about fifteen minutes, as you were the second stop. Besides, you didn't have to go that bad.

You quickly made your decision -- you'd hold it the extra fifteen minutes and head straight to the bathroom when you got home. It was a pretty easy choice to make logically, but you could feel your bladder rebelling when you sprinted down to the bus and got in an aisle seat with only thirty seconds to spare.

The bus started to move, and immediately hit a bump, jostling your bladder. It wasn't something you'd notice any other day, but that day, it seemed like your bus was making an effort to jostle you as much as possible. You pressed your thighs together and searched for something to think about other than how much longer it'd be until the bus reached your stop or your impending need to find a bathroom. Sitting down really wasn't helping your cause, especially in the aisle seat where you had to brace your feet against the floor to avoid falling off the seat, and the running you'd done hadn't been a great idea either. You started to wonder if it had been a mistake to board the loud, smelly bus you were sitting on.

Eventually, you managed to distract yourself with mathematical equations and problems in your head. Eight minutes flew by -- and then the bus ran into a problem.

Literally.

Your bus had been going along pretty smoothly, when suddenly, a black sports car ran a red light -- right in front of the bus full of kids. Your bus driver had to slam on the brakes, and you felt it as a sharp stab to your bladder. You could almost feel the liquid sloshing around, and -- you couldn't help it, it was too much to bear -- your hands shot to your crotch for a second.

Cheeks burning, you quickly removed your hands and looked around to see if anyone had noticed. Fortunately, no one had. Besides, it had only been for a second. You were sure that if you hadn't held yourself, you would have leaked.

Still, that jolt had taken its toll, and you had to cross your legs and lean forward a little before you could recover.

By that time, however, you'd started to realize that something was quite definitely wrong. Your bus hadn't started moving again, and kids were yelling and even starting to get out of their seats and walk up to the front. You turned to the person sitting next to you and, eyes darting around nervously, asked if he knew what was going on.

An oddly familiar voice responded, "I think that when our driver hit the brakes too hard, it broke something and now it can't move anymore. We have to wait for a substitute bus to come, and then we have to wait even longer for the police to come and clear up the legal issues with that black car cutting us off."

In a panic, you demanded in a more angry tone than you'd intended, "Do you know how long it will take?"

"I'm not sure. Hours, maybe."

Hours?!

You bit down on the inside of your cheek. You didn't think you could hold it that long. You crossed and uncrossed your legs, fidgeted, and wiggled your butt. Of course, the boy with the familiar voice, who you hadn't looked at yet, noticed, and asked you what was wrong.

You gave a little start. You had to think of a lie, and fast. "Uh... I... I'm just... my jeans are too tight. That's all." It's not really a lie, you tried to convince yourself. After all, your jeans were too tight. And that was not helping your bladder at all.

In an attempt to convince him of what you were saying, you raised your eyes to his and finally looked at him. But when you realized who you were sitting next to, you very nearly wet yourself in front of him, right then and there, out of surprise.

You very nearly wet yourself in front of Adam. The cute boy who you had the world's biggest crush on.

Crud.

*004*2017-05-04 22:22

{{On 4/7/2017 at 6:14 PM, kenn said:

I love this so far :)

}}

{{On 4/8/2017 at 1:06 AM, OmoAl said:

Awesome, I love second person stories!

}}

Thank you! It really means a lot

