Articulate Morning Giggles

Author: TopCat31

*000*2023-07-02 08:00

Just a little story I made up for fun, let me know what you think 🙂 never sure if my stories are any good and even worth sharing.

Peeking the top of her head out of her sleeping bag Emma could see she wasn't quite the last one up. Loz still looked fast asleep in her sleeping bag, Mily, Grace and Zara were giggling away around a deck of cards.

The morning brought a wave of sensations, the fresh, damp North Welsh air replacing the stale warm air inside her sleeping bag. The dim light forcing her eyes to half close. The throb of her aching joints, from the previous 2 days of hiking. The pitter patter of light rain on the tent. Emma freed an arm, which acquired her glasses, allowing her to see properly, but quickly withdrew to her sleeping bag not wanting to draw attention that she was awake.

Her senses now catching up, she realised that there was a cold, damp feeling between her legs and around her bum. The slight scent wafting up her sleeping bag confirmed to her brain that she had wet the bed. It wasn't a bad feeling, Emma kinda enjoyed it but never around friends. None the less she felt a wave of arousal spread over her but resisted the urges. She hunkered down so her eyes were looking out at the tent but nothing else.

As Emma laid there wondering how she could get up without getting noticed, but enjoying the damp cotton of her knickers clinging to her and the occasional smell of urine caught by her nostrils, to actually do anything about it. She noticed that none of her friends were wearing anything, except for Mily in a tan bra.

The sight only added to her arousal, she wasn't particularly attracted or have any desires towards girls but flesh on show did excite her. For a girl of 29 she'd had no experience with sexual activity, save her own hands, it was an embarrassing topic but one she still didn't feel ready for. She just hadn't met the right guy yet she thought to herself, as her fingertips danced over her nipples with a soft sigh.

Grace must have noticed Emma as she'd left the card game and was making her way across the large 12man tent towards Emma's camp bed. Emma noticed her friend and snapped from her trance, exposing her full head from the sleeping bag.

She watched as Grace walked over, brushing her ginger hair from her eyes as she negotiated the tent. Her hips doing the lion's share of the manoeuvring causing her tummy and boobs to roll as if dancing. Emma felt another wave as she watched trying to keep her head clear but her eyes drawn to neatly shaved ginger triangle between Grace's legs. Gods Grace was beautiful was her only thought, as her eyes met Grace's.

Grace sat down next to Emma's camp bed with a crumple from the groundsheet focusing Emma on reality. "Morning leepy" Grace said with a smile as she played with her hair. Smiling back and taking a long blink "Morning" Emma replied shuffling to face her friend.

Grace explained "It's still early so no need to get up yet but wanted to invite you to play or see if you wanted anything" Grace knew Emma was kinda shy, even around friends, and wouldn't necessarily join in unless invited. Grace was also enjoying the lack of clothing a tad more than she'd admit and knew Emma would need to be told it's ok to wear whatever she wanted, hopeful that would also be nothing.

Smiling at her friends thoughtfulness Emma replied "I would but umm..." she shied away. Grace wouldn't care about the wet bed but it was still embarrassing to admit. Grace cut in guessing that it was the lack of clothing "you can wear whatever you want, we're only playing donkey, just felt like being naked" hopeful her casual tone put her friend at ease. "Oh not that, I quite like that" blushing and her eyes nearly popping out of her head realising what she almost admitted. Quickly moving on "I've wet the bed" feeling very embarrassed added "and I'm all articulate"

Grace giggled at her friends embarrassment, Emma looked adorable when she was shy "well best thing is to get you cleaned up" leaning in "as for the other thing, I think we're all in that state this morning" Emma admitted with a big smile nodding to herself.

"Ok I'll be over in a min" Emma said sitting up pushing her wavey brown hair behind her ears. Grace smiled and walked back to the game, which was being laid out for 4, swaying her hips as she returned in a little display. Emma caught glimpses of Graces milky white bum cheeks jiggle as she walked.

As she got out of her sleeping bag she noticed Loz also now getting up. Emma sat round and noted that her knickers had turned slightly see-through with a yellowy tint and clung to her tightly giving her a wedgie and a camel to. She didn't bother to correct either and set about looking for the wet wipes.

Meanwhile Loz had joined the others, also wearing nothing, was talking about starting breakfast or at least making drinks. The ordering process was interrupted by Emma as she asked the room if anyone had seen the wet wipes.

The 4 girls looked towards Emma who was standing with her hands on her hips, her wet yellowish translucent knickers in full view along with her very firm boobs topped by her obviously hard nipples. Her wavey brown hair contrasting her white freckly skin. Emma was at make or break point, her arousal at her naked friends and wet knickers driving her crazy but her embarrassment wanting her to cry. Her friends reaction would determine the outcome of the battle.

There was a corus of sympathy, as the girls bussled around looking for the wet wipe bag. Zara found it, holding it up to the room in victory, throwing it to Emma. Grace asked "do you want a hand cleaning up?" Which attracted the attention of the group. Mily joked "I'd've wet the bed for that attention", followed up by Zara "save it for the showers ladies" resulting in fits of giggles from everyone.

Grace tried to explain herself but everyone was laughing too hard. Through the laughter Zara was holding herself saying "stop, I might wee, please" but this only caused more laughing. As the laughing started to tail off Zara moved her hands revealing a little puddle on the groundsheet and her dark skin between her legs glistened from the apparent accident.

Mily clicked her fingers at Grace "another cleanup in isle 5" causing the girls to burst out laughing again. Zara stood up holding herself ran towards the door where it's grassy. Suddenly a stream of wee from released as she removed her hands and stood upright. Laughing at the spectacle, Emma was transfixed on Zara's stream as it cascaded from her friends hairless, black vagina, and she was evidently enjoying it.

To be continued...

*002*2023-07-03 08:15

PART 2 hope you enjoy, let me know any ideas you'd like to include.

The laughter turned slightly awkward as Zara's stream slowed. After a few drips Zara let out a big sigh "that's better" she let out clearly relieved. Trying to lighten the mood she cocked her hip put her hand on it and threw back her hair with the other "I think I need that clean up now, if it's still going" causing the girls to start laughing again.

The laughter faded away as Zara went to sit back down and just sat right in her little puddle. Noticing that Mily and Grace giving puzzled looks she said "I'll keep leaking if we keep laughing" she wiggles a bit "besides I kinda like the feeling" causing the girls to giggle.

Mily announced "well before we start another round, and we're just going in the tent, I need a wee too" as she started to stand up. Grace added "actually that sounds good to me" and followed Mily to the door.

Grace stood facing the corner with her arms across her chest, Emma guessed to rub her nipples privately, as she peed. Mily squatted down with her back to Grace directly facing Zara but keeping her knees together. The tell tale pitter patter soon started, Zara said "at least I put on a show" causing giggling all round.

Grace didn't move but Mily parted her knees giving the others a clear view of her perfectly trimmed landing strip, between her tanned legs, with pee seemingly gushing out the bottom. Emma felt like her nipples would explode and she ached for some relief, she would've sworn her knickers were slightly damper as well.

Before long the stream and pitter patter had stopped. Grace's legs glistened in the morning light, where her stream had run down. Otherwise that was the only evidence on there person at what the girls had just done. They resumed there places "you too playing?" Mily asked looking at Emma and Loz.

Emma was still standing in her knickers holding the wet wipe bag, as if breaking from a trance shook her head "maybe the next round" indicating to herself "still gotta clean up". Loz stammered "I'll sort drinks first". Mily turned her attention back to the cards as Zara started to deal.

Emma caught Loz's eye, who mouthed "you ok" Emma shook her head slightly mouthing back "not really, you?" Loz shook her head in return. Emma and Loz had known each other forever and were the closest of the group. While Emma was initially shy, she could be coaxed out of her shell with a little reassurance. Loz wasn't shy, more like socially unsure, she would join in ok but stayed quiet and towards the edge of a group, like trying to work out what to do.

Loz tilted her head and pointed down, asking if it was the wet bed that had her friend upset. Emma shook her head slightly again, pulled back her brown wavey hair exposing her very hard nipples amplifying them as she cupped her small bump of a boob. Loz smiled sympatheticly knowing Emma wasn't comfortable with her body in that state.

Emma mouthed "bout you" Loz tilted her head mouthing "me too" knowing that wasn't Emma's question. Emma gave a frown in reply. Loz retracted her neck into her shoulders with a cheeky grin, shook her head pointed down and mouthed "wee".

Loz had set the kettle to boil and arranged the mugs and tumblers for the girls. She glanced over at Emma as she poured the squash for each of them. Emma had slipped off her knickers and dumped them on the floor, revealing her white, almost clear, cleanly shaved vagina.

Emma was wiping down her legs and bum. As Loz went to hand the other girls there squash "hot chocolate will be a minute" she confirmed to them as she walked towards Emma with a cup in hand. Unlike the others Loz sported an all natural look, she'd never shaved her pubes and had a thick wirey bush that covered everything, she also not shaved her armpits and tufts were poking out even though she had her arms down. Her boobs were modest and wibbled gently with every step, her very hard nipples exaggerating the movement.

She put her hand on Emma's back, causing Emma to turn around. Handing over the squash Loz took a moment to silently reassure her friend with a long blink. Emma responded in kind and tucked her hair behind her ear with her free hand. Emma took a long swig from her cup as Loz whispered "need a hand with the bed?" Emma nodded.

The girls had anticipated wet weather and brought a couple of clothes racks so they could hang wet things inside the tent. Bundling up the sleeping bag and Emma's knickers they manoeuvred there way to the back of the tent. The size of the tunnel tent meant that this allowed them to whisper without being heard, especially as the others were engrossed in their card game.

As they spread the sleeping bag out to air and dry Emma looked at the ground whispered "thank you". Loz finished straightening the sleeping bag "you're welcome" came a perky whispered reply. Emma was hanging out her knickers, Loz hadn't noticed before but they were frilled around the leg bands and had a big faded duck on the front. "Those are cute" she said instictly, forgetting to whisper.

Emma blushed, leaned in whispering a reply "they're actually from the kiddies section" finding the label and brandishing the size 10-12 years print "pays to be small" she finished. Loz confirmed well you're both cute, wrapping an arm around her friends waist in a little hug. Emma's blush deepened at the physical contact.

Loz noticed Emma pulling away slightly "sorry, you know it's ok though?" she affirmed removing her arm. Emma straightened up "yeah, it's just I've never done anything, not even kissing, so not terribly comfortable" she admitted looking down. Emma questioned "y'know you could have weed with the others, it would have been ok?" the sight of their bodies reminding Emma of her friends discomfort.

Loz replied, double tucking her straight black hair behind her ears "when I realised that they had already started and I was nervous about joining in. And don't change the subject"

To be continued...

*003*2023-07-03 21:27

PART 3

Emma tilted her head and poked out her tongue "I didn't... not exactly". Loz's eyes went very big and placed her hand on Emma's tummy as if to stop her moving, even though there was no hint of her leaving the conversation "are you enjoying seeing us naked, do you like girls!?" Loz in a surprising whisper. Emma beckoned her to lower the volume, leaned in "not girls, though I'm not used to soo much flesh... And you're all gorgeous" Emma whispered defiantly. Loz struck a little pose, then her eyes went wide again. Fear gripped Emma as she thought her had sussed her secret. "Is it the wee? Do you like seeing people wee?!" Loz whispered in her ear.

Emma was both terrified and relieved someone else knew her secret, in response she sucked in her lips and slowly nodded in admission. Loz hugged her and whispered "Aww you've got a wee kink, that's so cute! I thought you weren't really interested in anything at all like that, like totally disinterested". Emma smiled, pulling out of the hug but keeping hold of Loz's hands "it's more like I don't think I'm ready".

Loz was bobbing from knee to knee, Emma couldn't tell if it was excitement at this realisation or if she needed to pee, or a combination. Pulling the two of them closer Loz took a serious tone "I need the lowdown, how could you keep that a secret?" Emma firmly whispered "Loz, calm down, I'll tell you, just keep it a secret, please." Loz nodded and her bounced slowed "is that a little pee dance?" Emma enquired.

Loz frantically nodded "feel like I'm gonna burst but I wanna keep talking" Emma drew their attention to the ground, wiggling her toes through the grass and suggested "go potty in the grass here, we can keep talking". They were interrupted by the others laughing, still engrossed in their game.

Loz giggled "did you say potty?" Emma smiles and nods "You are adorable. Ok don't expect a show, this time" Loz continued gently booping Emma's nose with her little finger. She positioned her thighs together but feet slightly apart and stood still. Emma was trying not to stare but also read Loz's face, her heart was racing and could feel waves travel through her as the inside of her thighs felt slightly damp.

Loz gasped a little and whispered "I don't usually go potty standing up" Emma felt a warm wet spread around her feet, looking down saw pee streaming down Loz's legs and creating a puddle where they stood, Emma was in heaven and convinced she was dripping being so turned on.

Loz seemed to pee forever and broke Emma's trance when she stepped away, clearly much more comfortable. Emma looked down and could see drops of wee caught in Loz's pubes occasionally glinting in the light.

*004*2023-07-05 03:00

Part 4

"Right, now that's done. You're kink..." Loz stated with an expectant quizzical expression. Emma could barely keep her thoughts straight but managed a reply "what d'you wanna know?" Transfixed on the wet bush between Loz's legs. Loz raised Emma's chin smiling "I've known you forever and never seen you like this" she leaned in "I'll cover for you if you need to play?" Emma snapped out of her thoughts, she's not doing that in the tent! "Sorry, you were asking".

Loz went abit serious "Em, if this is too much and you need to relieve some pressure, I'm not gonna steal a kiss, but I'll cover or join you. No judge, just ask". Emma came to her senses "no... I'll wait til showers" turning red. Loz could see her friend was genuine "ok, what is it? When did you realise? And... No they're a good start"

Emma took a deep breath and answered "So it's anything wee related, pants, strange places, over people, toilet, boys, girls... it's the mischievous naughtiness of it... oh except drinking" both girls pull icky faces at the thought "probably realised in our teens when we had a few accidents, that I enjoyed it. The bedwetting at uni confirmed that" she sighed with relief having finally said it.

Loz looked at Emma stunned "you've kept that hidden all these years? All those pee buddy times, swimsuit wettings, accidents must have driven you mad. And you've never kissed" Emma shook her head, Loz continued "Gods no wonder this morning is driving you wild. I'm an awful friend not ever spotting you were carrying such a burden" she gave her friend a big hug "don't feel alone anymore ok, if you wanna ask or tell something, you say alright?" They look at each other and nod. Emma whispers "thank you, you're never an awful friend, just these things frighten me"

Loz smiled, it was like talking to a teenager, she touched her arm reassuringly "we're all friends, you're safe and no-one will judge or make you do anything, we love you lots. And if you have to deflect attention or hide, pass it onto me." Emma hugged her tightly pressing their bodies together, Loz wrapped her arms around her friend in return. It felt strange having their boobs press together and Loz's pubes tickled a little.

The talk had calmed both of them down somewhat. They walk over to the others, who were still enjoying their game. Grace says "hay, everything ok?" Noting they'd been a while. Loz replied "Yeah Em just needed a little reassuring and a pep talk" smiling at Emma who smiled back as she sat down with her cup of squash.

Loz finished making the hot chocolate and proceeded to hand them round and take her place next to Emma. She noted to Emma that Zara's puddle looked abit bigger from more leaks, causing Emma to blush as she'd noticed as well.

As she was dealing Mily asked "After hot chocolate shall we get ready for the days hike?" Zara was first to reply "Actually my feet are kinda enjoying the rest the sea isn't far, why don't we spend today around camp and swimming?" There was a murmur of agreement among the group.

Loz chipped in "oh, we're out of milk so need to pop to the shop so be good to make a list later" Mily pushes up her boobs "might be able to help on the milk front" the girls all burst out laughing. Loz exposes her nipples "yeah turn on the taps ladies" causing more laughter. Emma caught a glimpse of Zara who was actually dribbling wee as she laughed, without any attempt to hide or prevent it. Causing Emma's whole body to leap with excitement.

The laughing continued Grace pleading through her giggles "don't put ideas in my head it's hard enough as it is". Everyone in the group knew Grace liked both guys and girls, it didn't bother them as she rarely made a thing of it, maybe they were pushing the line abit there. The laughing died down abit, Mily asked "you haven't done that have you?" Grace now blushing replied "never got milk, but kissing and sucking nipples feels amazing" Loz and Zara both nodded in agreement. Mily shocked "you as well?" Zara quickly corrected "I mean, like, having them kissed and sucked... feels amazing" Mily said "clearly I'm missing out".

After a few more rounds of cards Emma stands up "think I'm gonna shower, feeling kinda clammy still" The girls agree it's probably time to get dressed. They all proceed to grab their wash bags and cover up. Gathering at the door they head out, mostly bare foot wrapped in towels. The campsite was largely empty and it was still early, coupled with the slight rain meant they were the only ones about.

Zara and Mily walked ahead and took a cubical each. Emma noticed the larger family room was free and stopped Loz "fancy sharing the family room? I'd like the company" Emma said bashfully. Grace noticed they'd stopped and asked "you k Em, don't quite seem yourself" seeming genuinely concerned. Emma smiled "yeah, just wondering if you'd like to share the family room" Grace was surprised and hesitated slightly "yeah, just I umm..." She goes surprisingly shy, Loz cuts in "I think we were going to do the same"

Grace looks surprised at Emma, who nods and adds "need to tell you something too" The three of them head in, once the door is locked drop their towels and gather in the room and turn the water on. Loz asks "might be abit odd but shall we wash each other?" Emma replies "That actually sounds kinda lovely"

Grace says "first things first, what's this secret of yours" looking at Emma. Emma took a deep breath and explained her pee kink and how this morning was too much. Grace now understood "ah so that's what's been with you this morning. Nothing to be ashamed of, I've got kinks, pretty sure Loz will too" Loz nods in agreement as Grace continues "I loved being tickled, drives me crazy" they look at Loz who bravely pushes out her chest "teddy bears, I love um" all three girls giggle.

Grace adds "you weren't the only one driven to distraction this morning, I was fighting not to play" Emma breaks in but steps back "speaking of which, I've never done that with people. Are there rules and things?" In unison the others giggle "no". Loz, now openly touching herself "you just go with what your body wants, forget we're here to be honest" she cups and squeezes her boob.

Grace, now playing with herself asks "you've done it before?" Emma defends her cluelessness "yeah it's just I don't think it's the normal way. I mean it's not what your doing" This got their attention and they stopped dead in there tracks. Grace said "show us and I'll give your way a go" Emma very embarrassed explains "well first slide your hand down from your belly button til it's between your thighs" Grace confirms "ok yep".

Emma following her own instructions continues "now slip your thumb inside. Massage the outside with your knuckle and gently worm the tip of the thumb inside" Grace let out a gasp "this feels incredible" gasping and breathing harder "you're a genius" all three girls were breathing hard and moaning softly.

To be continued...

*005*2023-07-06 06:41

Part 5

Suggestions are welcome. Also are people enjoying it? Hope my style is ok and doesn't drag on.

Emma was the first to climax, it never took her long and she was well primed. She watched their faces as the others worked themselves. To her surprise Grace finished next and the two exchanged looks, they started laughing as they caught their breath. Loz finished barely able to breathe.

Through the laughs Grace asked "where did you learn that. Crikey! Like magic" Emma shrugged "Nowhere just sort of came to me as I experimented and I liked it" Grace stammered "woah, I'd say, you're like a secret sex Goddess" Loz still panting "second that title" forcing the words through laboured breath.

They stood awkwardly for a moment, Emma had no idea what to say or do, not even knowing how to process what they just did together. It wasn't that her instincts were off, they just weren't there. Fortunately Grace broke the silence saying "well I think our little Sex Goddess earned the right to get clean first" Emma moved fully under the water, it wasn't cold but not exactly warm as it ran over her.

Grace went to get the body wash and shampoo as Loz started massaging the water into Emma's hair, Emma stood there enjoying being cared for by her friends, a smile appearing on her face. This caused Loz to smile sensing her friend at peace.

Upon Grace's return Emma took their hands, stopping them for a moment "just need to thank you for taking care of me, I nearly had a meltdown in the tent" the three girls smiled at each other, Emma continued "am I ok to wee before you start?" Loz and Grace chuckle "course you can sweetie" Loz says.

Emma moves her feet apart a little "when I saw you all wee earlier I noticed something different to when I go" drawing their attention downwards "you see when I go a little tube pokes out, watch" just as she finished talking, sure enough, a little tube appears, breaking the smooth curvature, and a stream spirals out.

Emma sighs with relief as they others are transfixed at the spectacle. All to soon the stream dies and the tube folds back in. Emma blushes not knowing what to say. Loz takes her hand, looks her in the eye says "Your body is awesome! Absolutely nothing to worry about. It's just your urethra, some girl's are longer than others is all"

Emma relaxes abit but still blushes, Grace hugs her "I love your little lady willy, it's really cool" the term causes all three of them to laugh. Grace and Loz starts separating Emma's hair allowing the water to run through it. Emma leans her head back a big smile across her face.

Loz pops open the shampoo starts to work it into Emma's scalp, handing it to Grace who joins her. Emma's eyes are closed and she's humming softly, Loz says "haven't heard you sing in a while" Emma needs no more encouragement and softly starts singing a Native American morning song.

It's only interrupted by the pop of the body wash bottle. Grace asks "Em, that's lovely song, what is it?" Emma opens her eyes "it's a Cherokee morning song, it thanks the great spirit for the sunrise, safe night and asks a blessing on the day. I'm using it to thank God for you and looking after me" Grace is clearly touched "mind if we join in abit" Emma shakes her head "it's meant to be sung as a group".

There's alot of repetition and Grace has picked up some phrases and joins in when she can otherwise hums loudly. Loz just hums to the tune as they gently rub Emma's body down. They get to her knees and the singing stops, Emma opens her eyes feeling clean and soft "who's next?" asking with an almost angelic glow.

To be continued

*007*2023-07-07 10:15

{{8 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'm enjoying it and I don't think it drags. If anything, I'd like it to be longer with more detail.

}}

Good to know and thank you 🙂 trouble with more detail I'm not actually sure what the details are 🙈🤭 so quite likely to get it wrong and ruin the story lol

*010*2023-07-07 18:33

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

It's alright, the current amount of detail is good enough.

}}

I'll add abit more but if I get it wrong please correct me. My lack of biological knowledge is an amusement to friends

*011*2023-07-08 04:18

Part 6

Loz excitedly jumps "ooh me next" Grace roles her eyes and goes to get Loz's shower stuff. Emma nervously asks "Umm, Loz, sorry to ask but I don't know, is there anything specific we need to do for... Hairy parts" indicating to Loz's underarms and pubic region. Loz chuckles, and speaks up so Grace can hear "yeah, there's a bar of soap for the hairy parts" Grace gives a thumbs up in response. Emma still nervous "umm, do I, we..." Emma is pointing and gesturing to Loz's boobs "...do/can, we, lift your boobs to wash underneath" Loz sways her hips causing her boobs to swing, affirming "yeah, you'll have to handle my boobs, no need for blushing, we rubbed yours down." Loz winks and whispers "get a good feel."

As Grace came back with Loz's shampoo, body wash and soap and her own, she gives Loz a little pat to the bum. Emma noticed and wonders if she should step back as they're clearly getting frisky and 3 is a crowd, especially when the 3rd is clueless. Grace likes girls and boys, Loz doesn't particularly like girls but is definitely open to play.

Deciding to be brave Emma opts for speaking up "hay" tucking her hair behind her ear "do you 2 want a bit of time to fool around together, I don't want to be a nuisance". Both Grace and Loz blushed at the directness and the thought of them fooling around.

Grace pulled Emma back into the triangle, as she'd stepped back, commanding "don't you be going anywhere young lady. You're not a nuisance, nothing of the sort." Emma butts in "but you clearly want to." a slight fear and upset in her voice.

Loz steps in "Em, it's ok, calm" visibly taking deep breaths "yes, we're both still horny, and I'd be up for playing again but never if that means pushing you out." Grace takes Emma's arm reassuringly. Emma replies "sorry, don't mean to freak out, told you I wasn't ready for it" Loz smiles and says "Em it's ok, you've been super brave and we're kinda proud of you" Grace nodding in agreement "right now it's just friends caring for each other, ok?"

Emma feeling calmer "thank you" she looks at them both "you could go again?" quizzical but slightly impressed. They giggle, Grace says "Yes sweetie but it can wait until later" Loz chips in "and you don't want to miss us going potty again, which can't wait" Grace gives Loz a funny look at the choice of words.

Emma thinks for a moment, noticing her nipples have gone soft and she has a slight urge to wee. Catching her scattered thoughts, she shakes her head and says "nipples" remembering what they said earlier.

Loz and Grace looked surprised, Emma added context to her seemingly random outburst "we're going to kiss your nipples" butterflies forming in her tummy. Loz and Grace's faces lite up. Emma continued "we're going to have a nipple each, for round 2"

Loz and Grace share a very excited look. Loz flicks her hair over her shoulders and puffs her chest out saying "ok ladies" putting her hands on her hips, taking a deep breath. Grace giggled "someone's eager" indicating to Loz. Emma asked Grace "right or left?" without hesitation Grace says "Left" with one hand cups Loz's bum and guiding the left nipple to her mouth with the other. Loz gasped and smiled as her hand instictly went between her legs.

Emma smiled as she put a hand on Loz's hip and sealed her lips around Loz's right nipple. Emma sucked as if she was trying to get milk from a bottle while rolling her tongue over the tip of her best friends nipple. Grace was massaging Loz's other nipple with her lips having curled her tongue around the teet. Loz had slipped her fingers into her vagina, hidden from view beneath a bush of pubic hair, and was covering her mouth with her free hand to quiet her moaning. All 3 girls were enjoying themselves.

Loz's body rolled as her friends massaged her nipples and her fingers added to the dance. She was in extascy and moaned loudly as she climaxed. Emma broke off sensing her friend finish, Grace carried on, giving both girls pleasure. Loz put her clean hand on the back of Grace's head and steadied herself on the wall with the other.

Emma helped Loz keep her balance. A relieved look spread over Loz's face, suddenly the sound of a waterfall started. Emma looked down to see wee erupting from Loz's bush and cascade through the air to the floor. She stared and thought, wow, Loz really had to go. A smiled appeared and she realised she was turned on again, unsure if it was the wee or what she'd just done to her best friend. As Loz's waterfall stopped Grace released her nipple with a big grin, Grace said "let's clean you up" Loz stopped them stating "Today's gonna be dirty, can we raincheck til tomorrow?"

The 3 girls laughed and Grace stepped back to be in full view of the girls. She pushed up her boobs and looked down. Emma's eyes almost popped from her head, as if in slow motion, a tickle appeared from Emma's vagina, opening making it a stream.

*012*2023-09-10 05:40

Sorry for the wait, thought I'd write a few other adventures

Part 7

Grace's stream didn't properly form and remained more of a spray, causing Emma and Loz to step to the side. They were gently combing Grace's hair, being slightly wavey it was prone to knots.

The spray died down causing Grace to giggle "ooh I needed that, but not used to standing up". Emma smiles "it's mainly practice" the comment getting the others attention, she confesses "yes, quite often I pee standing up like a boy" turning slightly red.

Loz and Grace giggle at this new information, Grace affirming "must be easier with your lady willy" causing Emma to blush harder. Loz adds in "yeah, we have to use a hand to open up" causing them all to giggle.

Grace rolled her head back enjoying the water falling over her body while her friends washed her hair. The feeling was freeing and felt as if she could fly. The shampoo bottle closed with a pop bringing Grace to the ground.

Smiling Loz asked "same again?" as she cupped Grace's boob. Grace took a hand each smiling "actually I'll skip the play, I'm liking the clean soft feeling" Emma popped the body wash bottle and they started lathering Grace's body, setting her mind soaring again.

Grace was brought down to earth again as she felt Emma and Loz cleaning her knees. She lifted her feet "you can stop there, being bare foot they'll only be dirty"

Standing up Emma noted that Grace's vagina was positioned slightly further between Grace's legs than her own, which was more forward facing. Grace caught her looking causing her to smile "see something you like?"

Emma knew Grace was teasing and didn't care but Emma hid her face and explained what she noticed. Loz had turned off the water, hearing the observation joined the others examination. Loz then noted her boobs were a different shape and more pointy, prompting a further examination.

Reaching no conclusion, other than it was odd how different bodies can be, they started gathering up their things. Grace and Loz wrapped themselves in towels ready to head back to the tent but Emma hesitated, prompting Grace to ask "you ok Em?" Loz turned concerned something was wrong.

Emma was clutching her towel half covered and replied "I, umm, need another wee" Loz looked at Grace saying "actually I could go too". Grace smiled "well you're big girls, you don't need my help to go on the floor"

They all chuckled and a small waterfall appeared under Loz's towel as she let out a big sigh of relief. Emma lifted her towel and wash bag up exposing her lower half. Grace saw Emma's urethra was already poking out and a stream shot out landing just in front of Emma feet, relief spreading across her face with a smile.

Loz's waterfall subsided, she perked up clearly more comfortable. Emma's stream was still flowing, watching Grace said "you really had to go". Emma just blushed hiding her face as her stream finally faded and stopped.

Emma wrapped her towel around her and joined the others at the door. Once opened the cold air rushed in causing them all to shiver. Grace squeaked and a small jet of wee escaped, hitting her towel. The sound was dominated by the now thundering rain, which seemed to have increased 10 fold.

Exchanging looks there was nothing to do but run for the tent, they'd get soaked but that was unavoidable. Grace was thankful that this would cover her little accident as she felt the wet patch on her towel. Breaking cover they ran flat out for the tent.

Upon entering the tent they found Zara and Milly drying themselves off, evidently having just run the same gauntlet. They all got fresh towels and proceeded rummage through their bags. Addressing the tent Loz asked "guess with the rain swimming is off?"

Milly was already wearing a bikini top answered "guess so" clearly disappointed "I'm still gonna wear swim stuff though" proceeding to tie her bottoms in place. Grace and Loz hummed in agreement pulling out their bikinis.

Zara had gotten back into her sleeping bag sitting at the table fiddling with the cards. She was wearing a hot pink hoody that covered her shoulders. Emma opted against her swimsuit, and pulled on a black sports bra. Followed by a matching pair of black boyshorts, light grey jogging bottoms, blue Pokémon top and turquoise hoody. Rolling up her bottoms choosing to remain barefoot, she joined Zara at the table wrapped in an additional blanket and begun chatting.

The others were similarly dressed in long bottoms and hoodies but started pulling on waterproofs. Without prompting said "we're gonna go to the shop and get enough for today and tomorrow, want anything?" Grace and Emma put in an order for extra biscuits and crisps but nothing specific. Watching as they left the tent braving the rain.

*013*2023-09-10 07:31

Another chapter coz I can't sleep, hopefully the grammar and spelling make sense.

PART 8

Emma and Zara were left alone in the tent. Zara was introduced to the group by Emma, who met in their final year of uni. Emma asked "you fitting in alright?" Zara smiled "you're all great, just surprising how open you all are". Emma chuckled "Good, yeah, not many boundaries, known each other too long for that I guess" musing at the earlier events in the showers. Emma continued "sorry if we are abit cleekee, I'll make sure you're included more"

Zara shook her head "not at all, you're all very welcoming and accepting" they started to casually play solitaire whilst talking. Zara asked "you wearing a Pokémon t-shirt?" Emma was slightly taken aback realising Zara must have watched her get dressed.

Zara asked further "sorry, I noticed it and wondered if you still play as well" Emma suddenly remembered that Zara too had a playful side, something they'd shared at uni, while the others had drunken nights out, they'd stay in and play. Replying Emma sat up "yeah, gone back to try complete silver on Gameboy, as much as possible".

Zara squeaks excited "I found yellow on my Gameboy and doing the same!" they talk where they are in the game and challenges facing them. Zara had crawled out of her sleeping bag, evidently too hot, and was sitting in pj bottoms and her hoody on the floor. Emma shuddered as her bladder indicated it was full. Zara noticed and asked "you need a wee?" recognising the familiar shudder.

Emma blushed "yeah but can wait". Zara replied "you go, I should get dressed. Don't have an accident like me earlier" Emma remembered "I was gonna ask, everything alright" Zara smiled "yeah, was just embarrassed but no-one seemed to mind too much" she blushed slightly.

They got up, Emma making her way to the back of the tent, collecting the wet towels as she went to hang them up. Zara pulling out clothes from her bag, removing her hoody and pulling down her bottoms revealing that's all she was wearing.

Zara held out a bright pink pair of panties and stepped into them. Emma walked past with an armful of towels and commented "Are they Barbie?!" Zara hunched down and covered her front but Emma had seen, looking up she said "please don't tell". Emma was slightly hurt and puzzled "I wouldn't ever, they are adorable and the others won't care."

Zara stood up slowly "thank you, I think they're sexy, but know it's not a popular opinion" Emma shook her head "it's not but they are, most of mine are childish. And Loz wears men's underwear. So really don't worry" Emma looked around and continued "is that a matching bra?!" Now very excited, completely forgetting about her bladder.

Zara picks up the bra, holding it over her boobs as she fastens the clasps. It was indeed a matching set. Emma admires her friend and notices there's a wet patch on the bum of her pjs and picks them up. Zara pulls them from her hand but the scent of urine caught both their noses.

Emma now whispers "did you have another accident, while we were playing?" Zara was blushing, tears in her eyes, just nodded. Emma drops the bundle of wet things and hugs her "this happened before?" Zara took a deep breath "I always have accidents, normally use pads and hide it. Not been camping before so was shy about putting them in, and the hikes I could squat down".

Emma was shocked and excited, a jet of pee escaped causing a warm damp patch to spread over her groin, unsure if it left a mark on her bottoms. Zara pulled a pack of pads from her bag "I don't mind it so much, actually it feels Kida good but it embarrassing not being able to control it" Another jet escaped from Emma, this one slowly running down her leg.

*014*2023-09-20 05:32

PART 9

Excitement was overwhelming Emma, the morning events running through her head, now Zara had just admitted peeing in pads felt good

Zara sat down embarrassed, as she looked up at Emma saw wet spots down her leg. Pointing it out saying "Em you better go quick". Emma smiled and let go, a wet patch formed quickly running down her legs. Grace sat watching, astonished at what she was seeing. Her mouth went dry, looking up at Emma, licked her lips whispered "that was hot"

Emma wasn't thinking anymore, her mind was just a flood of hormones. She bent down and kissed Zara on the lips. Zara was surprised but offered no resistance. Pulling Emma closer and parting her lips kissed Emma back.

Needing a breath the pair parted, half laughing, half panting. Catch her breath Zara whispered "never kissed a girl before" Emma replied "me neither" both girls were very turned on and didn't want to stop but unsure how to proceed.

Not breaking eye contact Zara stood up and pulled down Emma's wet bottoms. They landed with a thud and Emma pushed her knickers down, kicking the pile to one side. Their lips locked again as their arms embraced each other. Zara pushed her knickers to the floor as Emma removed her hoody. Zara pulled off Emma's top, throwing it to one side, the pair lost balance and tumbled to the floor.

This didn't phase them a Emma pushed their lips together worming her tongue in the gap, Zara moaned slightly delighted at the sensation pushed her own tongue back. Zara was on top cupping and rubbing Emma's bum. Zara felt a squirt escape her, Emma also felt it and groaned "don't stop" and wrapped her legs around Zara rolling them over.

Emma unclasped Zara's bra and tossed it across the tent, assisting Zara in pulling off her own bra. Now naked they returned to their steamy make out session, finding a rhythm. There was a small puddle around Zara's bum, Emma didn't care, lost in the throws of her lust.

The sound of a zip and chatter, snapped the girls apart. Bolting upright side by side they saw Grace, Milly and Loz had entered the tent.

