Disciplining Emily

Author: thatgirl360

*000*2024-07-20 16:12

Emily took a deep breath, exhaling slowly. You can do this, she told herself. As she typed, her hands shook, making her fingers slip. She was remarkably aware of the keys beneath her fingers, her hands trembling slightly from the strain of maintaining control. The effort of holding it required constant, exhausting vigilance. Every muscle in her lower abdomen was tense, straining to keep the flood at bay. The sensation spread through her entire body, affecting her concentration, her breathing, and her ability to remain composed. The urgency was a relentless tide, crashing over her in waves, each more intense than the last. The pressure in her bladder was an insistent, throbbing ache that refused to be ignored, making every task feel monumental.She shifted in her seat, the hard edge of the chair pressing into her as she crossed and uncrossed her legs, trying to find a position that offered even the slightest relief.

The fullness in her lower abdomen was a constant distraction, a heavy weight that seemed to grow with each passing minute. She could feel the tautness of her skin stretching over her swollen bladder, every movement sending jolts of discomfort through her body.

As she attempted to focus on the report she was working on, her mind kept drifting back to the throbbing need in her bladder, the desperate desire to relieve herself. She bit her lip, trying to block out the urgent need and concentrate on the task at hand. But her thoughts were clouded with desperation thoughts, her mind consumed by the pressure building inside her. The ticking of the clock on the wall was maddening, each second stretching out into an eternity. Her eyes darted to it repeatedly, counting down the minutes until her next inspection

*001*2024-07-21 08:26

Working on an update tonight 🤤

*003*2024-07-21 09:50

Inspections happened twice a day, once at 8:00 am and once at 8:00 pm. Emily looked at her watch. 5:16 pm. She sighed, hours before her next inspection weighing heavily on her mind. Her bladder throbbed, the insistent pressure making it difficult to focus on anything else.

Emily tried to concentrate on her work, but the fullness in her lower abdomen was a constant distraction.

"Emily, are you alright?" a voice interrupted her thoughts. It was Lisa, her coworker, peering at her with concern. Emily tried to smile, but it came out as more of a grimace.

"I'm fine," she lied, her voice strained. "Just a bit tired."

Lisa raised an eyebrow, clearly not convinced. "You look like you're in pain. Are you sure nothing's wrong?"

"I'm fine," Emily repeated, clenching her sphincter and gritting her teeth as a wave of desperation hit her. She could feel her control slipping, her body betraying her efforts to maintain composure. "Really, I'm okay."

She watched as Lisa walked away, feeling a mix of relief and frustration. It was getting harder to hide her need, the strain of holding it in becoming almost unbearable, her body screaming for release.

Finally, the clock struck 8:00 pm. Emily’s heart pounded in her chest as she stood up, her legs shaking with the effort of controlling herself. She made her way to Mark's study, each step sending jolts of pain through her abdomen. She paused outside the door, taking a deep breath before knocking."Come in," Mark's voice called from inside. Emily entered the study, her hands trembling as she approached Mark.

Please, sir," she breathed, her voice quivering. "Please, sir, may I pee?"

Mark looked up from his desk, his eyes assessing her condition. Emily stood before him, tense and shaking with the effort of controlling herself. Her eyes brimmed with tears as she inhaled sharply, clenching her sphincter and squeezing as tight as she could.

Mark set down his pen, his gaze unwavering. "You know the procedure, Emily. Stand still and lift your shirt."

*009*2024-08-03 13:08

I'm posting a new update soon!

*010*2024-08-04 15:03

Emily complied, her hands shaking as she lifted her shirt to reveal her swollen abdomen. Her bladder was visibly distended, a taut, rounded bulge just above her pelvis. The skin stretched tightly over it, almost glistening with the effort of containing the immense pressure. The sight alone was enough to make her feel even more desperate, a stark reminder of how close she was to losing control.

The sensation was unbearable, a constant, throbbing ache that radiated from her lower abdomen. Every breath she took seemed to press down on her bladder, amplifying the urgency. The fullness was all-encompassing, making it difficult to focus on anything else. She could feel the tautness of her skin, the hard, unyielding mass beneath it pressing relentlessly against her muscles. Each passing second felt like an eternity, the need to relieve herself growing more intense with every moment.

Emily's mind was a whirlwind of frantic thoughts. I can't hold it much longer. Please, just let me go. She bit her lip to stifle a whimper, her eyes brimming with tears of desperation. The effort of maintaining control was exhausting, every muscle in her body straining to keep the flood at bay. She clenched her fists at her sides, her knuckles white from the effort.

Mark stood up, walking over to her, pressing his index finger into her bladder. Emily inhaled sharply as a wave of urgency shocked her body at Mark's touch. Her entire body tensed, her legs trembling as she fought to maintain her composure. The pressure was almost unbearable, a sharp, insistent need that demanded immediate release.

"It feels reasonably full," Mark said, his tone clinical as he felt for the contours of her swollen bladder. "Though I think you could hold more."

Emily's heart sank at his words. The thought of holding even a drop more was almost too much to bear. She could feel her control slipping, her body trembling with the effort of keeping it all in. Her breathing was shallow and uneven, each breath a struggle against the relentless pressure. Her eyes met Mark's, pleading silently for mercy, but she knew that she had to endure.

Mark's fingers traced the outline of her bladder, pressing gently but firmly against the swollen mass. Each touch sent waves of urgency through her, her body screaming for relief. She bit down harder on her lip, tasting blood as she tried to suppress a whimper. Her legs felt weak, barely able to support her weight as she stood there, exposed and vulnerable.

"Please, sir," Emily breathed, her voice trembling. "Please, sir, may I pee?"

Mark looked at her for a moment, his eyes assessing her condition. "Not yet, Emily," he replied calmly. "You need to hold it a little longer."

Emily's heart pounded in her chest, her eyes brimming with tears. She could feel her control slipping, the desperation almost overwhelming. She clenched her sphincter, squeezing as tightly as she could, but it felt like a losing battle. Her body was screaming for release, every fiber of her being consumed by the need to empty her bladder.

Mark made a note on his clipboard. "I'm going to reassess you in two hours," he said. "In the meantime, I have a task for you."

*005*2025-04-2024 18:03

"Follow me," Mark instructed, his tone unyielding. Emily hesitated, her body screaming in protest, but she had no choice but to comply. She took a shaky step, each movement sending a fresh wave of urgency through her swollen bladder.Mark led her to a large, open room with a high ceiling. In the center of the room was a single metal chair. "Sit," he commanded. Emily obeyed, wincing as her distended abdomen pressed against her thighs when she sat down.

 

"Your task is simple," Mark began, pulling a small stool in front of her and sitting down. "You're going to pick up these marbles one by one and place them in this jar." He placed a large jar and a small box of marbles on the floor beside her chair.

The task itself seemed innocuous, but Emily's heart sank. The mere thought of bending over repeatedly with her bladder in such a state was almost unbearable. She reached down, her hand trembling as she picked up the first marble. The motion compressed her abdomen further, sending a sharp spike of pain through her bladder. She gasped, her eyes watering from the intensity of it, but she managed to place the marble in the jar.

"Good," Mark said, his tone almost approving. "Now, continue."

Emily bit her lip, trying to focus on the task at hand. Each time she bent over, her bladder felt like it was going to burst. The fullness was agonizing, a constant, unrelenting pressure that dominated her every thought. She moved slowly, deliberately, trying to minimize the pain, but it was impossible to avoid.Her breaths were shallow and rapid, her body tense and shaking with the effort. She could feel the hard, round shape of her bladder pressing against her internal organs, every movement sending jolts of desperation through her. Sweat beaded on her forehead, her muscles quivering with the strain.She picked up another marble, her fingers clenching tightly around it as she placed it in the jar. The sound of the marble hitting the glass seemed to echo through the room, a constant reminder of her predicament. She forced herself to keep going, her mind a whirl of frantic thoughts. I can't do this. I can't hold it much longer.

Mark watched her closely, his eyes never leaving her face. "You're doing well, Emily," he said softly. "Just a few more."

Emily's heart pounded in her chest, her breathing ragged and uneven. Her legs trembled uncontrollably, her body on the verge of collapse. She clenched her fists, her knuckles white from the effort, and reached for another marble. Her bladder felt like it was going to explode, the pressure almost unbearable.She placed the marble in the jar, her vision swimming with tears. The pain was excruciating, a constant, throbbing ache that consumed her entirely. Her hands shook violently as she picked up another marble, her entire body trembling with the effort.

"Almost there," Mark said, his voice calm and composed. "Just a few more."

Emily's hands fumbled with the marbles, her fingers slipping on the smooth surface. Her bladder felt like a hard, unyielding balloon, the skin stretched so tightly that she could feel every pulse of desperation. She placed the last marble in the jar, her body shaking with relief and exhaustion. Mark stood up, his eyes still fixed on her.

"Well done, Emily," he said. "You can stand up now."

'Please may I pee, Sir," Emily breathed. 

Mark looked at his watch. "It took you 21 minutes to complete that task, Emily," he said. "There is an hour and 19 minutes remaining until your reassessment. The remaining time you'll be tested on your composure and control." 
