(10) The truth can be painful

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-23 09:49

Harry was walking down the hallway to his next class. He was thinking about Draco. He told him they would meet after lunch right? He hadn't seen him in the great hall, neither in the bathroom.

Harry couldn't help it but he was worried. Maybe something had happened? He wasn't feeling that good so it could be possible...

'Harry!'

Harry turned around and saw Hermione walking up to him.

'I've been looking for you everywhere.' She said out of breath.

Harry looked at her.

'Why? What's wrong?'

'It's Ron.' Hermione answered.

Ron?

'He wants to talk to you. I think he wants to excuse himself for what he did...you know about you and Malfoy...By the way, where is Malfoy? He wasn't there for lunch, was he?'

Harry nodded his head.

'No he wasn't. I don't know what's wrong. But eh...I need to go now. I'm already late for class and...'

Hermione looked at her watch.

'Late? It's ten more minutes before the next class.'

Come on Hermione, don't ruin it.

'I know.' Harry answered. 'I needed to talk to professor Lupin about something, so if you don't mind...'

Hermione smiled but she knew he was lying.

'Fine. See you during class.'

She turned back around and Harry continued walking down the hallway and took the stairs.

The hallway on the second floor was totally empty and Harry decided to go to the bathroom real quick before class started. He kinda had to go and they had professor Snape so he didn't want to embarrass himself.

Just when he passed Snape's office and wanted to keep walking towards the end of the hallway he noticed a noise. Harry stopped and listened closely.

Someone was crying...

And it was definitely not Moaning Myrtle...

It was a boy...

And it clearly came from Snape's office. Harry turned around and came closer. He now stood right in front of the door.

The crying got louder and it sounded heartbreaking. Harry didn't know what to do. Maybe he just had to walk away, this was none of his business. Somehow his curiously won and he knocked on the door.

Draco was still sitting in his own puddle of pee, feeling miserable and crying when he suddenly heard a knock on the door. He panicked. Who could that be? Snape? Or even worse, his father?!

He started breathing faster and listened closely. Tears were still running down his cheeks.

A knock again.

Please just go away!

'Hello?'

Someone just started talking and even though he couldn't hear it that well the voice sounded familiar.

Suddenly the door opened.

Draco was scared and he quickly moved into the corner of the room.

Someone came in...

Harry's mouth fell open when he saw who was sitting in the corner of Snape's office, scared, sad and alone like a little kid.

'Draco?...' Harry said surprised and worried at the same time.

The blonde boy looked at him shyly, his face was red from crying.

'Harry...' He whispered.

Harry quickly closed the door behind him and walked up to Malfoy. He suddenly almost slipped when he stepped into a puddle of wetness.

'Be careful not to....' Draco warned him just in time.

Harry stepped aside and looked at Draco who's grey trousers were all wet and then he realized how the puddle came there.

He just stepped in Draco's pee...

Harry didn't say anything and walked up to the blonde boy, kneeling and then sitting down next to him.

'Are you alright?' He asked worried.

This was a stupid question cause Malfoy seemed far from alright.

'Do I look like I am?'

'No...sorry...' Harry answered while looking down.

It was silent for a while. Harry didn't know what to say. He didn't want to hurt him.

'What happened...?' He asked then.

Draco looked at him, it looked like he would start crying again.

'Snape...' Draco whispered.

'Snape? What did Snape do?' Harry answered.

'He...didn't do anything. He told my...my father...'

Draco started crying again. Harry felt so bad for him. He sat closer next to him and put his hand on the blonde boy's shoulder.

'Hey it's okay...'

'It's not...' Draco cried. 'He knows everything...and...'

Harry looked at him worried. Poor boy.

'Shhhh. It's alright Draco. I'm here. You can tell me.'

Draco looked at him. Shy. Harry had never seen him like this before.

'My father...he...got really mad...and I had to....'

Harry sighed.

'You needed to pee, didn't you?' He remembered Draco already had to go badly at the end of class.

Draco nodded his head.

'Yes...and my father...he didn't let me go...and...'

Tears were running down his face.

'It's okay, Draco. You couldn't help it...' Harry tried to comfort him.

'But it's not okay, Harry.' Draco answered, a little annoyed. Harry now recognized Malfoy more.

'That isn't the only that happened...' He continued.

Harry didn't get it. What else had happened?

'What do you mean?'

Draco looked at him.

'Have you seen my face?'

'Eh yes...'

'It's red, Potter.'

'Of course it's red, you have been crying...'

Harry didn't get it.

'What if I tell you this isn't only from crying?'

Harry looked at him with big eyes.

'Your father...did he...did he do this...?'

He couldn't believe it. He didn't want to believe it.

Draco looked down.

'Don't worry, I'm used to it.'

'How can I not worry, Draco!' Harry answered. 'Your father hit you! And clearly it isn't the first time this happened?'

The blonde boy didn't say anything and just looked down at his shoes.

'I should go.' He said then. 'I shouldn't be talking to you about this.'

Draco wanted to get up but Harry stopped him.

'No, wait. Draco this is important. You need to tell someone. Your father can't keep hurting you like this!'

'It doesn't hurt that bad anyway...'

'Bullshit!' Harry yelled.

'This isn't okay, Draco. You need to get help.'

The blonde boy gave him an annoyed look.

'I don't need help, okay? By the way, I need to go. I need to pee.'

Harry looked at him.

He was probably just saying this to leave. It was impossible that he needed to go again judging by the puddle he had just made.

'Seriously, Draco...'

'No....'

Malfoy got up. He felt horrible but somehow the arrogant attitude made him feel stronger. He already told Potter way too much. He had to go now.

He walked to the door but Harry got up as well and grabbed his arm.

'Draco please...I won't tell anyone. I just want to help you. I'm worried about you.' Harry told him.

Draco looked at him.

He was hesitating. But no, this wasn't Potter's business.

He tried to get away but Harry didn't let him go.

'Let me go....'

'Draco I just....' Harry kept trying.

'Let me go, Potter! I need to piss!' Draco yelled and he managed to get out of Harry's grip.

'Sorry...I didn't know you...'

Malfoy gave him an annoyed look.

'Not a word about this, Potter! Have you understood me?'

Harry nodded his head.

'Yes...make sure you tell someone. To help...'

'Stop saying that. No one can help anyway.' He wanted to turn around.

'Not if they don't know...your father can't treat you like that Draco.' Harry kept on trying. 'Does your mom know about this? You could tell her....'

Draco turned around and this time he gave Potter a furious look.

'My mom's dead. I'll get a lot of help from her.' He said with a shaky voice before turning around and leaving Snape's office.

Harry just stood there. Shocked. So much had happened and he just didn't really realize it.

He got out of Snape's office as well and looked down the hallway and he saw Malfoy running to the bathroom, crying again.

Harry felt bad. He ruined it again...

Harry was really mad at himself. He didn't even realize he was standing in the doorstep of Snape's office when suddenly someone wearing a long black robe walked up to him.

'Mr. Potter! What are you doing in my office?'....

