Lance & Keenan - untitled BDSM ficlet

Author: Thorn177

*000*2015-09-12 17:20

This is a scene from an original story I've been working on. It's primarily a gay BDSM erotica, but this is the bit that involves omorashi. Contains explicit sexual situations, an established dom/sub relationship, references to various BDSM practices and some swearing.

###

He has me bent over his lap, on my stomach. It makes me feel vaguely like a child. I don’t mind. He presses the lubed up tip of the stainless steel butt plug against my hole, which has tightened up again now after last night’s exercise. He pushes rhythmically, in a bit then back out, and I whine. My cock is half-hard. It began hardening in anticipation already when he took me over his knee. My hips buck and he stops.

‘Uh-uh,’ he says softly. ‘Stay still, love.’

Lance is fully dressed while I’m naked. Something about that makes everything hotter. I’m at his mercy, exposed, arse in the air, and he just sits there, cool as a cucumber, pressing the plug further inside me once I stop fidgeting. I gasp again.

‘Good boy,’ Lance murmurs. ‘So good for me, Keenan. You can take it, my sweet. Just relax.’

I try to relax, I really do, but the cold intrusion of the steel makes my body tense. He pushes it a bit further in and then removes it, and once again my hips buck, as much as I try to control myself.

The flat of his hand lands on my arse with a loud smack and I whimper. My face feels hot and I can barely find my breath.

‘I told you to stay still,’ says Lance, voice still soft, but as ever with that edge of authority. My cock is fully hard now, pinned under me against his knees. The urge to move is unbearable. I need friction. I worry fleetingly about his fine trousers, about staining them, but he seems entirely unperturbed.

I manage to squeeze out a breathless, ‘Yes, sir.’ I can hear the smile in his voice when next he speaks.

‘No touch,’ he says. ‘No friction.’ It’s as if he’s reading my mind. ‘You haven’t earned that yet. Understood?’

I nod. ‘Yes, sir.’

‘Good.’ It’s just one word, one single neutral syllable, but it floods my chest and my stomach with warmth. I love it when he praises me, tells me I’m good, tells me I’m beautiful. I almost believe him.

He gets to work again, moving the butt plug in a fraction, then out, then in a bit more, then out. Rhythmically pushing until my hole gives way of its own accord, trying to pull it inside. Only then does he let go, uttering a hum of pleasure as the plug sinks inside effortlessly. He takes hold of the end, adjusting the plug and pushing it as far in as it goes, and I utter a sharp moan as it hits my prostate. I can feel a bit of precum leak out of the end of my cock.

‘Good boy, Keenan,’ Lance purrs once more. He strokes my hair gently. ‘You’ve done so well. Now, here’s what’s going to happen.’ He lays a rough hand on the small of my back, making small circles with his thumb, and I shiver. ‘You’ll keep the plug in all day. Under no circumstance are you to take it out, except to freshen up the lube every few hours. I wouldn’t want you to be uncomfortable. If you need to take a shit, you take it out, do your business, clean up properly and then insert it again. Understood?’

‘Yes, sir.’ My breath comes in ragged pulls. His words, his instructions, are almost enough to make me come, even without the metal pressing up against my prostate.

‘Rule number two,’ he continues, stroking my sweaty fringe away from my eyes, ‘you are not to get yourself off. Hold back at all cost. I want you fit to burst when I see you again tonight. This is a test, Keenan, of your resolve and your self-control. I know you can do it. I have faith in you.’

I nod quickly, lapping up his words like a cat laps cream. ‘Yes, sir, I understand,’ I tell him.

He manoeuvres me up into a sitting position. I sit on my knees, my cock hard against my stomach, facing him, and he smiles, placing his large hand on the back of my neck, holding it firmly, comfortingly. His voice is silky, purring. ‘I may give you more instructions later. I want to try some fun new things tonight. See how far I can push you, how long you’ll hold out. By this evening, you’ll be desperate to come.’ He leans in, pressing a chaste kiss to my lips, before whispering in my ear, ‘And if you’re good I may even let you.’

I close my eyes involuntarily as a shiver goes down my spine. My mouth feels dry and I swallow several times, trying to make my body respond to my commands, but I’m pretty sure if I let it happen I could come right now without even being touched. The idea of walking around like this a whole day is terrifying. I’ll never hold out. But the promise of what’s to come is too good for me to disobey. I want to know what he has in mind, what he wants to do to me.

I feel the bed move as he stands, and open my eyes again. Lance’s trousers have a wet stain on one thigh, an imprint of my cock. He looks down on it and rubs it with his finger, putting the finger in his mouth and licking the tip, his eyes slipping shut.

‘Mm,’ he says.

‘I’m sorry,’ I blurt, and he looks down at me, expression soft, and strokes my cheek with one hand.

‘Don’t be sorry. You did exactly what I asked, and I have other trousers.’

His kindness nearly moves me to tears.

‘I had best get to work,’ he says, pulling me to my feet. ‘Now, I’m not unreasonable, Keenan. You go have a cold shower to cool yourself off. I don’t expect you to walk around with that all day.’ He indicates my hard-on with a glance. ‘I’ll see you back here tonight promptly at seven.’

Lance gives me another chaste kiss before going over to the closet. I take a few deep breaths and then enter the bathroom. I really need that cold shower.

###

It’s torture. Complete and utter torture. I feel like I’m walking around holding my breath. If I let my mind wander for even a second I feel my cock starting to harden again and have to fill my mind with mundane tasks to distract me from my arousal. Every time I move the plug nudges my prostate, and by lunch time my pants are moist with precum. Luckily I’ve begun carrying several clean pairs with me after all the times Lance has cornered me at work.

We pass each other in the corridors a few times. He utterly ignores me, as is his way when others are around. An hour before the work day ends a text rolls in from his burner. It reads, Drink a glass of water every hour. I frown down at my phone, wondering what this could be about. Then another text arrives, reading, Don’t pee. At first it seems cryptic, but then I realise that he means exactly what he says. I’m to drink a glass of water every hour and not pee until I see him. The order gives me a funny feeling, but I obey it all the same and I don’t ask why.

After work I go home, but I’m too agitated to relax or do much of anything. I keep a constant eye on my watch and every hour I go to the kitchen and drink a glass of water. It doesn’t take long to start getting uncomfortable. By half past six I’m not sure if I’m more desperate to come or to pee, as I drink a final glass of water before leaving my flat. The journey is deeply uncomfortable, and I find myself crossing and uncrossing my legs, trying to stop myself from sticking my hand between my legs to hold my crotch in public. Still, I arrive at the penthouse promptly at seven. I’ve gotten good at being on time.

Lance greets me without touching or kissing me. He gives me an appraising look. ‘Have you done as I’ve asked?’

I nod, not quite trusting myself to speak. Everything feels hyper real at the moment, every light a bit too bright, every sensation double intensity. The rustle of his clothes as he enters the kitchen ahead of me is as loud as fireworks to my ears. I shudder.

He has a glass of wine on the kitchen counter, from which he takes a large sip. He doesn’t offer one to me, but simply looks at me, head cocked to one side, where I stand fidgeting.

‘Please, have a seat,’ he says, indicating one of the bar stools. I do as he asks, but I’m unable to keep my foot still. The butt plug shifts as I sit down, pressing against my prostate, and I whimper pitifully. Being this close to Lance is enough to make me half hard again. At the same time my bladder is so full of water I feel like I’m about to explode.

Lance smiles at me, and I meet his eyes, silently pleading for something to happen.

‘How are you feeling?’ he asks. ‘No judgements, answer honestly.’

I draw a breath and cross my legs, trying to stop my foot from moving. I clear my throat. ‘I feel like . . . I can’t really explain it. I feel everything right now. Like I need to pee, and I need to come, and I need . . .’ I trail off, blushing. ‘I need your cock inside me,’ I mumble, feeling slightly embarrassed. ‘Everything hurts, and everything feels sort of wonderful all at once. It’s like . . . anticipation,’ I finish lamely, looking away.

‘Sounds like all of this is having its desired effect,’ says Lance. He walks over to the sink and fills a glass of water, giving it to me. ‘Drink,’ he instructs.

I stare at the glass, uncertain of whether I’ll be able to handle another without peeing my pants. They’re already moist from the odd stray drop coming out on the way over.

‘Last one, I promise,’ Lance assures me, and against my better judgment I drink the water.

Lance takes the glass from me. ‘All right,’ he says gently. ‘Here’s how the rest of this scene will play out. We get in the bath where I will fuck you. Then, if you manage to hold out until my say-so, I will give you the biggest orgasm of your life. Pretty straight forward. All you have to do is exactly what I say. Okay?’

I nod. ‘Yes, sir,’ I manage.

He takes my hand and pulls me to my feet, and we walk through the flat, through the bedroom and into the large ensuite bathroom. I have to stop every few steps to cross my legs and whimper.

The large jacuzzi tub is already filled and steaming. Lance hasn’t told me to get undressed, so I stand still and watch as he takes his clothes off, folding them neatly. Then he turns to me and undresses me. He doesn’t touch me unnecessarily, and he doesn’t kiss me. He undresses me the way a parent might undress a child. When at last he pulls down my pants I whimper, the friction of the fabric against my cock almost more than I can bear. He examines my pants and the stains of precum mixed with urine there, nodding.

‘You’re doing well,’ Lance says soothingly. ‘Just a bit longer now.’

He gets in the tub and sits on one of the raised seats. ’Get in, stand in front of me.’

Once again I do as I’m told, standing before him. My stomach, so full of water, protrudes slightly. He puts a hand on it, and my eyes snap shut as I try to stop myself from peeing. I feel a few drops trickle out. My hard-on helps a little bit, though, and I’m able to stop the flow before it starts. Lance appears to let my momentary disobedience pass. He moves his hands, stroking my sides and then moving to my arse, squeezing the flesh. My mouth is open now and I’m panting, completely unable to keep my cool. He reaches in between my cheeks, grabs the end of the butt plug and pulls slowly.

I utter a long, drawn out whine, the sudden emptiness making it harder to hold it, but I just about manage thanks to my raging hard-on, holding my breath. Two fingers enter me. I’m slick with lube, but Lance coats his fingers with a bit more, as we’ll be doing this in the water. Then he strokes his cock a couple of times. It’s hard and glistening.

Lance takes my hands and pulls me forward. He pulls me into his lap, facing him, and without much ado he enters me, slowly. I grit my teeth, breathing noisily. I keep thinking, I can’t hold it, I can’t hold it! But miraculously I do, until he’s inside all the way. He holds my hips still, pulling back out and sliding back in, and I can hardly breathe. It hurts and it feels so good, and as he picks up his speed and intensity, fucking me harder and faster, I feel tears rolling down my cheeks and I begin to sob.

‘You’re doing such a good job,’ Lance murmurs. ‘Fuck, you’re so gorgeous and you feel so good, Keenan. Just a little while longer, just a little more, that’s it, good boy . . .’

I’m properly weeping now, unable to stop, as his cock hits my prostate again and again. He slows down, still going hard, still pounding my prostate with every other thrust, looking up into my brown eyes with his blue ones and fucking into me like there’s nothing else in the world.

I’ve never been closer to using our safe-word. Of all the things we’ve done together up until now, from french ticklers to candle wax, whips and chains to nipple clamps, nothing has put me this close to complete desperation. Nothing has hurt as much or felt as good as this, all at once. ‘Please,’ I whimper, not even realising I’m saying it until I hear the words come back to me. ‘Please, let me . . . I can’t hold it, please!’

‘Just a little longer. You’re doing so well,’ he repeats, stroking my sides as he picks up the pace again. ‘Oh, I’m getting so close, Keenan, soon . . .’ And just as I think I can’t possibly hold it anymore, just as I’m about to shout ‘Oh Captain, my Captain’ at the top of my lungs, he says, ‘Now, Keenan. Let it all go, baby.’

And I do. First I come, with a sob and a shout, shooting great big strings of white at his chest and mine. I ride through it, beginning to move of my own accord, fucking down on his dick. As I do, Lance moves one hand to my lower abdomen and pushes, squeezes just where my bladder is. The pain is exquisite, and I cry out with it, unable to keep my eyes open, brief spurts of warm urine mixing with my semen.

Once I finish coming there’s a brief pause in the flow while Lance keeps fucking me, shallower thrusts now, and I feel myself starting to relax after my ejaculation, and then all at once I begin to piss in a hard, steady stream.

It’s relief like I’ve never felt it before. Emptying my bladder over the both of us feels like a continuation of the orgasm, like it goes on and on. I’m sobbing with abandon, still wetting, when Lance grabs my hips again, tightening his grip. With a few grunts he fucks up into me, harder and faster than before, and then he comes inside me with a groan.

As the last drops of urine drip out of my now flaccid cock I collapse against Lance’s chest, still sobbing. I feel like I’m unable to stop, heaving for air with great difficulty. Lance is stroking my back gently now, murmuring soothing encouragements in my ear. ‘You’re beautiful. You did so well. I’m so proud of you. You’re so good, so good.’

He’s still inside me, his cock still throbbing slightly, and it occurs to me, judging by how hard he came, that he’s been holding back his orgasm all day as well. He’s wanted me just as much as I’ve wanted him, thought about me as I’ve been thinking of him. The thought causes fresh tears to well forth, but it also calms me, and I manage to catch my breath at last.

‘There you go,’ says Lance. ‘Good boy. That’s it. Come back to me.’

Finding my strength, I pull away slightly and wipe my eyes, smiling at him. He smiles back, running a hand up my side. He shifts under me, and I lift my arse, letting him slip out. He stands up and switches our positions, sitting me down on the seat. He kneels before me, grabbing a loofah off the side of the tub, and begins to wash me, gently scrubbing away the sticky semen.

‘Are you feeling okay?’ Lance asks softly, cleaning my chest with the loofah.

I nod. ‘Yeah. I feel fine.’

‘How was that?’

I blow out a breath of air shakily. ‘It was . . . incredible,’ I admit after a moment’s pause for thought. ‘It was cleansing. All of that pent up . . . stuff . . . just bursting out all at once. It was the most intense thing I’ve ever felt.’ I blush. ‘I was kind of nervous. I would never have dreamed that I’d actually be into something like this . . .’

Lance chuckles. ‘You’d never have dreamed that you’d be into most of the things we’ve been doing, I’d imagine.’

I shrug. ‘No, but all of that stuff is at least stuff I’ve, you know, thought about at one point or another. Even though there were a lot fewer, shall we say, special effects involved than usual, I think this is by far the kinkiest thing you’ve had me do.’ I feel a grin spread across my face, comfortable once more now that the scene is so clearly ended. ‘Not that I’m complaining, mind you.’

‘It’s only kinky the first time,’ says Lance with a wicked smile. ‘Next time, you’ll know what’s going to happen, and you’ll get to spend all of that time thinking about it and remembering.’ He sighs deeply, a look of contentment on his face. ‘You were so fucking hot! I can’t wait to see you that desperate again.’ He kisses me deeply, his mouth still tasting faintly of the wine he was drinking earlier. ‘Not too soon, though,’ he murmurs against my lips. ‘Wouldn’t want to make it boring, and this kind of scene takes a strain. The build-up alone is . . . Well. I don’t need to tell you, do I?’

I take the loofah from him and scrub his chest, intermittently placing kisses on his face, neck, shoulders.

When we are both clean, Lance pulls the plug and showers us both off. Then he wraps me in a fluffy white towel. I feel suddenly drained. Lance doesn’t need me to tell him that. He sits me down on the toilet seat while he towels himself off, and then he leads me out into the bedroom, where he pushes me gently down on the bed and pulls the covers over me. He sits down on the bedside, stroking my hair.

‘You did magnificently today, babe,’ he says in what is barely more than a whisper. ‘And you felt so good. You rest for a bit now, okay? I’ll go cook us some dinner.’

I murmur my agreement sleepily, and before I have time to register his leaving the room, I’m fast asleep.

*003*2015-09-21 13:19

{{: 

This is, by far, my utter favorite of all the things I have read on Omo.org. ♥♥♥

}}

OMG, thank you so much!! <3

*004*2015-09-24 12:27

{{: 

I don't know why this doesn't have more comments already, but it was amazing. You've got some great characters here (obviously coming into the middle of the relationship here, but still got a good sense of them. I LOVE the choice of safe word, for example) and their interactions are beautiful. Amazing descriptions. My favorite moment was the Dom's kindness in releasing his sub at just the right moment, and then that rush of relief as he's allowed to let go of everything and just enjoy the sensation he worked so hard for. Beautiful scenes.

}}

Thank you so much! Aftercare is extremely important to me, and I have a massive praise kink, so that's always part of my BDSM stories. Doms are supposed to be kind, IMO. :P Glad you enjoyed it!! <3

*006*2015-10-06 09:54

{{: 

This story is just heaven!! Oh my goodness!!

}}

Wow, thank you! I'm so glad you enjoyed it! <3

