Stuck in the Mud and Desperate (Equestria Girls fanfic)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-10-15 01:07

It was the middle of summer, and a dark blue van sat in the middle of a traffic jam.

The Equestria Girls had spent yesterday having fun in another city two hours away from the city they lived in. Today they were on their way back home, but had been stopped just half an hour out of the city by a long line of cars that were only moving a little once every several minutes.

Twilight Sparkle was driving, wearing her Legend of Everfree outfit, a light blue T-shirt and short, fairly tight purple shorts. In the passenger seat beside her sat Sunset Shimmer, who wore a black T-shirt and jeans.

Rarity sat in the middle left seat, wearing her usual light blue shirt and purple skirt. Beside her sat Fluttershy, wearing her usual white tank top and green skirt. They both wore panties of the same color as their skirts underneath.

In the back seat, from left to right, sat Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, and Applejack. Rainbow Dash was wearing her usual white T-shirt and blue jacket with black compression shorts under a pink and white mini skirt. Pinkie Pie and Applejack wore similar T-shirts, respectively with pink and green sleeves, and jean shorts that, while equally tight, differed in that Pinkie's looked folded at the edges and Applejack's were cutoffs (and a little dirty).

The girls had been sitting in the traffic jam for an hour, and so naturally they needed to pee. Especially Pinkie Pie, who drank lots of soda this morning and on the drive, and had been pretty desperate before the traffic jam. She fidgeted in her seat, crossing her legs and wishing she'd asked them to stop at a gas station earlier.

And as if being stuck in a traffic jam wasn't bad enough, it had been raining very hard for the past half hour. The sight and sounds of the rain made the girls even more uncomfortable.

"Does anyone have a jar or anything I can pee into?" said Pinkie. "Those pop cans won't work! I know, I tried once."

"I imagine that was rather messy," said Rarity, trying hard not to think of it as she crossed her legs and fidgeted slightly.

"I don't think we have anything," said Twilight, who fidgeted in her front seat holding herself with one hand, and her other hand on the steering wheel.

Fluttershy was hiding all signs of desperation, but she was sweating a little and also fidgeting slightly.

"Hurry up!" said Rainbow Dash out the window. "Some of us have to pee!" She often had to hold it in during games, and had never once wet herself as far as she could remember, but she was concerned she might not make it this time.

"You mean ALL of us!" said Applejack, who was also used to holding it around the farm to get more work done, but was very uncomfortable.

"Don't say it so the whole world can hear!" said Rarity, blushing lightly.

"She's right though," said Sunset. "If we don't get moving soon, the seats of the car will get very wet."

"Cleaning the seats won't be a problem, but that's the least of our concerns," said Twilight. She moaned as she could feel her bladder filling up more. "I'd REALLY prefer not to suffer this humiliation again. Or for any of you to."

"Again?" said Rainbow Dash.

Twilight blushed. "I had a lot to drink, and the streets were busy. But the seat cleaned just fine, and at least then no one was there to see it. And my shorts washed perfectly, so it's not like they're dirty now. I don't usually... it was one time."

"It's all right Twilight," said Sunset. "It could happen to any of us."

"It might happen to ALL of us!" said Rainbow Dash.

Several minutes went by, and they made very little progress as they moved ahead slightly every few minutes.

Then, when the rain stopped, Applejack looked out the window and saw a dirt road.

"Ah know that road," said Applejack. "I've taken it before. It leads straight into the city. A far side from where we live, or the nearest gas station, but it's better than here!"

The girls all felt better knowing this. However, there wasn't enough room to turn onto this road yet. The girls fidgeted impatiently waiting to get close enough to turn. Twilight honked her horn a few times.

After what felt like hours, they finally reached the dirt road. Twilight turned onto the road and drove down it. She was tempted to go over the speed limit of 60 miles per hour, but she knew getting pulled over for speeding would definitely have wet results.

The rain had turned the dirt of the road into very slick mud. Mud splattered on the back window of the van, so Twilight had the windshield wipers on.

"Goodness, I'd HATE to walk on this road," said Rarity. The sight of this mud repulsed her so, but less so than wetting herself. She was fidgeting harder now, but felt better knowing she would find relief soon. If she could just hold it for about a half hour. Maybe a little more, as they were going at a slower speed.

"We're about ten minutes away," said Applejack, looking at her watch while crossing her legs. "We might just make it."

Suddenly a deer ran in front of their van. Fluttershy let out a whimper (and nearly something else) and covered her eyes.

Twilight slammed the brakes. The van came to a stop, digging a bit into the mud. The deer stared at the headlights for a few seconds, and then walked to the other side.

"That was close," said Twilight. She stepped on the gas pedal again.

The van wouldn't move. Twilight stepped on the gas again, but it was no use.

"Uh-oh," said Twilight.

"What?" said Rainbow Dash, holding herself tighter while Fluttershy whimpered, Rarity crossed her legs tighter, and Pinkie leaked into her underwear slightly.

"I think we're stuck."

"But I really really really REALLY gotta go!" said Pinkie.

Twilight kept pressing the gas pedal, but the van came no closer to getting unstuck. As she did so, her desperation increased, as did the other girls, and they started to fidget harder. Even Fluttershy was having a hard time concealing her desperation.

After about ten minutes, Rainbow Dash said "I'll get out and push."

"Me too," said Applejack.

"Are you sure?" said Twilight. "It might get very messy."

"We'll all be worse than messy if we don't get movin' soon," said Applejack. "If you don't mind cleanin' mud off the seats."

"That won't be a problem."

"Please tell me you brought your geodes," said Rarity, fidgeting more.

"No, we left them at home," said Rainbow Dash, wishing with all her might that she hadn't.

Rainbow Dash and Applejack opened their doors and walked behind the car. Standing up their need to pee felt greater than ever. They put their hands on the back of the van and pushed.

At the same time, Twilight stepped on the gas pedal. The wheels splashed mud all over Rainbow Dash and Applejack, but they didn't flinch and kept pushing.

"Oh, I hope this works," said Rarity. "I'd hate to be in their position."

"You know they don't mind getting dirty," said Sunset.

Rainbow and Applejack pushed harder. A combination of this and the wetness of the mud that now covered them from head to toe made them leak for several seconds. At first they were mortified, but then they realized that in their current state, this would go unnoticed. They were already wet and dirty, after all.

And, as soon as Twilight hit the gas again, Rainbow Dash and Applejack let go and started to pee in their muddy shorts. The mud splattered on their legs faster than the pee could rinse it off, despite how strong their streams were. They both let out sighs of relief, almost enjoying the warm wetness in the middle of the mud. They looked at each other, blushing at first out of embarrassment at essentially revealing to each other that they were wetting themselves. But, realizing that they were both doing the same thing, they chuckled, feeling both amused and relieved.

Several minutes went by, and Twilight kept hitting the gas pedal as hard as she could, while Rainbow Dash and Applejack pushed as hard as they could, but all it achieved was splashing more mud on the two athletes. And although they had gotten their relief and avoided humiliation, the other five girls still needed to pee really badly. Pinkie Pie's bladder was overflowing to bursting point and she was squirming the hardest in her seat, a pained look on her face. Twilight was frantically slamming the gas pedal, Sunset and Rarity were fidgeting harder with their legs crossed, and Fluttershy was still fidgeting slightly, pressing her legs together while still not crossing them.

"Hurry up!" cried Pinkie. "I'm about to burst!"

Rainbow Dash and Applejack had been pushing for half an hour before Pinkie let out a moan and stopped fidgeting. Twilight, Sunset, Rarity, and Fluttershy could hear the unmistakable sound of a powerful stream against denim, and the distinctive scent of urine entered their nostrils.

Pinkie had her eyes closed tight as her shorts grew wetter and wetter. As soon as she realized she couldn't stop peeing, she stopped trying to hold it in. She opened her eyes with her eyelids half down and let out a deep, involuntary sigh of relief. It felt so nice after holding it in for so long, that at this moment she didn't even care that she was wetting her shorts in front of her friends.

"Oh no, Pinkie..." said Fluttershy. She felt really bad for her, suffering such a humiliating accident.

Rarity felt just as bad for her, but her attention was diverted when she leaked a little in her underwear. She was sure the sound of Pinkie peeing had done this. She unbuckled her seat belt, deciding she was desperate enough to take desperate measures.

"I'm going to get out and push."

"Are you serious?" said Twilight. "Look at how dirty Rainbow Dash and Applejack are."

"I'd rather get dirty than wet myself."

"Well, any help would be appreciated! Thank you, Rarity."

Rarity stepped outside, cringing as her shoes squelched in the mud. At first she wondered whether it was worth it, but a four-second leak that soaked her panties made her decision. There was no way she was going to make it, and if she was going to wet herself, she'd prefer for it to be unnoticed, and the mud would hide it perfectly and spare her humiliation. Plus, if she really did make a difference and get the van to move, then Twilight, Sunset, and Fluttershy could possibly make it.

She walked behind the van, between Rainbow Dash and Applejack, who stifled chuckles, as they were sure they knew exactly what Rarity was up to.

As Rarity started pushing on the van alongside Rainbow Dash and Applejack, Twilight slammed on the gas, and Rarity let out a little squeal as the mud splashed her, dirtying her entire dress in a matter of seconds. Once she got over the disgust of being covered in mud, she hesitated, finding it difficult to voluntarily urinate on herself.

But, the effort of pushing the van caused her to leak, which was the last push she needed. Before this leak could stop, Rarity started to pee harder. Soon she was peeing full force. She blushed a little, looking down at her legs, but the splashing mud prevented her pee from being seen. She felt relieved, although she also felt dirty for reasons that had nothing to do with mud.

Then, Twilight took her foot off the gas. Rarity's pee started to wash the mud off her legs. She was sure Rainbow Dash and Applejack would see what she was doing. So she did the only thing she could. She deliberately slipped in the mud and fell. She landed face-first in the muck, and continued to pee in this position. She could hear the sound of it, but Rainbow Dash and Applejack didn't seem to notice. They were chuckling a bit, but likely just because she fell. It occurred to Rarity that they probably went down the same path as her, which made her feel a little less dirty about what she did.

Then Twilight hit the gas again, and more waves of mud splashed over Rarity as she lay facedown, peeing in her dress.

Meanwhile, Pinkie peed for over three minutes. "Ahhhhhhh, that's better," she sighed once she finished. Her shorts were drenched and reeked of piss, and the seat around her was soaked. She blushed lightly and giggled nervously, the embarrassment of her accident sinking in, but no one was making fun of her. She'd probably laugh about this in the future.

As soon as Rarity finished wetting herself, she got back up and continued to push.

For twenty minutes, Twilight hit the gas pedal as far as it would go while fidgeting and holding herself, and Rainbow Dash, Applejack, and Rarity pushed as hard as they could, while Pinkie sat in her wet shorts, Sunset continued to squirm, and Fluttershy was now starting to cross her legs and fidget a little harder.

Then, the engine stopped.

"Oh no, no, no!" said Twilight.

"What?" said Sunset, very concerned.

"I just ran out of gas."

The other girls moaned. Rainbow Dash and Applejack walked up to the window, having deduced what happened.

"We'll run home and get our geodes," said Rainbow Dash. "We'll be as fast as we can! I hope you all make it." But it'd be pretty funny if they didn't.

"Thank you," said Twilight, who was in desperate need of a bathroom.

Rainbow Dash and Applejack ran down the dirt road, mud splashing with every step they took.

Rarity walked up to Twilight's window. "You're absolutely sure it's all right if I get this filth on your seat?"

"Mud is even easier to clean than pee stains," said Twilight. "Climb in while we wait for Applejack and Rainbow Dash to return."

Rarity wiped as much mud off herself as she could, though her outfit was still saturated in mud, and she climbed into the seat beside Fluttershy.

"Are you all right, Pinkie Pie?" said Rarity.

"I'm wet and a teeny tiny bit embarrassed, but other than that, I'm doing pretty good." Pinkie giggled, a little uncomfortable from sitting in her pee for 20 minutes, but she was mostly over the humiliation now. "How are you doing, Rarity?"

"Just fine, considering how dirty I am."

"I know what you did."

Rarity blushed beet red. "How did you know?"

"You're not fidgeting anymore like Twilight, Sunset, and Fluttershy are! Don't worry, I promise I'll never tell."

"You just told them."

"Do you really think they haven't noticed?"

"Of course we did, but we were going to be quiet about it to spare her the humiliation," said Sunset.

"And at least you were already wet," said Pinkie. "Besides, I'm pretty sure Applejack and Rainbow Dash didn't hold it all that time either."

Rarity at least felt better knowing her friends weren't making fun of her for it.

"It's just so unladylike to pee in my dress..."

"When you were already covered in mud," Twilight reminded her. "I almost want to do it myself, but I'll try to hold it until Applejack and Rainbow Dash get back."

"Me too," said Sunset, not wanting to roll around in the mud knowing that the other girls would know why.

Fluttershy was going to stay in the van too. Even if four of the girls had already wet themselves, three of them while covered in mud, Fluttershy was too shy to do it even if she could roll around in the mud to make sure it wouldn't show. She knew none of her friends would think less of her for it, but it would still be extremely embarrassing. She considered going outside, but there were no trees or bushes to hide behind, and she was less willing to pull her panties down with a risk of being seen than to wet herself. She moaned as she crossed her legs and fidgeted.

Ten minutes went by. Twenty minutes. Twilight, Sunset, and Fluttershy's desperation increased with each one, and they fidgeted harder, waiting for Rainbow Dash and Applejack to return.

Twilight was used to holding it in for extended periods of time while studying or making inventions. She'd always visit the bathroom when she really needed to, although she had leaked on a few occasions.

Sunset had a strong bladder, because ponies had stronger bladders than the average human, and she was sure her transformation into a human did not change that.

But while both of them needed to pee really badly and were not sure they were going to make it, Fluttershy was having a harder time holding it in than either of them. While she had never wet herself in front of anyone else before, she knew she was close to bursting point. Despite having the least to drink, she had only outlasted four of her friends because Pinkie had drank much more than her, and Rainbow Dash, Applejack, and Rarity had pushed on the van and - she was sure - had deliberately wet themselves while covered in mud so no one would notice.

"Fluttershy, darling, are you all right?" said Rarity, who was concerned about Fluttershy's predicament.

"I... I don't think I can hold it," whimpered Fluttershy.

"Just try your best. They'll be back soon, and if you don't make it, no one can blame you. I would have lost it if I'd listened to Pinkie wetting herself any longer."

Fluttershy let out a squeak.

"Are you all right?"

"No..." She had just leaked into her underwear.

"Hold on, Fluttershy."

Fluttershy had her hand between her legs, leaking every few seconds, her heart pounding with fear at having an accident.

Soon came a five-second leak, and then a seven-second leak, soaking her panties further and dampening her skirt. And then, finally, her bladder gave out. She started peeing a steady stream into her dress, soaking its crotch and butt, and the seat under her. She knew how wet her panties must be by now. She desperately tried to stop her stream, whimpering, but it kept flowing out of her, making a hissing sound a bit quieter than Pinkie.

Twilight and Sunset felt bad for Fluttershy, and the sound of her peeing made it harder for them to hold it in.

Rarity stared as Fluttershy wet herself beside her. Fluttershy put her head in her hands and started sobbing.

"There, there, Fluttershy," said Rarity, putting her hand on her back. She regretted this at first because her hand still had mud on it and was getting a bit of it on Fluttershy, but Fluttershy was more concerned about her accident. "You did your best, and it would have happened to just about anyone in this situation."

"Yeah, I think I'm gonna do the same thing really soon," said Twilight, crossing her legs now that she no longer had to keep her foot on the pedals.

"And we'll have a nice long get-together at the spa tomorrow," said Rarity.

Fluttershy stopped sobbing, feeling a little better at Rarity's words. She accepted that she was peeing herself, and relaxed, letting her stream soak her dress and seat while flooding her panties.

At this time Pinkie needed to pee again too. At first she held it, but hearing Fluttershy pee made her leak. She remembered her shorts were already wet, so surely wetting them again couldn't hurt. No one noticed her re-wet herself, since Rarity's attention was on Fluttershy, and Twilight and Sunset were trying to hold it in.

About fifteen minutes after Fluttershy finished wetting herself - and she had to admit to herself she did like the relief - Rainbow Dash suddenly ran up to the van with her super speed, carrying Applejack with her.

"We're here!" said Rainbow Dash. "I hope you didn't wet yourselves already."

"Sunset and I are about to," said Twilight.

"Hold on," said Applejack. "This is gonna get bumpy."

Applejack picked up the van with both hands.

"Can you use your speed to pull us?" said Sunset, crossing her legs and fidgeting hard.

"Sure thing," said Rainbow Dash.

Applejack sat down in the mud while still holding the van above her head. Rainbow Dash tied a rope around Applejack's waist, and tied the other end around her own.

"But remember to come to a gradual stop at the end of the mud," said Twilight. "If we come to a sudden stop, we could go flying out of Applejack's hands." She felt another jolt in her throbbing bladder and moaned.

"And even if we don't, the shock could make us wet ourselves," said Sunset.

"All right," said Rainbow Dash. "Hold on!" She started to run with the geode's power. Applejack slid along the slick mud and kept a hold of the van above her head.

Twilight and Sunset tried their hardest to hold it, but the fast ride was making it a little difficult. Still, they knew they'd arrive at a bathroom sooner than if Applejack carried them on foot.

Fluttershy was sure she might have lost it here if she hadn't already. She felt how wet her skirt was, but was feeling much less embarrassed after Rarity's words of comfort.

"Whee!" said Pinkie Pie, enjoying the ride.

It only lasted a few seconds before Rainbow Dash slowed to a stop at the end of the dirt road. Applejack kept a hold of the van the entire time. Rainbow Dash helped her to her feet, as she would have had a harder time standing up without putting her hands on the ground, and they ran through the city towards the nearest gas station, Applejack still carrying the van.

This part of the trip took several minutes, during which both Twilight and Sunset leaked a little. They knew it would be very close, they'd either just make it or be a little too late. They hoped it was the former.

At long last, they reached a gas station, and Applejack set the van down in front of a pump.

"I'll refuel," said Pinkie, who had her credit card with her. She stepped outside. There weren't any other cars here today so no one could see Pinkie's state, and even so she didn't care much at this point.

Twilight and Sunset ran outside and into the convenience store to get to the bathroom as fast as they could. They knew this gas station. Its bathroom had multiple stalls. They were grateful for this, as a single stall bathroom would mean one of them would have to wet herself, and whoever didn't would feel bad about it. In the time it took them to decide, they might both have an accident.

Dribbling a bit, they entered the bathroom, and to their delight the stalls were all empty. Twilight and Sunset each ran into a stall and locked it behind them.

Twilight leaked a little more, dampening her shorts. She pulled them down just before a longer leak that soaked her white panties. But she managed to pull these down, sit on the toilet, and let go, experiencing immense relief. Sure, her shorts were a little wet, but she had avoided a full-blown accident.

Sunset, however, was not as fortunate. She tried to undo the zipper on her jeans, but to her dismay, it was stuck. She couldn't believe it. She was this close to finding relief, but her zipper was stuck.

As she frantically pulled, she leaked more into her black panties, and the crotch of her jeans grew damper with each leak.

"Come on, come on, come on!" Sunset pulled on her zipper as hard as she could, but it wouldn't budge.

Twilight could hear Sunset and felt concerned for her.

After desperately pulling on her zipper for about a minute, Sunset couldn't hold it anymore. Her jeans went from damp to soaking wet and a loud hissing could be heard. Sunset quickly sat on the toilet; she knew it was too late for her pants, but she could at least avoid making a puddle on the floor. She sighed in a mixture of disappointment and relief as she peed through her jeans into the toilet.

Twilight heard Sunset's pee splashing into the toilet beside her and initially thought Sunset made it, until she realized the sound of pee soaking denim could be heard, and cringed.

Sunset had to admit, she liked the warm wetness a little, or would have if the situation hadn't been so embarrassing. She felt so foolish using her pants as a toilet, sitting on a real toilet with her pants up and peeing as if they were down. But she couldn't deny how the relief felt after holding it for as long as she did. She closed her eyes to take in the full feeling of relief as her pee continued to soak her crotch and butt, passing through her jeans and into the toilet. There wasn't a single dry spot on her panties.

Twilight finished peeing a minute before Sunset did. She pulled her wet panties and her shorts back up and felt them. Her shorts were definitely damp and smelled a little, but she knew it could have been much worse, and likely was for Sunset.

She walked out of her stall and stood by the door of Sunset's stall, waiting for her to finish.

When Sunset was done wetting her pants, she stood up, flushed the toilet, and opened the door of her stall. She blushed as she saw Twilight standing before her, knowing Twilight could see the wet spot on her jeans. "Did you have better luck than me?"

"A bit." Twilight blushed lightly, and Sunset saw the damp spot on Twilight's shorts. But Twilight didn't feel too embarrassed, since Sunset was wetter than her.

Twilight and Sunset walked back to the van, fortunately keeping out of sight. They got back into their seats. By now Applejack and Rainbow Dash were sitting on either side of Pinkie Pie in the back seat, Rainbow Dash holding in her chuckles at the state Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy were in and how long they had to sit in their pee.

"Did you make it?" said Fluttershy.

"No," said Sunset, blushing lightly. "My zipper got stuck and I couldn't get my pants off."

"Oh my," said Rarity while Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie stifled chuckles. "Well, you feel better as soon as you can, and I'll make a new pair of jeans for you with zippers that will move much smoother."

Sunset was grateful for this. "Thank you, Rarity."

"What about you, Twilight?"

"Mostly," said Twilight. "I got my shorts down, but they got a little damp, and my underwear was soaked."

"Well, at least you're drier than the rest of us," said Applejack.

The girls all laughed in spite of themselves, now finding the entire incident to be funny, and Twilight began driving them back to their houses to wash off. Rarity especially was looking forward to this, as she was covered in mud and smelled of urine.

"Applejack, can you come in with me and pull my zipper down?" said Sunset.

"Sure," said Applejack.

*002*2018-10-15 17:08

{{1 hour ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn what a excellent story

}}

Thanks. I like to think I put more detail into this than I usually do. I wrote it for fimfiction

*003*2018-11-02 20:56

Also, when Pinkie's sighing in relief peeing herself, picture the look on her face when she's fantasizing about frosting. Well, the pony version of her is, but it's still not that hard to visualize

