Omori Omorashi

Author: ThatYellowSuit

*000*2022-11-01 03:21

Hello again People of the Interwebs! I have returned to write more omo. This time of Omori! I plan on doing many different characters so I won't list them all here. Just keep in mind, the first one will be pretty "sweet" Oh ho ho ho ho ho!

*001*2022-11-03 01:09

Donuts Are A Dish Best Served Wet!

This will be following Sweetheart, I hope you like it!

"What a luxurious day." Sweetheart sighed as she put her feet up on a Sprout Mole. "Another episode of my amazing show! But..." She paused as a Maid Mole cleaned up the sweat from the Sprout Mole she was using as a foot stool.

"It's always the same. Three Sprout Moles, no love, a full dungeon. Oh the monoatony." She took her feet off the Sprout Mole as he scrambled away.

"Just for once I'd like something different. Something new, fresh, just something other then three fans that blend together."

"U-umm Sweetheart?" A Maid Mole stammered. She looked down at her. "U-uhh we have s-someone new today."

"Really?" She threw herself back on her bed, "Finally! Something new! Thats just what I needed!"

The Mole smiled to herself, before being startled by Sweetheart jumping out of bed.

"Well lets go then! I must meet my new true love!" Sweetheart rushed in the elevator, giving the Maid Mole just enough time to hop in before the doors shut.

Despite the Sprout Mole's dazed appearance from running, Sweetheart rushed out of the elevator, leaving little time for her to catch up.

"You there!" She pointed at a Maid Mole cleaning one of her many statues.

"Y-yes?" He asked.

"Get me ready for my big night!" She grabbed him by the Sprout and dragged him along for the ride.

After arriving in her dressing room Sweetheart set the Mole down.

"Now, I need this to be perfect. Don't screw this up or the other two contestants won't be the only ones in the dungeon tonight." Sweetheart stared intently. "I need you to make sure my dress is perfect, preplan the Wedding, I want the good veil. Make sure tonight's show goes perfect. Understand?" She said menacingly.

He just nodded.

"Good, now go!" She shoved him off.

She sat down in her chair as two Moles hopped up on stools next to her. One pulled a barber apron over her while the other offered refreshments which she happily accepted.

"Now just make sure you do my hair well! Like normal." She glanced over at the clock, knowing exactly when her show started she knew she had about two hours for her to get ready. An hour more then normal.

"S-sorry Sweetheart. The change in schedule so close to the s-shows start might mess some timings up! You're not going to get any breaks between now a-and the end of the show." The Barber Mole began styling her hair.

"And? I'm perfect, I don't need breaks." She replied, sipping on Raspberry flavored Lemonade the other Mole brought her.

After a half hour of hair styling and a finished Lemonade Sweetheart got ready for her dress fitting.

"Make sure it fits me RIGHT this time, I don't want it baggy like the previous tailor did." She stared as the Tailor Mole nervously nodded and got to work measuring her waist.

Another Butler Mole came in with more refreshments. Sweethearts constant drinks had caused a few close call in the past but nothing she couldn't handle. After all she was "perfect."

After the tailor finished measuring and fitting the dress it was only twenty minutes until Showtime. Sweetheart considered stopping by the bathroom before the show started before remembering there was no time for breaks.

She walked into the backstage area with Mole Mike and the three contestants getting ready to go on. Sweetheart turned away to make sure she didn't see her true love before the show began.

"Three, two, one, Showtime." A Mole motioned for Mike Mole to head on. Where he began his announcements. Sweetheart wasn't paying attention though, she was daydreaming about what her True Love would look like.

Her conscious mind may have been on love, but her unconscious mind was on something a little lower then her heart.

"S-Sweetheart?" A Mole walked up to her carrying a tray.

"H-huh? Oh! Uhh yes?" She snapped out of her daydream.

"Would you like your pre performance drink?" He pushed the tray towards her.

"Yes I would." She snatched the drink from the tray and gulped it down as he ran off.

The nervousness is making my throat dry, she thought to herself. As she began again to wonder what her Love would look like the lights went out.

"H-huh!?" She gasped.

"Oh, no! There's A blackout!" Someone from the audience yelled.

Sprout Moles began running around screaming help before a few Maid Moles said, "Sweetheart! Don't move! We don't know what's happening and we don't want you to get hurt in the dark! Just stay in place!" Before running off again.

A blackout? Those idiots, I wanted tonight to be perfect! Sweetheart thought before sitting on the ground. All these changes are really messing with my schedule! Maybe I shouldn't have been so quick to set this up.

Sitting alone in the dark caused Sweetheart to notice a feeling she didn't pay any mind to while daydreaming, she needed to pee.

"Crap..." She muttered under her breath. She can't use the bathroom while the powers out and once it comes back on the show will resume. "I just have to hold it."

After sitting alone in the dark for an uncomfortable amount of time, the power finally came back on.

She stood up, dusted her dress off and got ready for the show. As she stood behind the curtain she heard the announcer start the show over. Before finally getting to the point she needed to go on.

"She emits... Beauty... She exudes... Grace... She truly has... The most pulchritudinous face... Yes! You know who were talking about! She's all that's amazing and wonderful, and she is just about to set foot out his very stage! She's the one... The only... The magnificent..." Mike Mole paused as Sweetheart breathes in.

"OHOHOHOHOHOHO!" She took a breath to prepare for the next laugh as her bladder protested.

"OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO!" She breathed in for one final massive laugh.

"OHOHOHOHOHOHOHO-*hack*" The crowd ignored her unfinished final laugh and cheered anyway as Sweetheart tightened her bladder muscles.

Oh god, If I hadn't stopped laughing there, I would've leaked! She thought to herself. I better tone in down a bit.

"An excellent entrance, my liege!" Mike Mole insisted.

"Ahhhh Yes! Its me!" She said in a much quieter voice then usual. "Hello my stupid, adoring fans!"

"We love you Sweetheart! Yeah, you're the best!" Her stupid adoring fans yelled back.

"Ohohohoho!" She did her laugh much softer to prevent more repercussions from her bladder.

"Sweetheart... We have brought three of the best bachelors in the world onto this stage. Will today be the day one of them steals your heart?" Mike continues, "Let's start with some questions. One thing that Sweetheart values most in a companion is complete and absolute obedience!"

Sweetheart waited as patiently as her filling bladder would allow. What's all the hold up? She thought to herself. She muttered under her breath, "I don't remember it taking this long."

"Do you, contestant #1, agree... To pledge your allegiance to Sweetheart for the rest of your life? Contestant #1! What is your answer?" Mike motioned as the spotlight shined on #1.

"Uh... Sure. I don't know... I guess..." He answered without giving a real answer.

"Playing hard to get, I see! What do you think about that response, Sweetheart?" The spotlight moved to her.

Due to the nagging presence of her bladder she shortened who usual responses.

"Uhh... He's too short! Guards!" She motioned them on stage trying not to act stiff.

The guards rushed on stage and grabbed #1.

"HELLLLPPPPP MEEEE!!" He shouted as he was dragged of stage.

"Now onto contestant #2. We ask you the same question. There's no right or wrong answer. Just answer truthfully! Contestant #2... Will you pledge your allegiance to Sweetheart for the rest of your life?" The spotlight moved to him.

"Well, uh... Sure! If that means I won't be taken by the guards." #2 answered wrong.

"This one offends me! Take him away." She was rushing the show.

"Contestant #3! It looks like you're the last one standing. I'll ask the same question one more time. Again, no pressure at all. Do you, Hero, agree to pledge your allegiance to Sweetheart for the rest of your life?" The spotlight shines bright on Hero.

Sweetheart looks over and sees Hero, her eyes gazing at his features. She's in love. Her bladder and the rest of the world falls away to just her and Hero.

"..." Hero pauses for a moment. "Well... No, that doesn't seem fair at all. Why would I do that?"

"My... This one. He's absolutely immaculate! Could it be? Is Sweetheart... In love?" She played up the show, her bladder a distant thought. She fell head over heels so hard she's standing up again.

"WHAT AN EXCITING TURN OF EVENTS! This must be fate! A match made in Heaven!" Mike shouted.

"W-Wait, but I just said-" Hero got cut off.

"AH, YES, YES! YOU'LL DO JUST FINE. Now, what was your name again?" Sweetheart's heart was ready to explode with how much she loved Hero, something else was getting close too.

"H-Huh? I-it's uh... It's Hero, ma'am..." He stuttered.

"Hero! My Hero! We must go to my chambers at once!" She was ready to propose to someone she just met.

"Guards! I have chosen my suitor. TAKE HIM AWAY!" She shouted to her guards, she was acting stiff, but didn't notice because she was blinded by love.

As Omori's party argued about what Hero should do, Sweetheart felt something.

Oh crap! I need to pee! Her body shot back into panic mode as she crossed her legs underneath her dress. Before remembering that she still needed to keep up the show if she wanted to win Hero.

"I-it's time, Hero! Your Princess awaits!" She beckoned Hero over to her, with a hope he would move quickly so she could get a break.

"Excuse me... Sweetheart... Ma'am?" Hero asked.

"A-ah, yes... My lovely Hero! How I yearn for the sound of your s-sweet voice! Say my name again!" Under Sweetheart's mostly composed exterior lay an interior in shambles. Her mind racing as all the liquid pounded on the walls of her bladder, desperate to get out.

"Wow, haha... That's so nice of you... I mean-" Hero sighed, "Ahem... I'm sorry, Sweetheart, but... I'm... Not... Interested..."

"Why... Whatever do y-you mean, my Prince?" Sweetheart was stunned.

"I... Uh... This is all really flattering and all, but, you know... We only just met like... A few moments ago, and... Well... I have to reject your... Umm. Offer?" He explained.

"O-oh, pish-posh! Oh, don't be silly, Hero! I-I've never heard anything sillier!" She was getting desperate but had to win Hero first.

"It... It's true. I'm sorry Sweetheart, but... I... Don't... Want... To marry you." Hero sighed.

"... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..." Sweetheart took a long pause, shocked by what had just occurred.

"T-this... This is preposterous... No... This... This is blasphemy!" Her anger overrode her body. "YOU DARE REJECT SWEETHEART!?!?"

Her bladder bounced as she shook with rage, almost splitting her fan in half.

"EVERYONE LOVES SWEETHEART!! YOU HEAR ME!? EVERYONE!! SEND HIM OFF TO THE DUNGEON!!" Her body crossed her legs tighter as she continued to focus on her rage.

"Hey! Stop right there! You can't take Hero. He belongs to us!" Aubrey jumped out of her seat.

"W-what's this now?" Her free hand shot to her crotch. "What is a

@@non-Sweetheart fan doing in the audience?"

Murmurs in the crowd could be heard, talking about Hero while a few mentioned Sweetheart's weird stance.

"A-ah... I see... You must be Hero's fans!" She shuffled in place.

"T-the nerve of you lot... First you make a fool out of me... Then, you interrupt me during my own show!?" Sweetheart crossed tighter.

"I-I'm the one who makes the rules around here! GUARDS! TAKE THEM-*gasp*" Sweetheart lurched forward.

"H-huh? Are you okay?" Asked Hero.

"T-take them away!" Sweetheart pushed harder into herself.

The guards grabbed Omori's crew while some other Moles dropped the curtain and rushed the audience out of there.

A Maid Mole ran up to her, "Sweetheart! Are you okay?"

"T-take me to my chambers a-at once." She whimpered out while standing up.

"Are you s-sure you're all right?" He asked nervously.

"T-take me to my chambers." Is all she could reply with.

She walked lopsided, basically limping with both hands jammed deep in her dress.

I-I just need to make it. She thought to herself. Before her bladder spasmed and she fell forward on her knees. Her panties blocking the first leak.

She couldn't stand up. If she moved her hands to support herself she would leak. She knelt there, trapped by her bladder. All she could do was tear up. Her assumed perfection would be her downfall.

After being stuck on the ground in the empty hall for the what felt like hours, she heard footsteps. She kept her head down in hopes they wouldn't recognize her.

"Huh? Who's that hanging out on the ground?" Asked Kel, walking over to see who it was.

"S-Sweetheart!?" Kel jumped back.

"Sweetheart? Are you okay?" Hero walked up next to her, crouching to get a better look.

Sweetheart had her head down with her eyes shut tight. No... Not them. She thought. Anybody but them.

Hero looked down, noticing her hands in her crotch. "O-oh, you uhh... Had to go to the bathroom." He looked back up.

"Seriously!? She had to pee, that's why she sent us to the dungeon?" Aubrey walked over to her.

"You need some help?" Asked Kel, the three of them surrounding her as Omori stood off to the side.

She couldn't refuse any help in such a state. She nodded, reopening her eyes.

Hero helped her up, with her hands still glued firmly to her crotch.

"There we go, now... Where was the bathroom?" Hero's glanced around.

"I dunno, I don't think we ever found one." Kel shrugged.

"She could use a... Bush, I guess?" Asked Aubrey.

"Well where's the garden?" Hero looked at Sweetheart in her current state.

"Main hall I think?" Aubrey turned towards the direction of the main hall.

"But aren't there a bunch of people there?" Hero asked back.

"Does it really matter?" Questioned Kel.

"Of course it does! Would you want people to see you like this?" Aubrey shot back.

"P-please." Sweetheart whimpered, everyone stopped talking and turned to her. "J-just find me, s-something." She closed her eyes again, gritting her teeth at how hard she needed to hold.

"Oh! Uhh... Okay! Umm..." Hero looked around until something caught his eye, "Ah! How about a flower pot?"

Sweetheart nodded as Kel went and grabbed it. He handed the flowers to Aubrey before dumping the water out. The sound of which caused Sweetheart to leak again.

Kel set the pot down on the ground as Sweetheart shuffled over to it. She pulled the dress up as everyone turned around as to not invade her privacy.

The instant she got her panties down her bladder shot out straight into the pot. A massive golden stream leaving her body. She kept going until, "W-what!" She cut off her stream much to the pain of her still very full bladder.

"Huh? Is something wrong!?" Hero rushed over to make sure she was not injured.

"T-the flower pot... It's f-full. I s-still... Need to..." She stifled a sob as she put her hands back in her crotch.

"We can just get you another flower pot." Kel said as he walked over to grab another one.

"I d-don't know if I can s-stop again." Tears welled in her eyes.

"Oh... Well... Uhh... Well where is the bathroom?" Hero asked putting his arm around Sweetheart so she wouldn't fall.

"T-the only one is..." She paused, "is located in my chambers."

"Your bedroom? Oh we know where that is! I got a cool weapon from there!" Aubrey pulled out the body pillow.

"My! M-my pillow... It doesn't matter. P-please just take me there." Sweetheart started walking, using Hero as support.

"Wait!" Aubrey yelled, Hero paused. "The only way to her Bedroom is through the main hall!"

"Well... That uhh... Seems like a problem. Umm... Do you think you could uhh... Just act natural? Like you don't need to pee?" Hero looked over at Sweetheart doubting her answer.

"I g-guess. Hopefully." Sweetheart tried to stand up straight and put her hands to her sides before stepping out into the main hall.

The group walked through undetected for the first stretch, before a Maid Mole noticed them. Sweetheart put on a fake smile while the party nervously threw their masks on.

"Sweetheart! You're better now." The Mole leaned in, "In all honesty I thought you were going to wet yourself on stage.

"Oh ha ha, Heavens n-no! I'm too perfect for that. Ha." She let out a nervous laugh before smiling again, "Shouldn't y-you be cleaning? T-there's bound to be something d-dirty."

"O-oh! Okay, uhh... Just make sure you take care of her guys." She motioned to the group before running off to find something to do.

"That was too close." Aubrey pulled her mask up.

"Lets keep going." Hero said as he led the group forward.

Sweetheart kept on the fake smile, occasionally waving to people as to not draw attention.

Finally making it out of sight, Sweetheart doubled over in pain.

"Are you sure you can make it?" Asked Hero.

"Well it's just up ahead!" Kel yelled back as he ran towards the elevator.

After a much slower walk the rest of the group caught up.

"Gooing uppp?" Kel put on a funny voice.

"Kel! Now's not the time!" Aubrey said annoyed.

After they all packed into the elevator, Omori hit the button. The jolt shocked Sweetheart's bladder and made her double over again.

"Are... You sure you will make it?" Hero once again asked.

Sweetheart nodded, she was too close not to make it! Nothing could stop her now, she thought to herself.

But... Alas, her story was not a happy ending. The elevator lurched to a halt. And the automatic speaker sprung to life. Playing a pre recorded message.

"Uh oh! The elevator appears to be out of order. You will be rescued momentarily, just remember! Sweetheart hopes you enjoy your stay! OHOHOHOHOHO!" Before the speaker shut back off.

"N-no... N-no! N-no please no!" She was spiraling.

"Sweetheart!" Hero grabbed her, "You're fine. You can make it! You just have to believe, you are strong. You got this."

Sweetheart blinked at what just occurred, in there little time together she had never seen him act like this. She was ready to give up but... Hero motivated her to keep pushing, to keep holding, to make it.

Sweetheart clamped down harder to prepare for the challenge that lay ahead of her. Looking over at Hero she got a smile and a thumbs up. She drowned out everything other then her and her bladder.

"Soooo, what are we gonna do now?" Kel sat down.

"I dunno." Aubrey replied as she joined him.

"She gonna be good?" Asked Kel as he motioned over to Sweetheart.

"I think... She has this." Hero said with a hopeful smile.

After a while of waiting Hero was starting to get worried, he was pacing back and forth in the tiny box. Kel was dozing off in the corner while Omori just stared at the ceiling. Aubrey finally broke the silence.

"So... Is there like, A call button or something? To let people know we're here?" She asked, standing up.

She walked over to the panel without waiting for a reply.

"Hmm... Ah, here it is." She pressed the call button.

"W-we, never called f-for help until now?" Sweetheart sputtered out.

"Huh? Oh yeah no we didn't." Aubrey replied.

The button buzzed, "Hello, you've reached Sprout Mole emergency services, what's your emergency?"

"You know Sweetheart's bedroom elevator?" Aubrey asked into the speaker.

"Yes we in fact know that location." The Mole on the other end replied.

"Yeah we're stuck there." She explained.

"And how urgent is the current situation?" The Mole asked.

"Uhh..." Aubrey looked over at Sweetheart, "Yeah pretty urgent. We got Sweetheart here with us, if that makes you guys go faster."

"S-Sweetheart's there? Umm, yes we'll be over right away." The Mole on the other end hung up.

"W-we had no c-chance of getting out b-before now?" Sweetheart asked, distraught about the situation.

"I guess not." Aubrey replied as Kel woke up.

Sweetheart was starting to cry again. And with a nervous Hero in no state to improve the situation someone else had to step up.

"Hey wait a minute, why don't we just force the elevator doors open? Like, Hero give me your spatula." Kel grabbed it from Hero and stuck it in the door.

Struggling for good leverage, Kel was able to get it open just enough to get his hand in there and start pulling. After some help from Aubrey, he was able to get the door fully open. To reveal they were a little bit below a floor. Albeit not the right one.

Hero snapped out of his pacing, "Wait... You got the door open?"

"Yeah, we can see if there's anything for Sweetheart here. Do you have stairs?" Aubrey turned to Sweetheart.

"Y-yes, but they m-might not be in great condition... T-they fell into disrepair a-after I got the elevator." Sweetheart explained as she started shuffling towards the now open elevator doors.

Stepping out into the hallway revealed they were on a mostly unused floor. With storage boxes and dust everywhere.

"Well where's the stairs?" Hero asked.

Sweetheart kept walking forward without answering, saving her energy for holding just that little bit longer.

She finally reached the door labeled stairs. And with Hero holding it for her she stepped in, before seeing the mountain of stairs waiting for her.

"Wow that's... that's a lot of stairs." Kel gawked upwards as he took the first step.

Sweetheart slowly made her way up the several flights of stairs. Her state deteriorating so much it forced Hero to hold her up again. But finally, she reached the final door to her room.

Kel holding it because Hero had to hold her, she stepped into the room. Taking shaky steps towards the door on the other end, she was nearing her destination. Her bladder knew it too, making it much harder for her to hold.

And she finally reached the door. Hero reached his hand towards the handle and... Locked. He jiggled the handle, pulled on it and even tried ripping the handle off but it wouldn't budge.

"M-my keys... I keep k-keys to my bathroom. I kept them i-in the safest spot I could think o-of, my panties. A-and my panties... Are all t-the way down on the first floor w-with the flower pot." This realization broke Sweetheart, her persevering for so long, only for her to not have relief. She just couldn't handle it.

She hobbled back to her bed, and sat down. Hero sat down next to her as the rest of the party left since they knew what was coming next.

Sweetheart cried, if she didn't have her hands in her crotch her head would be in them. Hero on his hand on Sweetheart's back, trying to comfort her before the end they all knew was coming.

She sat there, with no chance of relief, still holding. Without any option for her, she still held.

Hero sighed, "Sweetheart, I-I know this is hard for you but... I don't want you to hurt yourself. T-there's nowhere for you to go and... Continuing to hold is just hurting your body."

Sweetheart knew it, she had no other options, so she just... Released.

A wet spot grew outwards from the spot she was sitting as she silently cried, taking her pee soaked hands out of her crotch to cover her eyes to the reality of what was happening. Hero said nothing.

She just sat, in her own puddle, a puddle that soaked into her bed and her clothes, it even soaked into Hero's clothes but he didn't care. He was there to comfort her.

And that would be the end! I wanted to try ending with the accident instead of having an outro so let me know what you think! I hope you enjoyed.

*003*2022-11-13 05:36

{{4 hours ago, splatman55 said:

This was pretty good!

I just wish omori had more omorashi stories or art, since that's basically non-existent.

I hope you keep up the great work.

}}

Hey thanks! I do plan on making more for this one but it's taking a while. In the mean time though I made a topic for shorter Omori omo stories. The first ones actually out now! Thanks for the kind words and yes, we all need more Omori Omorashi.

