Malki's bladder's adventure part 2 (Final part)

Author: the ghost

*000*2021-09-27 14:27

Of course the students were struggling right from the beginning. Questions were extremely hard. Even the class topper found the paper stressing. He instantly started doing the paper from the end, right after reading the first question. Nobody even hesitated to copy since they all knew the papers is hard for a common grade 11 student. After some time heavy rainfall resumed slightly wetting Malki’s back exposing her ocean blue bra straps, her toned back and everything. To avoid getting further wet she quickly started marching around students glancing at their empty papers while adjusting her half-wet saree, exposing a great amount of fatty love handles and deeply seated round navel.

$$

About 15 minutes into the exam, unfortunately a student’s paper got caught in wind and carried away. Malki didn’t see that, but when she turns around to see what’s the sound was, all she could see was innocent Akila handing over that paper to the rightful owner.

“Ah ha. What are you doing Mr. Akila?” Malki shouted out loud startling the silent class.

“No madam I was just …”

“No excuses. You get what you deserve.” Malki’s fierce words attacked innocent Akila.

“But madam I didn’t cheat. I was giving his own paper to him” Akila raised his voice.

“Talking back to a teacher? You’ll get minus 50 marks.” Said Malki as she wrote -50 in Akila’s paper with her atlas chooty red pen.

All dreams of Akila’s broke. He studied so hard to pass the exam but now its all gone.

“I’ll never pass this exam with this -50. Shit how unlucky I am.” Though Akila as he almost cried. This incident shook other students as didn’t want trouble.

Akila was never a bright student. He was the average joe. Didn’t had many friends. But he wanted to change that by starting off in studying well and getting good grades. But now its all gone. He already failed the most important subject. Mathematics. He just slept in his table while having flashbacks of his parents scolding him and being a looser.

Time passed by quickly. No one dared to copy or at least try to ask for a protractor from friends. Everyone somehow seems to complete at least half of the paper. Even Akila also tried his best to reduce that minus 50 mark so at least he can marginally get a S pass. Kevin, who was a close friend of Akila seems to be confidant after the paper. Akila though how an average student like him looked so confidant after a hectic disastrous paper. He wanted to ask from Kevin what’s his secret after the exam, but he was not in a proper mood.

Soon the bell rang and the Math part I paper was done and dusted. Malki soon collected all the papers without giving students a minute of spare time and walked to the staff room with papers in her hand.

“What a bitch, why is she so mean now. She used to be really nice.” Kevin said to Akila while feeling sorry for him.

“Yeah. Hope I’ll do better in part II.” Akila said in a faint voice.

“Will your father scold you for this?”

“Oh god he’s gonna kill me for real.”

“Hmm that’s sad, we’ll do something for that. Anyway Imma go take a pee. Let’s meet at the canteen.” Suggested Kevin.

“Father? Pee?” those two words lit a light bulb in Akila’s head.

“Nah you go with others. I have some important task to do” said Akila while giving a weird mad scientist grin.

“What’s with that grin.” Thought Kevin as he walked to the boys’ washroom.

Suddenly Akila got a happy face and decided to meet his father at his pharmacy. Since its exam days, students can go out o the school as they wish during the interval.

“Hope he’s having lunch. Please god.” Prayed Akila as he hurried towards his dad’s pharmacy. From far away he could see there was young woman in the shop.

“Yessss. He’s not here. Omg let’s see how this goes.”

Akila opened the pharmacy door and went inside.

“Hi Akila, how are you?” greeted the young woman who was working.

“I guess I’m fine. But where’s dad?”

“Oh he went to lunch with friends.”

As Akila confirmed his dad’s absence. He asked for a Choco bar from the lady.

“Oh wait it’s in the back, I’ll get one for you” as she went to the back Akila quickly went behind the glass showcase and started searching for something.

$$

“Fur fur fur. Ah here it is. FUROSEMIDE.” Akila quickly got a card of tablets and put in his pocket.

Soon after the lady came with the Choco bar.

“Here you go it’s on the house.” She refused any cash, but Akila soon took the Choco bar and kept money on the table ran to school.

He managed to get in time to setup his plan. He quickly gulped his lunch while others were looking at him laughing hysterically.

“WTF is wrong with this guy today. Oh my god look at the way he’s eating.” Lost of colleagues laughed at him but he didn’t care sine he got a bigger plan in his mind.

He quickly finished eating, washed his hand and straight went to the boys’ restroom with a piece of paper and occupied a stall. Then he quietly put the commode seat down and placed the exercises book page on it. Then he took out every pill in the Furosemide card and crushed it into a dust. Then he nicely folded it into a pack and placed it inside his pocket. He flushed the empty pill card down the toilet and came back to stand in front his class where he can see the staff room clearly.

“He’s clearly up to something.” Kevin thought.

While Akila was staring at the Staff room he could see all the teacher including Ms. Malki and Andui were laughing out loud while having their lunch.

“Just laugh while you can. Hahahaha” Akila thought to himself.

After done eating the ladies went to wash their hand outside the staff room. Akila took that chance went inside the empty staff room, nervously angled his self-made pack containing the diuretic dust, into Malki’s water bottle.

WhatsApp Video 2021-09-27 at 7.42.01 PM (1).mp4

Since he was so afraid that he might get caught, he dropped some of the diuretic on the desk to. Quickly he collected them with his hand and put inside the bottle again. After giving the bartender’s shake, the cocktail was ready to be served as the hot water absorbed all the particles well. He quickly fled the scene to his classroom as if nothing happened there.

After washing their hands some teachers went to relive themself. Malki also sat on the commode to take her midday piss and emptied all the liquid stored in her bladder. So was Anudi. And the came back to the staff room and packed their things to get ready for afternoon session.

For most of classes there weren’t any afternoon sessions. Their exams are over. So almost every teacher went to their homes. But Malki and Anudi had evening examiner jobs. So they had to stay a bit later. Since majority of Malki’s class is performing below average, headmaster came for a visit.

“Miss, I want you to do what you did in the morning. Catch everyone who’s cheating and don’t ever leave the classroom. Since your class isn’t performing that well, I need you to pay extra attention.” Said the headmaster.

“Okay sir I’ll do my job”

“Oh the other thing. The national examiners will also come to check your classroom as well. So be prepared. Student did you hear as well” headmaster informed the students as well.

“Okayy” replied both Malki and the students.

Soon the exam started, as soon as Malki distribute papers to the students, she drank two big gulps of water from her bottle. Akila got excited like never before.

WhatsApp Video 2021-09-27 at 7.42.01 PM.mp4

“Ah yes. Plan succeeded.” Thought Akila only to come up with a counter thought.

“What if she just casually uses the teacher’s restroom. Then there’s no point.”

“Ma’am may I go to the washroom.” Asked Kevin as Akila was thinking for a plan.

“No. The exam started. Can’t you hold it, are you a baby?” Malki disagreed.

“Please ma’am the exam only just started. Please.”

“Ah okay go take your piss quick. What a pain you guys are.” Malki let him go to the washroom because he’s been a great kid recently. Personality wise and educational wise both.

So Kevin ran out of the class, but he went to the opposite side of the restrooms were. And Akila did notice this.

“Wtf he’s going. Is tryna ruin my plans? Or is he trying to catch me spiking teacher’s drink. What the hell” Thought Akila.

So Akila kept on looking at him as he went inside the staff room. He firstly wide opened the teacher washroom. Then somewhere inside a cupboard he found a lock and a key.

“Oh my fucking god. Is he doing what I think he’s doing? No way.” Joyful thoughts came into Akila’s mind as Kevin locked the Staff room’s metal gate. It looked like a pained metal gate that you can lock. It is very strong and act as a door preventing anyone coming into the staff room. Usually it’s the cleaning staff’s job to close it. After locking it Kevin threw the key far inside the staff room where no one can reach.

While seating down Kevin gave a naughty funny look at Akila to which responded with the same.

Everyone was busy writing, not Akila. He was eagerly waiting for the big event. Kevin seems to be writing really fast so he can enjoy the scene soon. Others were also trying their best.

Upon reaching 20 minutes time, the medicine seems to mix with her blood. At first, she was sweating a lot. To the point her back was again wet, but with sweat this time. Sweat from her neck fell down into the breasts rapidly, wetting her chest also. So she took a book as used it as a fan to blow some cold wind into her chest area. Soon the rain started again. With the maximum force. Raindrops were making loud bangs as they were hitting the ceiling of the building. Even the wind was so strong, lots of leaves and debris were rapidly flowing with it. To get rid of the sweat she thought of drinking more water. Eventually she emptied half of her water bottle within less than 30 minutes.

Soon she could feel something is not right as she could literally feel her left and right ureters ejecting a powerful stream of urine into her poor bladder. Almost making a noise as the stream hits her bladder walls. Natures call came very quickly. She wanted to pee, but the headmaster told not to leave the examination hall.

WhatsApp Video 2021-09-27 at 7.28.50 PM.mp4

“Oh I can hold this for sure, I’ve done more tiring holds. Gotta pay more attention to students.” She thought.

Suddenly the rain became more intense and started lightning. Cold weather made her hold worse.

Cold winds were basically stinging her body. The bladder kept filling, was the papers. Seems like the part-II is easy for the boys. Kevin seemed even more confidant.

Her ureters kept flowing more pee into her bladder powered by the high concentrated diuretic. Her kidneys kept filtering more and more water from her body and Malki felt thirsty also, despite needing to pee. “God I’m thirsty also. Can’t drink more water. Have to bear that as well.” Malki sighed and stood up from her chair and start walking around the class pretending to examine students, while actually it kind of helped her to hold her pee. She was basically fidgeting here and there while walking around and grabbed her crotch time to time when she’s facing backwards to students. Anyone who saw her could easily see that she needed the restroom. She almost pee danced while walking.

10 minutes passed and her bladder is fully filled, yet only s small amount of diuretic was used in the process. Brain was emitting emergency signals.

“Ss aah I can’t hold it anymore oh god” she decided its time for a wee.

“Children I’m going out for a... a… a small task. An office ta...task. Please do not copy or make noise, I’ll be back soon” Malki muttered while openly grabbing her crouch. Right after the next moment she ran to staff room for the comfort of teacher’s washroom, only to see the main door (metal gate) is closed.

“Oh no. wtf how is it closed” her eyes got tear up.

She could clearly see the opened bathroom door and the clear white commode which only teased her. She fantasized what sort of pleasure she would have if the door was open. She imagined sitting on the commode and peeing for minutes while sighing with the pleasure of releasing her tensed muscle.

“Ahhh I can’t hold it much longer. Maybe I’ll go to primary section bathrooms. No other option” She started to panic and ran to her classroom to search inside her handbag for an umbrella, because obviously its raining heavily outside.

“Oh god I’ve left it at home. What an unlucky day.”

“Students do you have an umbrella, Please I need one right now please. It for urgent office work” She basically begged for an umbrella from the class.

At this moment almost everyone was confirmed what she was going through so to tease her more, even the guys who brought their umbrellas also said no. Malki was left hopeless.

“If I go out in raining without even having a panty? Will be as good as naked.” Malki really started to panic and her thirsty increased.

Without even thinking the next thing she did was gulping two mouthful of water to set off her thirst.

“Oh that was really good, much needed that.” She just added more diuretics to her body.

So after knowing that she’s been imprisoned within the classroom, she had no choice but to hold her pee and sit down. At this point she didn’t really care whether students copy or not. All her concentration was towards holding her water tank. To aid her in holding she decided to pull her saree up to the waist height and sit on her soft cushion butt while pressing hard against her clothes pisshole. Any student who bends down could see Malki’s glamours pussy cat in the verge of having an accident.

All these while she was slightly moaning time to time and was singing “Rain Rain Go Away” song in her mind.

Rain, rain, go away

Come again another day

Mommy wants piss today

Rain, rain go away

Yep, it doesn’t help at all. The rain is nowhere near stopping, it only grew much worse. Just like Malki’s urge to urinate. At this moment her bladder was 100% full and each wave was harder to hold. She was moaning, pressing against her pussy, and bending down to prepare for each piss wave. While students were happily copying and even talking, she did not hear or see any of it. All she was thinking about ways to empty her bladder. Many students were purposefully dropping their belonging so in the process of picking it up, they could have a little peep under Malki’s dress for the treasure.

$$

After some time Malki’s got an idea. A light bulb lit inside her head. Th plan was to empty her aching bladder into her own water bottle. Since the teachers table was big and the tablecloth was covering a big area, she though it will be a great cover.

“I accept the defeat. Imma let it to go inside my water bottle. Uhhhh”

So she took her water bottle and drank all the water left in it (All the high concentrated diuretic at the bottom of the bottle.). And looked around for students or anyone watching. She waited for everyone to look away and placed the bottle between her thighs and aimed its opened lid to be dying pisshole. Then right before she opened a floodgates to the bottle, she gave a sigh out loud for her enjoyment. Unfortunately just before she released her muscle, she could see the headmaster with two other middle-aged national examiners were coming towards her class. With their umbrellas.

“Oh Motherfuckers, why now. Why I can’t take this piss. Oh whyyyyy???” her eyes got teared up from the frustration and she quickly stood up and put her saree down covering everything. The water bottle fell on the floor and rolled away under a cupboard.

“So, Ms. Malki these are the two National Examiners. They will stay with you for about an hour to check you and your class.” Terrible news was brought to Malki by headmaster.

“An hour?” literally screamed Malki in agony.

“Is it a problem ma’am? We heard you did a great job catching students copying. We are here to check and confirm it.” Said the female National Examiner.

“Uh no no it’s just I have to go t…”

“Ah okay then we’ll proceed” said by the male examiner ignoring Malki’s basic human need, while both of them were getting into the examination hall.

By the time national examiners came, students had already copied almost all the paper, they are now just doing those easy parts and revising the paper.

WhatsApp Video 2021-09-27 at 7.28.50 PM (3).mp4

Malki again went to sit on her chair while the two examiners sat across the classroom directly looking at Malki. Almost in a creepy way (This is probably Malki’s need to piss making her to believe things that aren’t happening.) She kept clapping with her knees vigorously while squeezing her vagina screaming for a relief. Her need for piss is so powerful her stomach started to ache, and it had a noticeable bulge also.

Now her bladder and her two ureters were filled with urine, it is physically impossible for more piss to accumulate. Suddenly her bladder decided to let a small spurt of piss to emit to make space for more pee, which was rapidly producing by the kidneys. It was released rapidly through her lips even though she was closing it with her sheer willpower to protect her dignity. The piss was hot by her burning bladder, and it was colorless. The spurt slightly wet her saree and the floor. The empty space created by that small piss was instantly filled by the next wave of piss.

$$

At this time her face was agonized she was almost sobbing. Malki’s eyes got tear up and her hands grabbed the whole crotch area more tightly preventing any future leaks. She suddenly checked the time hoping that the exam will end like in 10 minutes.

“45 minutes to go? I’m definitely gonna piss before that for sure. Doesn’t matter where or how. Ahh” Her massive desperation made her to lose the track of time. Soon she kept her head on her table and start dance around in her chair, whilst sitting on it.

“Ms. Malki, are you feeling well?” Asked the lady inspector.

“Omg nooo. I need to piss like right now, Can I go out?” Thought Malki while her words came out as “I’m fine.” She didn’t want a bad reputation and hoped this effort rises her pay at least.

Her knees kept hitting each other fast as the rain increases. Crotch was murdered by her fingertips. Since all the students were done with the exam using Kevin’s answers, it provided entertainment for them.

“The revenge was successful. But why isn’t she wet her saree yet?” Akila started to worry a bit until he saw a 2 second worth of stream under the teacher’s chair, followed by a slight moan.

“Ahahhah. Her mug started overflowing. Mmmmm” Akila was feeling happy and excited at the same time.

While the emptied space was again filled inside Malki’s bladder, she still couldn’t feel the existence of the bladder. The pain was gone, and she started worried where her precious piss went.

Suddenly she remembered a science period a long time ago when she was a student.

“Ok student’s our lesson for today is The human urinary system. Are you guys ready to learn something new???” Malki’s science teacher asked from her classroom.

“The urinary system includes the kidneys, ureters, bladder and urethra. This system filters your blood, removing waste and excess water. This waste becomes urine. The most common urinary issues are bladder infections and urinary tract infections (UTIs)” She kept speaking. But suddenly..

3, 2, 1

A bell rand inside Malki’s system.

WhatsApp Video 2021-09-27 at 7.28.50 PM (2).mp4

Just like a tsunami, the final boss wave hit her bladder opening, which automatically made stand up and run somewhere private. As soon as she stands up the bladder lost its control and started leaking vigorously. While she was screaming “Aaaah” she ran out of the class marking her territory along the way. Both examiners stood up in a surprise while student got turned on. Some started laughing and some followed her.

As soon as she got out of the building all she could see was the drain that was near the classroom. Within a split second she kept her legs apart and squatted while aiming into the drain, as her saree was lifted displaying her fatty round ass, half hairy kitty and her sweet deep belly button.

A thunder stroke in the background as soon as she let go of that abdomen bladder muscle with a loud audible sigh of her relief, while completely wetting by the rain in the process.

“Oh sweet lord.”

Malki’s irrigation department decided to open the dam into the school drain, between her wide kept V shaped legs, a high pressurized thick piss stream was emitting into the concrete drain, making a loud splash sound which was even audible through the splattering sound of the rain. It was crystal clear, and the mild sunlight reflected on her stream, lighting it up in the process. The drain was overfilling with the rainwater + piss.

“Oooh god” she was basically getting the pleasure of having sex with this pee. Her bladder was still numb, but she really felt the relief and pleasure. Within next 10-20 seconds she could feel her bladder reducing and as the piss stream is getting more and more powerful.

Around this time several students were directly staring at Malki’s piss hole, Kevin and Akila was among them. The students could see their own homeroom teacher squatting down and sighing while letting a massive thick stream between her fair meaty legs. Some of them even started recoding with their smuggled mobile phones. (It is prohibited for students to bring mobile phones to most of the schools in Sri Lanka) Malki really didn’t notice them until the walked near her splashing waterfall. She looked up straight to find that Akila and friends looking down with cameras focusing on her vagina. She felt really embarrassed and covered her face to protect her dignity. But it was too late almost everything so far was recorded and have been seen by her own students.

She started crying while covering face as Akila bend down to pull out her wet boobs out of the saree blouse and her blue bra. As Akila’s hand grabbed the meat chunks he could easily pull them out of the clothing with the help of the rainwater. The two soaked plumpy breasts were hanging down from her blouse while the cute pink nipples were looking at the boys with an innocent face. Goosebumps were on her little pinkies, and both had cute little waterdrops in them. He was able to squish the melons tightly and pull her nipples as far as he could, turning Malki on. Just like chewed pink bubblegum, the nipples were stretched to a great extent, giving Malki more pleasure. She did show a great deal of discomfort and showed aggression towards boys, but she was sort of distracted with emptying her bladder.

Next thing was the national examiners coming into the scene and hitting the boys and making them run back to the classroom. All while Malki’s continuously pissing out of her bladder.

As soon as the boys left her alone, she grabbed each of her two boobs and pushed it back to the rightful place, underneath her wet bra.

“It’s ok dear. Take your break.” The female examiner comforted Malki while patting on her head. Malki continued to cry slightly while still pissing with the same strength. Then she proceeds to hold an umbrella on her and cover Malki’s dignity with her saree pallu giving her some privacy, while the male examiner was peeping into the Malik’s overflowing lady part.

After a minute of pissing,

“It’s ok now ma’am, you can go” said Malki while taking the umbrella that was held, into her hand.

“Ok. Call me when you’re done.”

Malki continued to piss while holing onto the lone umbrella and keeping her head against the metal handle of it, looking somewhat sad. Her body was wholly wet, and anyone could see everything underneath.

The angel (the female examiner) soon faded away into the classroom, after helping Malki.

Although it has been over one and half minutes of emptying the bladder, she was still moaning time to time and was enjoying the moment of relief. She quickly adjusted her squatting position, still aiming her stream down at the drain. After a couple of loud startling thunder strikes, the rain faded away, keeping the dark clouds in the sky with some dim sunlight coming through.

After 2-minute mark her legs were aching a lot by squatting in similar positions. So she basically sat with her bare butts on the drain and laid her torso and the head on the concrete floor, making her legs more open and wider. Now the piss stream was emitting similar to a huge arch of water.

Aright after the 3 minute her piss stream got a lot weaker and by the time of 3 minute 20 seconds, she was a completely free woman, a bladder without any piss to hold. Last loud moan was made to signify the end of her piss. Then she straightened her cute wet legs and was basically laying on the concrete floor looking up, showing her saree-less Hello Kitty to the sky.

“Uh. The best piss ever” she said out loud while sighing.

After resting on the floor sometime, she stood up and called the female examiner. She came out of the class and took her to the primary section staff room. Malki was as good as naked. The water and piss made her body wet so much, the panty less saree was basically glued to her curves. Her camel toe was basically out in the open and even her pubic hair was visible through her saree. The voluptuous ass cheeks were fully visible and moved back and forth as she walked. Her nipples and the shape of the boobs were also visible beyond the dress and her blue bra was highlighted through her pink saree blouse. She unsuccessfully covered those, using the left hand for the chest and the right hand for her pussy.

Upon reaching the primary staff room she removed her saree. Revealing her tired little pussycat to the examiner. Malki did felt embarrassed a bit. Despite of that she removed her saree blouse and her bra at once making her wet breasts bounce around couple of times in the cold air. At this point she was shivering from cold without any clothes. So, from a cupboard examiner gave her a small towel to dry herself up and waited outside the room.

She first dried her hair, chest, face, legs, pussy, and ass accordingly. Then she wore the towel which only covered her reproduction organ. Her freshly dried boobs were out in the open enjoying cold air while getting goosebumps on them. She proceeds to sit on a chair in the primary staff room until her clothes were dried by the examiner.

Within a 30 minutes her saree and blouse got dried. And she had to put her soaked bra in a polyethene bag and go home. After the clothes were ready, she dropped down the towel revealing her angelic body to the female examiner and quickly put the dress back on with help of the examiner. Then she proceeds to go home. By this time the boys already reached their homes and was discussing their teacher accident with pictures and videos on their WhatsApp group.

At around 4, Malki got into the bus for home. Luckily, she got a seat and she needed that after a tiring day. Within the next 10 minutes she stared to feel something unusual, yet familiar. The sensation she felt during the exam. Yes, Akila’s loop diuretic has started working again, but this time with more power. Soon she needed to piss again. Really badly. She started fidgeting around in her seat. She used her hand to grab her bare pisshole underneath the saree. Upon reaching 20 minutes she was in the of leaking and urgently wanted a squat.

“Oh no Why do I need to piss again so early?” she started to question herself.

“Okay only 3 more holts. Then I can run to home.” She thought.

That last holt is taking more than 15 minutes to reach.

“God why tf I can’t piss peacefully today. Where this traffic came from????” She started to agonize more and more.

So upon the reaching the maximum possible limit, she decided to basically jump out of slowly moving bus for her urgent break. Luckily, she saw a McDonalds and decided to empty her bladder there. She quickly ran into the McDonalds and frantically hurried into the washroom sign.

“Sorry ma’am, customers only. You can buy something from the counter.” A young lady McDonalds crew member crossed her path and showed the counter. Malki looked at the counter that had like 5 or 6 people lined up.

“Oh god I can’t hold that longer. Can I please use the restroom. Pleases????” begged Malki while pee dancing in front of her.

“No ma’am please buy something and show me the receipt. Then you can go.” She shattered Malki’s piss hopes. And Malki slowly joined the queue that wasn’t really moving. She asked from other can she go first but they all refused.

2 minutes passed and her bladder too a sneaky piss through Malki’s lips. It wet the floor yet long with her legs, yet nobody noticed. That piss panicked her, and she again hurried towards the washrooms only to find that the lady guarding the washroom is no longer there.

“Oh god. Finally a proper piss”

She ran to the ladies’ room and swiftly tried to open the door.

“Oh nooo. Its cleaning. That fucking bitch is cleaning it. Shit”

Without hesitation she moved to the men’s washroom hoping that there will be no one using the stalls.

Open opening the door she started jumping from each stall to stall only to find that the all 3 of them are clogged, hence the stalls are closed.

“Aaaah at this point I don’t mind pissing into a clogged toilet. God” Thought Malki while trying to open the stalls. Upon realizing that the effort is useless. She hugged the nearest urinal and aimed her stream into it.

“Ahhhh sweet loving piss. Never lets me pee like a woman. Ahhh”

Soon she heard someone approaching the washroom and all she could do is look down and continue the piss. Then a big 6ft man entered the washroom and stood right next to the urinal that Malki was using. He basically overshadowed Malki hence she was embarrassed and scared. Then the man took out his gigantic penis and proceeds to piss like a racehorse. Upon emptying his bladder he started to strike his penis, looking at Malki and her furry cat. Malki got scared and while pissing she ran to another urinal to proceed. Then the man just laughed out loud and went out of the washroom. Within a 20 seconds after she proceeds to go to her home.

After some time Malki reached home safely, without having any accidents. Although the first thing she needed as she got into the house was bathroom, obviously.

*Nightfall*

Well it rained quite heavily in the day, making the nights extremely hot. Lots of people were turning on their fans at night these days.

“Oh god its hotter than usual. Lemme try something.”

Malki took her short trouser and her tee that she wore while sleeping. And proceed to sleep with her cheap cotton panty and bra. She changed the sides of sleeping and rolled here and there trying to sleep.

“Ah there’s no option then.”

She swiftly reached out to the door and locked it with the keys. Then proceeds to slide down her panty and undo the bra strap. Within 30 minutes she finally could sleep, without any clothes and the with the turned-on ceiling fan.

Into 10 minutes of sleeping the Akila’s pill started its loop again. Her sack was again started filling quickly, although she was in sound sleep. Soon she started lucid dreaming.

She was complete nude, and she was replaying the scenario at school. The students were busy doing the paper and she needs pee really bad. She looked down at her crotch and grabbed it with both of her hands and started to pee dance while sitting on her chair.

Soon she could see a golden light in outside, near the staff room, so she went to examine that exposing her glamours body to her students, while they didn’t seem to care about that.

As she was going closer, what she could see was the teacher’s washroom has become golden. The commode was completely made out of gold, bidet shower was gold. Toilet paper roll was golden sheets. The small toilet was emitting a lavender and roses scents and the tiles were made out of white gold.

She quickly hurried to the toilet and looked around to check anyone watching her, since there were no one, she closed the golden door and locked it. Then she looked at the golden commode and smiled while saying “Finally a peaceful piss. Thank you, god.”

Then she bent over and kept her ass on the toilet seat. The gold toilet seat sent a cold chill into her butt meat which went up to her brain and made her moan. After adjusting her sating position, she released her tense muscle after being tortured by her bodily water. The pure water was released between her lips and the stream was quite strong and made a loud bubbly sound as it hits the golden water of the commode.

“Oh finally”

Then she proceeds to grab her breasts and play with her puffy nipples, with the excitement her nips turned hard, and goosebumps came.

She was still pissing in her dream toilet, but in real life she is just emptying her whole bladder ocean into the bed through her pink lips. Her hands were still playing with her tits while she was moaning from the pleasure of the piss. Since there were no panty or any other clothing on her body, those were saved, but unfortunately whole bed sheet and the mattress were kept wetting from Malki’s flood. After the mattress fully absorbed the piss, a small puddle was made and the additional pee from her pussy made ripples on it while making watery sound.

WhatsApp Video 2021-09-27 at 7.28.50 PM (1).mp4

After 2.57-minute mark the stream stopped. The sleeping the and lucid dreams continued until the morning. Malki and her bladder was resting well, soon to be woken up in an actual waterbed, like a mermaid in the sea.

The end.

*Credits and ending theme song play*

