Fluttershy's School Play Accident (and night with Rarity)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-03-12 22:04

An Equestria Girls story I came up with. My original draft had farting in it, but since most people here find that a turn-off or are just disinterested, I removed them. Also, they'll be in their last year of Canterlot High. And a story Rarity tells was inspired by a story of a witnessed event someone else mentioned. I kind of get carried away at the end, as usual.

Fluttershy's School Play Accident (and night with Rarity)

Fluttershy stood behind the stage, feeling nervous. When she heard that the school play had a rabbit character in it, she had signed up to play her without thinking, and was starting to have second thoughts, but it was too late now.

She was wearing a fairly tight pink bunny fursuit that Rarity had designed. She wore her summer outfit under it, which consisted of a white tank top and short, skintight green shorts. She hadn't washed them in a while so they smelled a little. She hoped no one would notice.

When it was time, she walked onstage. She tried to speak her first line, but stopped. She stared at the crowd whose eyes were on her. She tried to speak again, but her stage fright was getting the better of her. She was so nervous she wet her costume. She blushed beet red while the audience laughed. Fluttershy ran off the stage in tears.

The play was cancelled, but the audience didn't care, they got a good show all the same.

Rarity ran after Fluttershy, searching the school grounds for her. She eventually found her sitting under a tree, still in her costume, sobbing uncontrollably. Rarity quietly walked up to her, hoping her presence wouldn't cause Fluttershy any distress.

Fluttershy looked up. "I'm... I'm so sorry I r... ruined your costume, Rarity. I didn't m... mean to..."

"Oh, Fluttershy, darling, don't you dare apologize for that. All I have to do is throw it in the washing machine and it will be good as new. You focus on feeling better."

"You're... you're not disgusted at me?"

"Of course not." Rarity sat down and put her arm around her. "Don't ever tell anyone else this, but when I was camping with Pinkie last weekend, I had to use the bathroom, but the outhouse was occupied, so I ran behind it to go there, but Pinkie walked up to me so I pulled my shorts back up, but... I couldn't stop. And there was nothing I could do about my wet shorts until they dried."

"Oh, I'm so sorry Rarity."

"Pinkie was the only one who knew and she swore never to tell. So, don't think you're the only one."

Fluttershy was feeling better, mostly because Rarity wasn't disgusted with her.

"Let's go home and get you cleaned up."

...

At Rarity's house, Fluttershy removed her wet costume, and Rarity put it in her washing machine. Rarity had removed her fluffy white cat costume, revealing her light blue tank top and skintight purple shorts underneath. "I make sure all my outfits are machine washable in case they get dirty in any way. Even if you'd done... the other thing... in that costume, it'd come right out. I can give you a clean outfit and wash your shorts, too."

"Actually... I can stay like this for the rest of the night."

"Are you sure?"

"I don't mind if you don't." She blushed lightly.

"If you say so. How would you like a tea party?"

"I'd love it."

Rarity made some tea and they sat at the table. Rarity put a towel on Fluttershy's chair for her to sit on.

Fluttershy sat in her wet shorts for the entire tea party, but she didn't mind, she was having a fun time with Rarity.

After several cups of tea, a sudden urge hit Fluttershy. "Um... Rarity... I..."

"Yes, darling?"

"I... I have to go to the bathroom."

"Well, you know where it is. I'll be waiting for you."

Fluttershy ran to the bathroom. Only once the door closed did Rarity realize she needed to pee rather badly as well. She ran over to the bathroom, holding herself and waiting for Fluttershy to finish. She could hear the sound of pee splashing into the toilet, and this made her more uncomfortable. After a few seconds it even caused her to leak a little, dampening her shorts. She whimpered and pee danced more.

Then there was a flush, and Fluttershy walked out of the bathroom looking relieved. Rarity immediately ran inside. Fluttershy could hear a sigh of relief and pee splashing into the toilet, then a flush, and then Rarity walked outside.

"I'm so sorry I took so long," said Fluttershy. She noticed the damp spot on Rarity's shorts and blushed a little.

"It's all right," said Rarity. "And I don't mind getting a little wet when it's just us, especially with the state you're in. Besides, these are the same shorts I wet all the way at camp."

Fluttershy didn't feel bad anymore. They sat on the couch and watched My Little Pony (G1), both sitting on towels with garbage bags underneath, even though Rarity wasn't that wet.

After a few episodes, Fluttershy said "I need a spanking for wetting myself, and making you leak a little."

"Oh, that won't be necessary."

"Pretty please?"

Rarity realized Fluttershy wanted this. "All right. How hard would you like it?"

"Not too hard, but hard enough so it makes a sound. Wait, should I put a towel between us first? I don't want to..."

Rarity stopped her and put her over her knee, not caring that a bit of her pee was getting on her. She raised her arm and slapped Fluttershy's butt, not too hard, but not too light either. "Was that all right?"

"Perfect. Do it again until I tell you to stop."

Rarity continued to spank Fluttershy. The expressions on her face and the sounds she made showed how much she was enjoying it.

It was only after about 30 swats that Fluttershy said "All right, that's enough."

"You really enjoyed that, didn't you?"

Fluttershy blushed a little as she sat back down, which wasn't hard because her rear end barely hurt. "I don't know why, I've just... always wanted someone to do that to me ever since Pinkie Pie slapped my tushie that one time."

"Oh, I rather enjoyed that as well. You do have the cutest butt."

"Why thank you." Fluttershy blushed a little, but not out of embarrassment this time.

Soon, the rest of the tea they had drank had gone through them. Fluttershy and Rarity were fidgeting a bit, and in minutes, were fidgeting harder.

"Do you need to use the bathroom, Fluttershy?" said Rarity.

"Yes," said Fluttershy.

Rarity paused the show. "Go ahead."

"But you look like you have to go too."

"I can hold it."

"What if you can't? I don't want you to wet yourself on my account."

"I'm already damp, and I really don't mind if I have an accident now. Besides, I protected the couch. I could just go right here."

"No, you use the bathroom first. I'm already wet, so another accident won't make a difference."

"I insist."

"No, I insist."

Rarity let go and started to pee in her shorts, even though she knew she'd have been able to hold it for at least a bit longer. "It's too late for me. You'd better get to the bathroom before you wet yourself again."

"Oh, Rarity..."

"I don't mind, really. As a matter of fact, it does feel rather nice." She wasn't kidding, she did like the warm feeling, now that she didn't have to be embarrassed about it. Her crotch and butt were becoming soaked. The towel absorbed the wetness, and the garbage bag protected the couch.

"If it feels so good, then I don't see why I have to hold it." Fluttershy relaxed and also began peeing, re-wetting her shorts, and sighing of relief. Rarity was right, this felt much nicer than last time.

"Fluttershy, darling, you didn't have to do that."

"But I wanted to."

Rarity gave her a hug, both of them still peeing. Once they were both finished, Rarity resumed the show.

From here, they'd leave the couch only to get something to eat or something to drink. If they needed to pee, they went in their shorts and liked it. At one point, Sunset sent Rarity a text asking how Fluttershy was doing. Rarity responded that she was doing much better, and Sunset replied that was good to hear, and that Twilight, Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, and Applejack still liked her as well, and that Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie swore not to make fun of her. Of course, Rarity didn't mention to Sunset that she and Fluttershy were deliberately using their shorts as a toilet tonight.

At about 11:00, they decided to go to sleep. Rarity got an old mattress that Pinkie had peed on once after drinking too much cider, and they slept on it in their wet state.

When they woke up, they took their morning pee in their shorts, wetting the already-stained mattress, giggling and enjoying the feeling, before they showered themselves and their outfits off, and Rarity walked Fluttershy home, telling anyone who walked by them they'd played in a sprinkler. Of course, they both changed into dry outfits once they got back home.

And on Monday, Sunset got Principal Celestia to tell the school that some prankster had rigged Fluttershy's costume with something to simulate wetting, and that they had gotten detention for it. So no one made fun of Fluttershy.

*002*2019-03-13 00:20

{{15 minutes ago, Ajax7408 said:

Fluttershy seems most likely to wet herself or wear diapers in Equestria Girls. We need more art of it

}}

I've seen several pictures in a sort of "Piddleshy" story where she wets herself often, showing several pictures of her peeing her skirt or panties. You can find them on derpibooru. Also seen a picture of her wearing diapers to bed but her diapers leaked, wetting her pajama pants completely.

*005*2019-03-13 05:37

{{5 hours ago, Ajax7408 said:

Do you mean "AskPiddleshy"? I don't remember the diaper leaking in bed picture

}}

Yes, that was it. Except the diaper leaking in bed, that was just derpibooru as far as I know.

$$

*007*2019-03-13 20:37

@Ajax7408

Yes it is

