Equestria Girls Holding Contest

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-09-16 00:48

Here is an omorashi fanfic I wrote on fimfiction.net about the Equestria Girls having a holding contest. Apparently it was good enough for someone without the fetish to enjoy it, which is rare.

Equestria Girls Holding Contest

Rainbow Dash and Applejack were playing a game of 1 on 1 soccer at a big field in the middle of nowhere. They had walked all the way here, and drank lots of water in-between games. Rainbow Dash won most of them. Rainbow Dash was wearing her usual outfit, which included skintight black shorts under a dark pink miniskirt, and Applejack was wearing a dirty pair of jean shorts.

After several hours, they both felt they needed to pee really badly, and ran toward the nearest outhouse. Rainbow Dash got there first, but to her dismay it was locked.

They ran as fast as they could to the city, desperate to avoid wetting themselves.

Finally, they reached the city. Applejack ran towards a fast food restaurant while Rainbow Dash ran to a gas station...

They met up at the point where they had split up, both feeling immensely relieved, and their shorts damp only with sweat.

"Ah made it," said Applejack. "You?"

"Do you even need to ask?" said Rainbow Dash. "I could've held it for another hour if I had to!"

"You were just as desperate as ah was."

"I still could've held it longer!"

"Ah bet ah could hold it longer than you!"

"Then why don't you prove it? Let's have a holding contest!"

"You're on!"

...

Rainbow Dash and Applejack wanted to do their holding contest right away, but they'd already been invited to breakfast at Pinkie Pie's house, and didn't want to disappoint her.

The girls casually talked for a while, and then...

"So, what are you doing today?" said Pinkie Pie.

"Applejack and I are having a holding contest to see who can hold it the longest!" said Rainbow Dash.

"Rainbow!" said Applejack.

"Oooh!" said Pinkie. "Sounds like fun! Can I enter the contest?"

"Sure," said Rainbow. "But don't expect to win."

"I..." Sunset Shimmer blushed a little. "I've been in a few situations where I thought I was going to wet myself but I held it longer than I thought I could. This would be a great chance to test my limits."

"I was thinking the same thing," said Twilight Sparkle.

"Wow, so we're talking a five-way contest here!" said Rainbow Dash, who was looking forward to this more. She looked in Rarity's direction.

"Heavens, no!" said Rarity. "You can do this unladylike contest if you want, but I won't."

"That's too bad," said Rainbow Dash. "Because if you did, win or lose, I'd pose in as many outfits as you wanted for your fashion show!"

"Me too," said Applejack.

"Well..." Rarity really wanted them to do this, and chuckled at the thought of them wearing some of her most frou frou outfits. "All right. If you promise to wear ANY outfit I give you for the fashion show."

"What about you, Fluttershy?" said Rainbow Dash.

"I... um... no thanks."

"All the rest of us are competing, so there'll be no shame if you don't win," said Applejack.

"Well... all right, I'll do it." What have I gotten myself into?

"We're gonna need a lot more drinks than the cider I've got," said Applejack.

"No problem!" said Pinkie Pie. "I'll go get lots of bottles of soda!"

"And, we can drink water when we run out," said Twilight.

"Let's meet up in my backyard!" said Rainbow Dash.

...

By 9:00 AM, all seven girls were in Rainbow Dash's backyard.

Applejack was wearing her jean shorts, and had hauled two barrels of cider over with her super strength.

Rainbow Dash was wearing her usual black compression shorts under her pink miniskirt.

Sunset was wearing jeans.

Twilight was wearing short, fairly tight purple shorts.

Pinkie Pie was wearing jean shorts that were shorter and tighter than her camping outfit.

Fluttershy was wearing her usual green miniskirt.

Rarity had been wearing her usual purple skirt earlier, but she had brought a dirty pair of shorts and panties from yesterday and changed into them inside Applejack's bathroom, not wanting to risk wetting the skirt she was wearing today, and made Rainbow Dash promise she could shower if she lost. The shorts were purple, short, and skintight, and were in the basket of dirty laundry because she had worn them several days in a row, the last few of which were really hot, so they smelled of sweat.

"Well, in that case, let the holding contest begin!" said Rainbow Dash. "First, we'll each drink 10 cups of cider! Then, every 20 minutes, we'll drink more! If we run out, we'll drink soda, and if we run out of that, water!"

They each poured their glasses of cider and drank them. They drank another cup every 20 minutes.

Two hours in, all seven girls needed to go, and were fidgeting.

"All right, we can stop drinkin' now," said Applejack, who wasn't quite as desperate as yesterday but she was uncomfortable.

Sunset had also been more desperate than now on a few occasions, so she knew she could hold it longer.

Twilight, Fluttershy, and Rarity would usually take whatever measures they could to avoid getting into a situation where they were likely to have an accident, so they weren't sure how long they could hold it for. They usually would have gone at this point already.

Rainbow wanted to look like she wasn't having too much trouble, so she wasn't holding herself yet, although she was fidgeting slightly, and the others could tell she needed to pee as much as they did.

"I gotta go pee!" said Pinkie, stating the obvious, and dancing a little more than she should have been at this stage, because she thought it was fun.

Another hour went by, during which the girls got even more desperate. At the end of this hour, Applejack had them each drink one more cup of cider.

For most of the girls, they had never been so desperate. Especially since they had drank so much.

Sunset and Twilight were very interested in how long they had held it for. This was about as desperate as Sunset had ever been, and she was holding herself and crossing her legs, fidgeting slightly to avoid wetting herself. Twilight was fidgeting harder, for she hadn't reached this point yet in her life, and although she had agreed to enter, she was a little nervous at the prospect of wetting herself in front of all her friends. She tried to remind herself that five of them would do the same.

Fluttershy and Rarity were trying to hide signs of desperation, but not doing it very well. They were occasionally holding themselves and squirming. It would be so humiliating for both of them to lose this contest and they really wanted to win. But they weren't sure if they could.

"How you doin', Rainbow?" said Applejack, who had barely been more desperate than this.

"I could hold it another five hours!" said Rainbow Dash. She raised both her hands at her sides, until a jolt from her bladder caused her to put one hand to her crotch. Applejack chuckled a bit, but stopped as she remembered her own need to pee.

Over the next hour, the girls became more desperate, and fidgeted harder. This was farther than Sunset had ever gotten. Even Rainbow Dash and Applejack had never reached this level of desperation before. It seemed they had plenty of time to spare yesterday.

"Ooooh, I need to go pee REALLY bad!" said Pinkie, doing an even bigger pee dance and holding herself with both hands.

This didn't help Fluttershy. She needed to pee so badly - they all did - and it briefly crossed her mind how embarrassing it would be to wet herself, or at least be the first to do so. She let out a squeak as this moment caused her to leak a little into her pink panties, but she managed to hold the rest of it in, and it didn't show up on her skirt. She still blushed a little, but no one noticed.

"Almost lost it there, Fluttershy?" Rainbow Dash teased.

Twilight was very nervous now. She wasn't sure she could hold it. She had never wet herself as long as she could remember, and she was sure she was about to do it now in front of everyone.

She leaked a little, dampening her shorts. She became more nervous at this. She had just peed a little. Her heart racing, she put both hands on her crotch and tried to hold it in, but the one leak made it harder. Two longer leaks came next, and then, she lost control.

Her shorts went from damp to soaking wet, and pee flowed through her hands and down her legs. She blushed beet red. Not only did she wet herself all the way, but she was the first to lose the contest.

Pinkie Pie giggled, then immediately held herself and crossed her legs, as she leaked a little into her underwear.

Fluttershy also leaked slightly at the sight of Twilight peeing.

"One down," said Rainbow Dash.

Once Twilight was done peeing, she sat down, feeling embarrassed but relieved.

Another half hour went by, and none of the six girls got any wetter.

"Four and a half hours," said Rainbow Dash. "Let's shake things up a bit and make it more challenging."

Fluttershy whimpered.

"How 'bout, we all do 15 situps?" said Applejack. "Twi, would you mind checkin' to see if someone else loses the contest?"

"You can count on me," said Twilight, who was feeling much better by now, even though her shorts were still wet.

Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Sunset, Fluttershy, Pinkie Pie, and Rarity laid down with their knees bent upward, and began doing situps. This put more pressure on their bladders, and Rarity leaked a bit, dampening her shorts slightly.

On the tenth situp, Pinkie let out a squeal as she started to pee uncontrollably. She remained in a sitting position and sighed in relief as she soaked her jean shorts. The other five girls were still doing situps, but they could hear the hissing sound along with Pinkie's sigh so they didn't even need Twilight to tell them she was out.

Pinkie finished peeing after her five opponents had stood up. She giggled at her accident, and then pulled a big bottle of soda out of the cooler she had brought and began chugging it down.

"What are you doing?" said Rainbow Dash.

Pinkie stopped drinking. "That was so fun I wanna do it again!"

"You do realize that it won't count," said Applejack. "You already lost, so even if you outlast us, you can't win cause you're out."

"I know," said Pinkie cheerfully, and she resumed drinking the soda, and then drank another one, looking forward to unofficially re-entering the contest.

Twilight giggled a bit, feeling more comfortable now that someone else had wet herself and wanted to do it again.

Another half hour went by. The girls started squirming harder. Fluttershy and Rarity didn't know how much longer they could hold it, but they felt a bit better knowing they wouldn't be the first out if they did lost. Rainbow Dash and Applejack were trying not to fidget as hard, but their desperation was very clear at this point. Sunset was fidgeting harder than Rarity and Fluttershy. Her jeans were the tightest pair she owned, which put more pressure on her.

By the end of this half hour, Pinkie had to pee again, about half as badly as the others.

"All right," said Rainbow Dash. "Time for another challenge! Twilight, see that hose over there? Take the nozzle off, hang it over the soccer net, and turn the hose on.

Pinkie giggled while Fluttershy, Rarity, Sunset, and even Applejack looked very nervous at this.

Twilight did as she was told. Once the hose was on, water began running out of it and to the grass below the net. The girls tried not to look at the running water, but the sound was impossible to ignore.

Rainbow Dash and Applejack almost lost it, but barely managed to keep their shorts dry.

Rarity leaked for five seconds, wetting the front of her shorts. She blushed, but as she hadn't wet herself completely she was still in the game.

Sunset leaked for about three seconds, dampening the front of her jeans.

Fluttershy leaked for six seconds, and then came another leak she couldn't stop. She blushed beet red as she peed in her dress, soaking her pink panties and wetting the entire front of her green skirt. The pee rushed down her legs, which would have felt wonderful if the situation hadn't been so humiliating.

"Don't feel bad, Fluttershy," said Twilight, putting her arm around her while she was still peeing. "You held it as long as you could, and you were able to hold it longer than me or Pinkie Pie."

Fluttershy felt a little better at these words, and finished wetting herself, even enjoying the relief a little.

"Only four of us left," said Applejack.

Another hour went by with the water still running. Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Sunset, Rarity, and even Pinkie Pie felt they needed to pee even more, and fidgeted harder. They could feel waves of pee sloshing inside them, and their bladders were trembling, as were Sunset and Rarity, finding it harder to hold it in with the sound of running water.

Every so often, all four of them would leak, sometimes for as long as five seconds. So would Pinkie Pie.

At this point, Twilight needed to pee again, as the rest of the cider she had drank had caught up to her. So, she let it all out where she sat, re-wetting her shorts. They were already damp and smelly, so why not?

Near the end of the hour, the leaks became more frequent and slightly longer, though they still each avoided a full-blown accident. Their legs were mostly dry, but there were big wet spots on their shorts and jeans.

Because Pinkie had already held to bursting point earlier that day, her holding muscles had weakened, so she was having just as hard a time holding it as the four who were still in the game.

At the end of this hour, Rainbow leaked again. She and the other four felt like they were about to burst, and knew the contest would end soon.

"Time for something a little different," said Rainbow Dash. "Let's all pee as hard as we can for five seconds! If any of us can stop, we drink five more cans of cider, or soda, if we run out. If you can't stop, you're out!"

"What if we all can't stop?" said Applejack.

"Then we do another contest next week!"

"I'm not sure I can do this," said Rarity.

"You're already pretty wet, so the damage has already been done. Think of the relief."

Rarity was sure she couldn't hold it much longer, so she nodded her head.

"I'll keep an eye out for someone wetting herself all the way," said Twilight.

"Ready?" said Rainbow Dash.

Rarity crossed her legs. Sunset squatted down to avoid getting the legs of her jeans wet. Rainbow and Applejack spread their legs slightly. Pinkie Pie looked really excited.

"1... 2... 3!"

Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Sunset, Rarity, and Pinkie peed like a race horse, further soaking themselves. They had to admit, it did feel pretty good.

After five seconds, Rainbow and Applejack stopped. Their shorts and legs were very wet now but they didn't mind.

Sunset was still a little shocked that she had intentionally peed in her jeans, but she was able to stop as well. The crotch and butt of her jeans was soaked, but her legs remained dry.

Pinkie peed for a little longer, and stopped after an extra five seconds. What did it matter if she peed for longer? She wasn't officially competing, she was just holding again for fun. Her shorts were soaking wet again, and her panties were drenched.

Rarity tried to stop peeing, but she couldn't. She whimpered as she flooded her skintight purple shorts, and the pee flowed down her legs. She blushed profusely, feeling a little disgusted that she was peeing herself, but secretly enjoying the relief and the warm wetness, against her will. She could not believe she was actually taking a bit of pleasure in something so unladylike, and slapped her butt for feeling this way, then giggled nervously, realizing that she had just spanked herself for no reason the other girls would be aware of, and not wanting them to know why.

Pinkie, however, did. "See? It's actually pretty fun!"

"Now it's just me, Applejack, and Sunset!" said Rainbow Dash.

Sunset was feeling less desperate, but she still needed to pee pretty badly. As she drank her cider, she was not looking forward to the final round. She was sure these two athletes would outlast her.

Another half hour went by, and Rainbow Dash, Applejack, and Sunset became more desperate. The wetness on their shorts (in Sunset's case, jeans) made them think more about how much they needed to pee, plus the water was still running. But there were no more leaks for a while.

Near the end of the half hour, Pinkie Pie couldn't hold it anymore, and peed again. She giggled the entire time, and the sight of her peeing made the three competing girls more uncomfortable. When she was finished, her shorts were even wetter than before. She considered holding a third time, but she didn't think Rainbow, Applejack, and Sunset would be able to hold it for much longer, so, reluctantly, she sat beside Twilight, Fluttershy, and Rarity.

Another half hour later, Fluttershy needed to pee again, so she crossed her legs, looking uncomfortable.

"Um... Excuse me, but I have to to the bathroom. Again, I mean."

"Just pee right here!" said Pinkie. "There's nothing to be ashamed of! You're already wet, anyway!"

Fluttershy hesitated, and then peed in her dress again, blushing but giggling lightly. She was sitting next to Rarity so her puddle on the grass reached Rarity's butt. Rarity didn't say anything, for her shorts were already soaked, plus she did secretly like it.

Sunset, Rainbow, and Applejack didn't notice, for they were extremely desperate, close to the level they had been at before they peed for five seconds, and their holding muscles were a little more tired now.

"Challenge time!" said Applejack, with both hands on her crotch and her legs crossed. "Spread your legs for 30 seconds!"

"Are you kidding?" said Sunset, leaking a little.

"Sounds good to me!" said Rainbow Dash.

All three girls spread their legs apart, making it even harder to hold. Rainbow leaked for five seconds, but stopped. Sunset leaked for two seconds, and barely managed to stop it. Applejack leaked for four seconds, but was able to keep holding it.

Then, Sunset started to pee full force. She desperately tried to stop it, but couldn't. This position was too much for her. She blushed and sighed as the pee soaked the legs of her jeans, while a stream started to pass through her jeans between her legs, given the position she was standing in. She couldn't believe she was wetting her pants all the way, but the relief felt amazing.

"Well, looks like it's back down to the two of us!" said Rainbow Dash once the 30 seconds were up and they could resume a standard standing position.

"I'm still gonna beat you!" said Applejack.

"Dream on!" said Rainbow Dash. She leaked a little and whimpered.

Sunset finished peeing and sat beside the other girls who had lost.

"Don't feel bad, Sunny," said Fluttershy. "Third place is kind of good."

As the time went by, Rainbow Dash and Applejack held themselves and fidgeted harder, unable to hide any signs of desperation anymore. They both leaked in their shorts often, but still neither wet herself all the way yet.

By now Rarity needed to pee again. She made sure Fluttershy and Sunset, who were sitting on either side of her, weren't looking in her direction, and let it all out in her already-wet shorts. Wishing she didn't enjoy this so much. Sunset felt Rarity's puddle under her rear, but said nothing.

Half an hour went by, which became a full hour. By now Rainbow Dash and Applejack were dribbling every ten seconds, and neither felt like coming up with any new challenges.

Then, one of the athletic tomboyish girls couldn't hold it anymore.

"No..."

Applejack was unable to stop peeing. Pee flowed down her legs in torrents as her jean shorts got even wetter. Realizing she had lost, she stopped trying to hold it and started to pee harder, deciding she might as well be a good sport and enjoy the relief.

Rainbow Dash saw Applejack wetting herself uncontrollably and knew it was over.

"Yeah! I win!"

Rainbow still needed to go REALLY badly. She was about to burst. So, she unabashedly let it all out, completely soaking her skintight shorts and forming a big wet spot on the front of her skirt. Waterfalls of pee gushed down her legs, soaking them in seconds. She sighed in immense relief and satisfaction. She had won a seven-way holding contest, held it for longer than she ever thought she could, and was greatly enjoying the warm release.

They peed for about two minutes, Applejack stopping moments before Rainbow Dash, as long as it had taken Rainbow to start peeing after Applejack.

"That was really fun!" said Pinkie.

"I don't think so," said Rarity, blushing. "But remember our deal. You both have to try on ANY outfits I pick for the fashion show!"

"A deal's a deal," said Applejack.

"Whatever you choose is worth it," said Rainbow Dash.

The girls were all very wet and smelled of urine, but they shared a collective laugh and then sprayed each other with the hose, before Rarity took a long shower and changed back into her skirt. Her shirt was still wet, but only with water, so she didn't mind too much.

"You up for a rematch?" said Applejack.

"Next week," said Rainbow Dash.

"Me too!" said Pinkie.

None of the other girls wanted to do a second holding contest, so Rainbow Dash and Applejack never asked them to.

The End

*002*2017-09-17 07:26

I'm glad you enjoyed it, cause it'll probably be the last one I write

*006*2018-09-22 22:08

{{52 minutes ago, desperatewet said:

Also, compression shorts are fun to pee in.

One question, though. As a runner, I am curious about the distance from the park to the city. Its okay not to answer if you never thought about it, or you could just think about it now and answer. But don't worry about it if you don't want to. Its an irrelevant detail, just one my brain thought about.

}}

Yes, they are. One of the reasons I use them so much in my stories.

I'll say it's about 15 minutes in driving distance.

*010*2018-12-17 18:19

Wow, it suddenly became popular. Not a whole lot of upvotes but it's something at least

*012*2019-05-23 03:21

@wishfulomo0572

Thanks for the positive review. And it should have said "They wanted to do their holding contest right away the next day", and the beginning of the story takes place late at night. I should probably have specified that.

*014*2019-05-23 16:42

Well, keep making posts like this and soon your ranking will go up a notch and your newbie restrictions will be lifted. But thank you for liking it despite that, not a lot of people do, even among those with the fetish.

