Rainbow Dash's Swimsuit Desperation

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-02-19 00:58

I think I am getting some of my confidence back, but only for here. Here's another Rainbow Dash story, Equestria Girls.

Rainbow Dash's Swimsuit Desperation

It was a hot summer day. At 1:00, the girls were planning to meet up and go to the swimming pool. Twilight Sparkle could have driven them, but they preferred to walk today.

In the morning, Rainbow Dash was running around a racetrack at top speed for exercise. Half an hour in she was completely soaked with sweat, even her hair and her pink skirt that she wore over her skintight shorts as usual. So she drank lots of water and cider that she brought with her.

When she was done, she ran home and had a light lunch, as well as drinking three whole bottles of soda and seven glasses of water.

She was cooled down now by the end of it. It was almost 1:00, so she changed into her swimsuit, a rainbow midriff tank top and short, pink swim shorts, and ran to Canterlot High to meet her friends.

Once all the girls were there, they started walking towards the pool.

"Where's your change of clothes, Rainbow Dash?" said Twilight.

"I didn't bring one. When we walk back, the sun will probably dry me off anyway."

"Same here," said Pinkie Pie, who, instead of wearing her bodysuit that she usually used as a swimsuit, was wearing a white and pink T-shirt and jean shorts. But no one ever questioned her, for there were much weirder things she liked to do.

They were halfway to the pool when Rainbow Dash had to pee. All she had drank was now going through her, but she didn't tell the other girls. She secretly loved peeing in the pool and was afraid Rarity, Twilight, and Sunset Shimmer would be disgusted by it. So, she wanted to hold it until then and not use the bathroom until she reached the pool.

As they walked the second half of the trip there, Rainbow felt her need to pee increase fast. Three quarters of ther way there she could feel an intense urge to pee, but she knew she could hold it. She'd been at this level of desperation before.

After an uncomfortable walk - to which she was more excited than nervous about releasing her bladder in the pool - they saw a note on the door to the pool.

CLOSED DUE TO TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES

"Oh come on!" said Rainbow Dash, holding herself for a second and then withdrawing her hand to hide her desperation.

"We can still go swimming at the beach," said Sunset.

"Yeah, beach is fun!" said Pinkie Pie.

"And there's bathrooms there so we can change into our swimsuits," said Twilight.

The beach was on the opposite side of town. As they walked, Rainbow Dash could feel her bladder get more full every minute, as if a fountain was pouring a steady stream into it. She had drank a lot and she knew it hadn't all gone through her yet. She wished she had brought her geode so she could race to the beach and pee in the water, then return to the girls soaking wet with nothing but water, probably to dry off before they all arrived.

Rainbow let out a groan as the pressure intensified. She knew the way to the beach so she ran ahead of the other girls, holding herself with one hand to avoid wetting her swimsuit before going into the water.

"What was that, Rainbow Dash?" said Sunset.

"I'm just real excited about going swimming," said Rainbow. With her in front of everyone else, and her back turned to them, no one could see where her right hand was.

As they walked by a convenience store, Twilight said "Stop! We're real thirsty, and we could use a drink."

Rainbow had to agree to this. She was very thirsty despite all she had drank.

Twilight bought them all a large slushy, which Rainbow drank very fast, getting a brain freeze, but it didn't bother her as much as how badly she needed to pee. Though she was very refreshed and cooled down a bit, she knew her desperation would only increase from her latest drink.

There were several places they walked by with bathrooms in them, and Rainbow considered stopping to use those bathrooms. But, she wanted to pee in the water. She loved how it suddenly made the water warmer around her, and thought it was kind of funny for Rarity to swim around in it. But she didn't want to humiliate herself by wetting her shorts out of the water, in front of all her friends.

After a half-hour walk which felt like hours to Rainbow Dash, the beach finally came into view. Rainbow wasted no time in running toward the water, feeling the pee sloshing around in her as she did.

She stopped as she saw the beach roped off. A man was there watching the ocean.

"Why is the beach closed down?" said Rainbow, holding herself with both hands.

"Someone saw three sharks in the water," said the man. "Once they catch them, then the beach reopens." He noticed how desperate Rainbow was. "But you can still use the bathrooms."

Rainbow ran back to the other girls.

"There's sharks in the water so we gotta swim somewhere else." She considered using the bathroom now, since it didn't seem like they could swim today.

"How about that pond at the park?" said Fluttershy. "It's always fun to swim there."

"And they've got outhouses so we can change," said Applejack.

"Sounds good," said Twilight. "Let's go."

(AN: A lot of those have "No swimming" signs, but in this story, they don't, and are perfectly safe)

As soon as they left, the man caught a glimpse of three shark fins, so he hopped in a boat and caught them in a net - only to find that it was Adagio Dazzle, Aria Blaze, and Sonata Dusk, with diving masks, grey wetsuits, and rubber shark fins attached to their backs.

The trip from the beach to the pond was slightly longer than the trip from Canterlot High to the swimming pool. Rainbow Dash really needed to go, the throbbing in her bladder getting more intense by the minute. She was now holding herself with both hands and sweating a bit more than the other girls.

"You all right there, Rainbow Dash?" said Applejack.

"I'm fine," said Rainbow nervously.

"If you gotta go to the bathroom, just say so. There's several along the way. We can wait a little longer."

Rainbow blushed a little. "Don't tell the other girls this, except maybe Pinkie Pie, but I want to wait until we get to the pond so I can pee in the water."

"You look like you might not make it till then," said Applejack. "And between you and me, ah like to pee in the water too. So does Pinkie Pie."

That didn't surprise her. "I just don't think Rarity, Twilight, or Sunset will like that very much." She moaned as she leaked a little into her swim shorts.

"Don't worry, I'll be quiet."

By the time they reached the park, Rainbow Dash felt like she was about to burst. To her relief, the pond was not closed off.

"Yes!" said Rainbow, taking her hands off her crotch (revealing a small damp spot) and raising her fist in the air.

Another jolt from her bladder reminded her of how badly she needed to pee, and she was about to run and jump into the pond.

"Me first!" said Pinkie, running in front of her. "Cannonball!" She jumped into the water, making a big splash.

The splash was too much for Rainbow. Before she could get moving, a soft hissing noise could be heard and Rainbow's pink shorts grew wetter and wetter.

"Um... Rainbow Dash?" said Fluttershy timidly.

Rainbow stood there, blushing beet red as she soaked her swim shorts. Rivers of pee flowed down her legs and formed a big puddle on the concrete path where she stood. A part of her liked the relief and the warm wetness, but the shame of wetting herself in front of all her friends kept her from enjoying it.

"Oh no... Rainbow Dash..." said Twilight.

"You should've gone at the beach, sugarcube," said Applejack, who still felt bad for Rainbow.

"Come on in, the water's great!" said Pinkie. She looked at the other girls and saw Rainbow using her swim shorts as a toilet. "Oh... Quick, Dashie! Get into the water!"

Rainbow was too embarrassed to move. She peed for just over three minutes, and then stood there in her pee-soaked shorts. Her beautiful legs glistened with pee.

"Oh, don't feel ashamed, darling," said Rarity, patting Rainbow on the back. "We still love you, and you're going to get wet anyway."

"You don't want me swimming with you after I wet myself," said Rainbow, trying hard not to sniffle.

"Don't ever tell anybody else this, but, usually when I go for a swim, I pee in the water," said Rarity.

"So do I," said Sunset.

"Me too," said Twilight.

"Um... so do I," said Fluttershy quietly.

Rainbow felt a lot better at this, even though she knew it was different from peeing herself out of the water. "I'd give you a hug, but I don't want to get pee all over you before you change into your swimsuits." Rainbow felt how wet her shorts were. "I really needed to go, didn't I?" she added, trying to make light of her accident.

She jumped into the water and swam around with Pinkie Pie as the other girls changed at the outhouse one by one and joined them. All of them peed in the water, even Rainbow, because the rest of the pee went through her very quickly. They each sighed in relief as they did so, and Rainbow and Pinkie had to stifle some chuckles when it was Rarity's turn.

*003*2018-02-19 03:02

Oh and in case anyone was wondering this time when I said bodysuit (referring to the lack thereof) I meant it, not jumpsuit. In all previous stories I meant jumpsuit.

