Kate's school wetting

Author: thewettingwatc

*000*2016-07-03 20:59

It was Kate's first day at high school and already it was off to a bad start. She had slept in and was most likely going to be late. She jumped out of bed, threw her clothes on, forgot to go to the bathroom and get breakfast as she ran out of the door.

As she managed to save time on the lack of bathroom breaks and her food she managed to get to school just on time. The teacher looked strict so she is so glad she didn't arrive late. One of her other classmates did, he yelled so much that the student cried. But Kate managed to sit down at the back of the class and remain invisible to her new teacher, just like she had every other year.

Kate always had this sort of routine before bed so she would drink quite a lot before it so she can be nice and hydrated as she slept. But in the morning she normally woke up with a avid swollen bladder which caused havoc on her urethra. Sometimes she would wake up after wetting the bed as she couldn't hold that much in anymore. But this morning her mind was too distracted by school that she didn't notice how strong the pressure was on her poor bladder.

She relaxed into the lesson, making notes on what the angry looking teacher was saying when she started feeling the weight on what she had missed this morning. As Kate was wearing tight jeans it was pressing down and containing her swollen bladder but caused her sphincter muscles to clench harder then they should to stop herself embarrassing herself in front of her new teacher.

She squirmed in her seat, trying to find a comfortable position in which the pressure was easier on her. Her legs were tightly clenched together so even if she leaked it might be hidden. But no matter how much she squirmed, how much she clenched she was only making the warm yellow liquid in her bladder slosh around. Making her grip her crotch just to hold it in.

She would raise her hand like a few of her classmates had done and ask to go use the restroom to finally have that release, but Kate, Kate thought that it was embarrassing admitting your desperate 'un-woman like needs'' so she held it. causing her bladder to start to spasm.

The lesson was dragging, time seemingly slowing down when Kate's bladder was pumping more and more liquids into her bladder. She was loosing it, her muscles weakening the more time she held till she leaked a little in her panties.

'oh no, no no no no no. gotta hold it gotta hold it but ooooh i really need to pee' she thought. she was hoping that the bell would go soon so she could release in peace. She didn't even think she could stand to even go to the bathroom to pee. She started to sweat, her bladder screaming, demanding to let it all go but she ignored it.

She felt a tap on her shoulder, an old face that she had known since pre-school. He was kind of cute so she didn't want him to see her in this desperate state. "Here, you look like you need it" he says, his name was Chase. He reaches out his hand and passes Kate a bottle of water. She gripped her crotch even more but accepted the kind offer and chugged the water down.

10 minutes till she could leave this dull classroom. 10 minutes until she could pee. 10 minutes until she could see if she could stand without wetting.

Kate could feel the water she had chugged enter her bladder. Pumping more and more fluids into it. She leaked more into her panties but this time it took a lot more clenching to stop. She felt it through her jeans, her face flushed with embarrassment. She slid her hands into her panties and squirmed more, not caring who saw anymore. She gripped and squeezed hard. Doing anything she could to stop herself at that point. She could swear everyone was watching, she knew Chase was.

Suddenly the bell went. It was a shock to Kate as she had put all of her concentration into her bladder. But it came as such a shock that she jumped up. Un-clenching her sphincter muscles and before she could stop the flood it was too late. Warm hot flowing piss shot out of her. The dark stain on her jeans growing and growing until Kate could feel the pee in her converse. She couldn't deny how good it felt to finally finally release her pee to the point she thought she was getting turned on by the feeling. She peed for a good 3 minutes before her stream started to slow down. Her hand was still on her pussy. But nothing was going to stop the stream. She lent her head back and sighed in relief. Not caring if anyone saw her now. She liked the feeling so much she made a decision, she would never use the bathroom again.

