Final Fantasy Bedwetting

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-04-11 03:51

For how they cross over, don't think about it too hard since this is mainly about the wetting. Also, just to be safe, I'll age Selphie up a year. The others, I don't have to.

Final Fantasy Bedwetting

Lightning Farron was at her first sleepover with her new friends from other worlds: Tifa Lockhart, Terra Branford, and Selphie Tilmitt. Lightning wore hot pink pajama pants with lightning bolts, and a matching pajama shirt. Terra wore fluffy white pajama pants and a red pajama shirt. Tifa wore blue tight-fitting shorts and a matching crop top. Selphie wore yellow onesie pajamas.

After telling ghost stories and having a pillow fight, they eventually climbed into their sleeping bags and fell asleep.

Lightning dreamed that she was fighting Barthandelus in a thunderstorm. Not only was there a lot of thunder and lightning, but it was raining hard, a total downpour. Lightning used this to her advantage and used her strongest lightning magic on Barthandelus. As Barthandelus used Thanatosian Laughter and knocked her on her rear end, she had to go to the bathroom. Badly. Well, she was already soaking wet from the lightning, and she couldn't exactly pause her fight with the fal'Cie, so she peed as she was fighting. After what seemed like hours, she finally defeated Barthandelus.

Lightning woke up. It took her a few seconds to realize that this fight was a dream. How could it have been real? She had already defeated Barthandelus, and been turned human again, so she was no longer a l'Cie. She often dreamed about fighting enemies in a thunderstorm. Manasvin Warmech, Aster Protoflorian, Ushumgal Subjugator, Dahaka, Bandersnatch and Jabberwocky, and the storm was most intense when re-enacting her battle with Odin.

And usually after waking up from these dreams... Lightning felt her pajama pants. They were wet. Lightning sighed in dismay. She was used to wetting the bed, it was little more than a slight unpleasantness to her, especially after the whole l'Cie thing, but she was a bit embarrassed about doing so on her first sleepover.

"Good morning, Light," said Tifa.

"Morning, Tifa," said Lightning, sitting up.

Selphie sniffed. "What's that smell?"

"I wet the bed." Lightning blushed lightly, keeping as much dignity as she could.

Tifa, Selphie, and Terra giggled. At first Lightning thought they were making fun of her, and was ready to counter any teasing they might give her.

"Aw, how cute!" said Terra.

"Cute?" Lightning blushed a little more. She had never thought of it this way. "You think me wetting the bed is cute?"

"Absolutely," said Tifa.

"We think it's really adorable!" said Selphie.

"We've never witnessed it in person before," said Terra, "but there's just something so cute about it, especially coming from you."

"I guess it's not so bad after all," said Lightning. She was starting to see a bright side to her bedwetting problem.

"So, do any dreams in particular make you pee your PJ's?" said Selphie.

"Always fighting past enemies in a storm," said Lightning. "There is usually intense lightning and it is always raining hard. They always make me have to pee."

"So you think, you're already wet and you can't stop fighting the enemy, so you just go right there?" said Terra.

"Every time," said Lightning.

"Sometimes I dream I'm going for a swim, but that never happens to me," said Tifa.

Lightning giggled softly at the thought, and got out of her sleeping bag. The others got a nice view of her wet pajamas and giggled. Lightning smiled slightly as she walked into the bathroom to change.

...

On their next sleepover, they watched the card game tournament on TV, which Regent Cid won, then the Blitzball finals, then a friendly chocobo jousting match between Dalmasca and Archades. They had plenty of popcorn, beer, and cider, but Tifa had too many drinks and passed out. So, Lightning put her in her sleeping bag when the night was done. By now, she seemed more asleep than unconscious.

"Sweet dreams, Tifa," said Lightning.

A soft hissing noise was heard emanating from Tifa and her sleeping bag. Lightning wondered whether Tifa wet herself just now. She was obviously not awake whenever she peed in her sleep, so she'd never heard the sound before. Tifa had drank quite a lot, and she hadn't used the bathroom since her first beer tonight. Lightning's nose confirmed her suspicions pretty quickly. She had to admit, the girls were right. This was cute.

"Girls, come quick," said Lightning. "Tifa's wetting her sleeping bag."

Terra and Selphie walked up and heard the sounds of Tifa peeing herself. They giggled quietly at this. Once Tifa finished peeing, the others climbed into their sleeping bags and fell asleep.

Lightning was woken up by Selphie early the following morning. "Light, come quick!" she said. "She's doing it again!"

Lightning got out of bed groggily and walked over to Tifa's sleeping bag, where Terra already was. The hissing noise could be heard again, as Tifa lay with her mouth wide open and her arms laying raised above her head. Lightning giggled softly. "There was a lot of beer to go through her."

When Tifa finished peeing, Terra and Selphie turned to Lightning and giggled some more.

"What?" Lightning said. She then looked down at her pajamas which were wet at the crotch and butt. She had dreamed of fighting Behemoth Kings in a storm last night. She laughed with Terra and Selphie.

Tifa woke up. "What? What are you laughing about? Did Light wet the bed again?" she asked as she sat up.

"It wasn't just Light," said Terra.

Tifa felt her wet shorts. She blushed lightly but giggled. "I must have drank too much beer last night. Was I as cute wetting the bed as Light?"

"You sure as hell were!" said Selphie.

"I bet Cloud would think so too," said Terra.

Tifa blushed at the idea of Cloud seeing her wet herself, but smiled.

"I've never seen someone else wet the bed before," said Lightning. "It was kind of cute."

Tifa got out of her sleeping bag, a little wobbly because she was a bit hung over. "Do I look cute in wet shorts?"

Lightning, Terra, and Selphie nodded. Tifa giggled and walked into the bathroom to change.

...

On their next sleepover, Lightning made sure she stayed awake when the other girls were asleep. She waited about an hour, and then quietly tiptoed to the kitchen. She grabbed a bowl, filled it with warm water, and walked over to the other girls. She considered her options. She had really enjoyed Tifa's accident, but it would also be cute to see it with Terra or Selphie. After thinking about it for a bit, she made up her mind. She walked over to Terra, quietly lifted her arm, and put her hand in the bowl. Almost immediately she could hear that hissing noise, and Terra let out a little sigh of relief in her sleep. Lightning giggled quietly to herself. Terra looked as cute wetting the bed as Tifa did.

Once Terra finished peeing, Lightning removed her hand from the bowl, quietly took the bowl back to the kitchen and dumped it out, and then returned to her sleeping bag. She had heard of this trick before, but couldn't believe that it worked, and was looking forward to everyone's reaction the following morning.

Lightning woke up again to Selphie. "Light, you won't believe this! Terra wet her sleeping bag last night!"

"Really?" said Lightning. She felt her own pajama pants, and was actually a little disappointed that they were dry. But then, she hadn't dreamed of a thunderstorm last night.

Terra was sitting up in her sleeping bag while Tifa sat next to her.

"I wish I could've been awake to see it," said Tifa.

"This is so embarrassing," said Terra, blushing lightly. "But also kind of fun, hehe. I didn't know that could happen to me too."

"I might have had something to do with it," said Lightning.

"Ooh, you naughty girl!" said Selphie.

Terra got out of her sleeping bag, showing off her wet pajamas, and started tickling Lightning's armpits with a mischievous smile. Lightning started to laugh uncontrollably, for she was extremely ticklish, and before long, Terra wasn't the only one in wet pants.

...

Lightning decided to hold off on making Selphie wet the bed on their next sleepover. She figured Selphie would be expecting this tonight, and maybe staying up to pull the same prank on Tifa or Terra. So, she planned for the sleepover after this, and went to sleep, hoping she'd dream about thunderstorms tonight.

This morning, Selphie didn't wake Lightning up. Lightning got out of her wet sleeping bag on her own after a dream about fighting Odin.

Tifa woke up next, then Terra, and they walked over to Selphie. "Rise and shine," said Tifa.

Selphie suddenly sat up. "Girls, I wet my sleeping bag last night! Aren't I the cutest?"

Lightning, Tifa, and Terra giggled. Selphie got out of her sleeping bag to show off her wet pajamas, slapping her rear end playfully and giggling at the wet sounds it made.

"I guess I won't have to put your hand in hot water tomorrow night," said Lightning.

"Oh, please do!" said Selphie. "That'd be great! I wanna know what it's like to wake up wet!"

"But didn't you already..." Lightning slowly realized. "Oh, you peed your sleeping bag on purpose, didn't you?"

Selphie blushed lightly. "Well... yeah."

Lightning, Tifa, and Terra laughed harder. This was still cute in its own way.

"Well, you can look forward to the real thing tomorrow night," said Lightning.

"Is it weird that I liked how it felt?" Selphie asked.

"Not any more than the fact that the rest of us liked waking up wet," said Tifa. Selphie giggled and lay back down to sleep in her puddle. Lightning walked into the bathroom to change. She still had some pee left in her, but after what Selphie said, she was a little curious. Plus, she had enjoyed her tickle wetting on the previous sleepover. She sat on the toilet with her pants up and peed the rest of the way. She had to admit, this did feel nice. She showered off in her wet pajamas before changing.

*002*2025-05-06 03:31

{{6 hours ago, trekkie said:

This was very cute! I’m a sucker for bedwetting. Hope you do more stories soon!

}}

Thanks. After a while I didn't think anyone was going to read this.

*004*2025-05-08 06:05

{{7 hours ago, nananabatman said:

Great story! Are you planning on including Aerith? 🙄

}}

Not really. But I am glad that you liked this story.

