Princess Desperation at the Olympics

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-11-18 23:58

Just one I thought I'd do for fun, while I have a bit of time to myself. Starring Princess Peach and Princess Daisy as featured in Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games. No one else seems to want to do one for them, and at this point, I'm used to turning to my own stories for fetish fuel.

Princess Desperation at the Olympics

Princess Peach and Princess Daisy were relaxing at Hyde Park after a long and exhausting game of beach volleyball against Mario and Luigi, which they had won. They were dripping with sweat and very thirsty, due to the length of the game and it being on a beach on a hot summer day, so they drank at least ten glasses of water and five bottles of Gatorade each.

After their refreshing drinks, they felt a lot cooler, and stopped sweating. And, after some Equestrian show jumping, which Daisy won, the sweat dried off their shorts as well. For they were wearing their usual sports attire: Peach was wearing a pink tank top and short, tight pink shorts, and Daisy's outfit was similar, but with a yellow tank top and orange shorts. (Note: In this story they don't change for Equestrian)

Their next event was the 100M Sprint.

"Good luck," said Peach, playfully slapping Daisy's butt.

Daisy laughed. "Not sure I'll need it. Daisy. But, good luck to you too!"

"On your mark... get set... go!"

They ran as fast as they could. Daisy was fast, but Sonic was also in the race and they were neck in neck. Sonic beat Daisy by a nose.

"Oh, you were so close," said Peach.

"That's all right," said Daisy. "It was still a fun race, and I got second."

They drank two more glasses of water each, hot and slightly sweaty from the race.

Their next event was Rhythmic Ribbon. Daisy did hers first. As Eggman took his turn next, Peach and Daisy felt a sudden urge to pee. They had drank a lot.

They crossed their legs and fidgeted slightly as Eggman and Metal Sonic did their Rhythmic Ribbon, just wanting it to end so they could get to a bathroom.

Once Metal Sonic's turn was over, Peach did her Rhythmic Ribbon. Usually she was so graceful she won first prize easy, but she messed up several times due to her need to pee, occasionally holding herself. She got last place, while Daisy won.

"I need to go, bad!" said Daisy.

"Me too," said Peach.

"Hey, Princesses!" said Toad. "Your next event is about to begin!"

The princesses groaned and made their way to Football (soccer). Peach and Daisy were on the same team as Knuckles and Silver. Their opponents were Shadow, Vector, Donkey Kong, and Yoshi.

Daisy was usually very good at this game, but her full bladder distracted her and made it harder for her to run fast, let alone tackle or kick hard.

Peach was having even more trouble than Daisy was, holding herself the entire time, and barely able to kick the ball.

Daisy got the ball and ran with it, but held herself with one hand and walked slowly, feeling the pressure in her bladder slowly increasing.

Shadow tripped Daisy with a Sliding Kick and got the ball. However, Silver got it back from him.

At the end of the first round, neither team had scored.

Five more rounds went by without anyone scoring, and the match dragged on and on. Peach and Daisy's desperation grew with each passing minute. Not only that, but they were going to miss their Synchronized Swimming. Which would have been a good opportunity to go, to pee in the water without anyone noticing.

Knuckles got the ball and passed it to Peach. Peach was now holding herself with both hands, and walking at a slow pace with the ball. She really needed to go, but the game just wouldn't end.

Then Yoshi took the ball from her, and Peach could feel herself leak, dampening her pink panties.

"I don't know how much longer I can hold it..." said Daisy. "I have to finish this fast!"

Using her desperation to motivate her, Daisy ran over to Yoshi and took the ball. She ran as fast as she could towards her opponents' net, though, in her desperation, she lost the ball. She quickly ran back to the ball, but Vector tackled her. She fell facedown, and leaked a little into her shorts. Daisy whimpered as Vector scored on her team's net.

Daisy and Peach were both relieved that someone had scored. Once this round was over, the game would be over. There would be time before their next event to use the bathroom and prevent greater damage to their shorts.

Unfortunately for them, right before the end of this round, Silver scored, tying it at 1-1, and leading into another round.

"I need to pee SO BADLY!" said Daisy.

Peach only whimpered in response. She wasn't as athletic as Daisy and didn't think she could hold it as long as her. She was about to burst.

The game extended for three more rounds. Knuckles passed the ball to Peach again. Shaking with the effort of holding it in, Peach just kicked it out of bounds.

As Donkey Kong kicked the ball back into the field, Peach couldn't hold it anymore.

A soft hissing noise could be heard, and Peach's shorts grew warm and wet. Rivers of pee flowed down her beautiful legs and onto the grass below.

Daisy ran by Peach as she chased Yoshi with the ball. She caught sight of Peach peeing herself, and leaked a little more.

After just under a minute, Peach finished peeing. She was blushing beet red. She, a princess, had just wet herself. She sat down and hung her head in shame while the audience laughed.

Daisy got the ball, holding herself with one hand, ran to the opposing net, and kicked as hard as she could, leaking slightly in the process. Daisy scored, putting the game at 2-1.

Fifteen seconds later, the round ended. Peach and Daisy's team had won!

"Right on time too," said Toad, "cause your next game is gonna begin in a minute!"

"Can it wait?" said Daisy. "I have to go to the bathroom really badly!"

"Hold it until the end of the game," said Toad. "It's an hour before your fencing match."

"But I REALLY need to go!"

Toad wasn't listening, as he was getting Peach to her feet. "At least you can play well now. And the same thing happened to Amy once."

Peach's face was still red, but she felt a little better as she and Daisy ran to Badminton. Their opponents were Wario and Waluigi. The audience snickered at the sight of Peach's wet shorts, but Espio ignored it and gave the signal for the game to begin.

At first, Peach and Daisy dominated. Well, Peach did better than Daisy, Daisy could barely swing because she was holding herself with one hand and was now crossing her legs where she stood. The princesses got up to four points, but then Wario and Waluigi started doing better, and Daisy started missing the birdie.

Soon, they were tied, 4-4.

Peach was able to score, but every time she scored, Waluigi would score immediately after, keeping the game tied, and every time the game was tied at this point, a team needed to get two points in a row to win.

Daisy dropped her racket and held herself with both hands, crossing her legs and fidgeting. She didn't care about the game anymore. She just wanted it to end so she could get to a bathroom. She could feel the pee sloshing around inside her and knew she was about to burst.

Then, Wario deliberately spiked the birdie directly at Daisy. It hit Daisy in the face and knocked her on her butt.

The sudden impact combined with the surprise, and her uncrossing her legs and taking her hands off her crotch, was too much for her. Daisy's already-damp shorts darkened, and a puddle grew where she sat.

*ppppssssssssssssss*

"Ahhhhhhhhhh..."

Daisy blushed as she continued to pee like a race horse, but greatly enjoyed the relief, almost forgetting about her humiliation.

Peach blushed lightly at the sight of Daisy wetting her shorts. But, it did make her own experience a little less embarrassing.

Wario and Waluigi laughed as the tomboyish princess continued peeing herself in front of them.

Daisy peed for over a minute, and felt immensely relieved when she was done. "Ahhh, that's better..."

She sat in her puddle of pee for about a minute before Espio said "I'm sorry about your accident, but it's time to continue the game."

Daisy blushed and stood up, her shorts absolutely soaked. "Now that I don't have to pee anymore, you two are in big trouble!"

The score was 12-12. As they went back and forth, Daisy scored twice in a row. The first time was easy because Wario and Waluigi were still too distracted laughing at Daisy's accident. Daisy, meanwhile, was thinking about the game, she'd worry about her embarrassment later. Besides, she almost enjoyed playing in her wet shorts.

Peach and Daisy won that game. There was still some time to go before their fencing match. Daisy drank six bottles of water.

"Aren't you worried you might... um... have another accident?" said Peach.

"I don't think my shorts can get any wetter," said Daisy, "and it wasn't so bad." She giggled, and so did Peach, who, feeling thirsty herself, drank just as much water.

Their fencing match lasted longer than they had expected. They both got eight hits in, but continued to block and avoid each others' attacks. It went on for half an hour, after which both princesses needed to pee again. Their new drinks having gone through them, as well as what was left over after Peach's accident.

"Ahhhhhhh..." sighed Daisy as she peed where she stood, enjoying the warm release as the pee flowed down her legs. The audience laughed but she didn't care. Her shorts were already wet, after all.

Too caught up in the pleasure she took from wetting herself, she forgot about the match, and Peach hit her with the practice sword, knocking her on her butt. Her rear splashed into her puddle.

"Hey, I hadn't finished!" said Daisy, still peeing.

"Peach wins!" said Espio.

"Yes, that's all good, but I really need to go!" said Peach, dropping her sword and holding herself.

"Just go in your shorts," said Daisy as she finished peeing. "They're already wet! And it feels really good!"

"I don't want to do that again," said Peach, and she ran for the bathroom. But, she didn't make it. Again.

*004*2017-11-20 22:28

{{10 hours ago, Heloctre said:

It's a very good story

}}

Thanks. You're one of the only three who seems to think so, I barely get any comments here.

