Just your average relationship: A 4 part series

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2015-07-17 19:05

White. It's all I see as I wake up this morning. I'm blasted in the eyes by this piercing ray of light. It bursts through the crack in my curtains and slams its way into my pupils. I cringe as it blinds me. Rolling to the side of the bed and putting my socks on, I find myself still unsure of my decsion. Unsure...but still willing to go through with it.

I immediatly get dressed into my clothing from the previous night, after which I stumble down the stairs. I lean against the wall to balance myself. I skip breakfast and head outside. The sun is glaring through a small crack in the clouds and my surrounding area has an odd blue tint. Its from this point that I slip my shoes on and begin walking.

Just Your Average Relationship

Part 1

And suddenly we're back in the summer of 2011. The sun glares down onto the campus and as it's tradition for the British, we all moan about the weather. I was sitting outside, leaning against a wall, when a buddy of mine, Simon, slumped down beside me.

“Fuck man, it's hot” He cried out exasperated

“That it is.” I said without even looking up from my book.

“Like, this is the UK. It's supposed to be rain 24/7. Hell even when its supposed to be snowing its raining.”

“I guess so.”

I knew what he was doing. Start the conversation off nicely and then...

“So my friend Jessica is asking about you.” He mumbled as he slipped a phone on top of my book. It was open to Jessica's facebook profile. She was pretty but...

“Still not interested.”

“Oh come on, man! Its the end of Uni, for fucks sake. Sleep with someone!” He yelled into my ear. He grabbed both his phone and my book in one fellow swoop. “I don't know if you've got incredibly high standards, like you'll only get it on with a chick if she's Scarlett Johannson, or you're embarrassed about your dick size”

Simon, as you could guess, had this weird obsession with getting me laid. I feel like I started off as just a pet project to him but we'd morphed into hetero life partners. Ofcourse I couldn't tell him why I really hadn't gotten laid in Uni.

I stood up and put my arm around Simon. “Ho-kay friendo. Look, if I have sex before I leave college can you quit with it?”

“Yes. You'll thank me when you realise it was because of me you lost your V-Card”

“Wait...I'm not a virgin.”

“...I was lied to” Simon screamed, his eyes bulging wide.

“You were. Lost it back in secondary school.” I replied with a nonchalant shrug. “Wait, do I really give off that virgin air?”

“Sorry...but yeah. Total Michael Cera vibe”

“Oh fuck you. We'll do this on one condition anyway.” I slapped him on the back of his stupid ass head “ You don't try hook me up with any of your friends. Let me do this.”

“Alright....come to the fifth end of year party then, Mr Bond.” He smugly said with a Sean Connery impression.

To best describe this house, I'd have to say it was...a brewery. Right from entrance the smell of Jack Daniel's Tennessee whisky graced my nostrils and the sound of drunken guy attempting wrestling moves in the back garden set up that oh so wonderful atmosphere. I already knew this party would be a blast. Me and Simon entered the house, bringing 3 bottles of vodka in tow. See, that’s the beauty of BYOB parties. Everyone always brings too much. We were greeted by the same Jessica from the facebook profile. She gave Simon a hug and looked me up and down with a very coy grin.

“Don't even think about it.” Simon quickly said as he gripped her shoulders.

“What? Is she planning to roofie me or some shit?” Some laughter was quickly followed by Jessica leading us into the kitchen. Me and Simon immediately scoped out all the ladies there. All gorgeous.

As much as I'd like to give, of me going around and talking to each of these women, I'll have to be honest and say. I don't remember it. I'm a big fan of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whisky. What I do remember is a few hours later.

I stepped out into the cool street, summer nights are the best. It's warm enough to just, relax outside . The perfect chance for some alone time. At least that was my plan until I realised I had company. Sat on the wall with a cigarette in between her fingers was this amazingly beautiful girl. A full 10 out of 10. And what she was wearing, my god, what she was wearing. She wore this black dress which perfectly clung to her. It hugged her hips and chest, giving me a preview of what lie beneath. As soon as I saw her, my eyes were hooked.

“You want one?”

“Huh?” Her voice was a lot higher pitched than I expected. It was absolutely adorable.

“A cigarette. You've been staring at it.” She responded, giving me a slight grin.

“That's not what I've been staring at. God damn, you're fuckin' beautiful.” I burst out laughing at the end of this. What can I say? The Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whisky was in me.

“Oh! And a very subtle flirt too.” She giggled. Oh god the cuteness was gonna kill me.

“Hey! I'm a little bit drunk...mind if I take a seat?”

“Go ahead.” She spoke as she patted the spot next to her on the wall. I took a seat and we immediately hit off. We began to walk and talk after an hour. The vast number of topics covered in that time before she spoke those words were immediately forgotten. As soon as she said those words.

“Oh god. I really got go to the bathroom.” Tensed thighs. Hands lodged into her crotch.

My pants suddenly became tighter.

“You wanna go back?” I asked with mock concern.

“No we're almost at my place. I can hold it...unless yours is nearer?” She grinned. I could see the desperation on her face yet it didn't seem to bother her. “Actually...I think I might go right now.”

“There's no bathroom around here though. You gonna just squat down or?” I was excited. I couldn't help myself but ask.

“No...I'm gonna hold it. I'm a big girl.” She continued walking down the path. We kept passing student house after student house, with each one her desperation increasing. She stopped more, leaning on the wall to reassure herself. The conversation was dying down with both of us become distracted by her situation. After 10 minutes of these she suddenly froze. I watched closely, hoping what I think was happening was actually happening. She pushed hard onto her crotch before turning right and taking us through a park.

“This a short cut?” I said, keeping my eyes on her behind. She struggled through the path leading through the park.

“No” She suddenly diverted from the path and started walking over to some trees. “I-I don't think I'm gonna make it.”

She suddenly tripped. She fell forward for a second before steadying herself. That second however, cost her dearly. I could see her face grow red as a small amount of liquid ran down her left leg.

“Shit...I just pissed a little.” She cried out to me. “My underwear's already ruined...”

She continued facing the other direction and squatted. She managed to move her skirt out of the way before she let loose. All that alcohol consumed, all that Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whisky that had been drunk all came rushing out. Her blue panties became covered by a dark patch which then sprung a leak, sprinkling urine all over the grass. She sighed with relief as she finally got to release her flow. She finished up and the stream slowed to a drip. She stood up, skirt still around her waist and turned around to face me. The wet patch on her cyan panties was also on the front, albeit to a lesser extent. I couldn't take my eyes off it. She strode over to me, pushing her skirt down as she did and put her hand on the front of my pants.

“This is the opposite of what I expected” She spoke with a wide grin on her face, her cheeks still red from embarrassment. After the whole ordeal we sat on a bench in the park as she recovered. She seemed to have a million questions.

“So it turns you on?” She asked, leaning on me.

“Yeah...” I replied awkwardly. What the hell is going on? I thought.

“Is it peeing in general or is it just through pants?”

“Just through pants”

“That's weird...interesting though. I used to have a boyfriend who get really turned on when I start saying stuff in French.”

“You're French?”

“No, I just know a few sentences. No dirty talk, he just though it was. I was really just ordering breakfast.” Our laughter echoed throughout the park. This isn't as awkward as I had been expecting. “So how did you find out you we're into this?”

“You really wanna know?” I asked, attempting to raise my eyebrow like The Rock. I apparently failed because she giggled again.

“You tell me and I'll tell you about how I wet myself the other day” She whispered into my ear. I could her grin in her voice.

And with that my pants stood to attention again.

“Deal. I was in my secondary school math class and our teacher...she was hot to say the least. Like oh my god. I was like 12 so I naturally was thinking I'd get with her some day.-”

“Did you?”

“I did not. So one day she comes into the lesson late and right off the bat that's weird. She's one of these teachers who demanded punctuality. Like...she'd power bomb you through a table if you were late. She comes in and immediately gives us a task. No lead up just throws it out there. Then she spends the rest of the lesson in silence. The class starts to be consumed by speculation. While they were guessing things from break ups to pregnancy, one thought stuck in my mind 'Does she have to pee'. It just over took my mind. I couldn't stop thinking about it and couldn't took my eyes off her legs, which were barely visible under her desk.

You could see her feet and ankles that was it, but I could see her legs were crossed. We're nearing the end of the lesson and she's sweating. She's pushed to the limit and the lesson is about to end when she suddenly whispers 'Bollocks'. I can hear the sound of water dripping and then I glance down to her feet. There was a puddle building up right beneath her. Oh my god, she was peeing herself! She managed to get away with it, the rest of the class didn't notice and then she knocked her coffee onto herself. The class laughs and the bells goes and they leave. I, on the other hand, couldn't stop thinking about it.”

We silent in silence for a second. Me with a raging erection in my pants and her with a silly grin on her face.

“That was actually a good story.” She said, giving me a kiss on the cheek.

“Thank you.”

“Guess I should tell you mine then?”

“That was the deal...What is your name? I didn't actually ask?”

“It's Robin. Wha-

“NaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNaNa Batman!”

Our laughter again echoed through the empty park.

“Hmmm...If I tell you” She placed her hand, tenderly on my penis “Is this gonna get any bigger?”

“Well...there's only one way to find out.”

“I was at another party. And oh my god was I drunk. I just kept drinking Jack Danials Tennessee Whisky and coke. It was such a good night, just me and a bunch of girls. Eventually the party starts to die down and I decide to share a bed with another girl. So me and her are laying in bed together and she drops off first. I slowly begin to fade to sleep when I remember. Oh I should use the bathroom. I don't get up in time and I'm asleep. The next morning and I slowly come to. 'Hey...it's kinda cold....oh no' I reach down to my butt and feel...holy shit! I pissed the bed! I move the covers up and look down there to find a huge spot. Not kidding, taking up half the bed. I go into panic mode and start thinking of a way to fix it. Then I notice there's two wet patches. I look to the other girl and see she's also pissed the bed!”

“This is sounding like heaven”

“Shush you. And idea comes to mind. It's a horrible one but it's gotta be done. I move closer to the girl, into the space where there's no pee. Apparently I'd filled up again because I managed to start wetting again, filling out the wet patch and creating one big ass ocean. I sneak out of bed and out through the front door. I only live a couple of doors down so I get away scott free.”

“Wow...you're evil.” She starts caressing the top of my pants. Oh god no. Please let her get further than this before I-

“Oh but you seem to like it.” She unzips my pants and moves down there.

That was my first night with Robin.

