Dance moms omorashi the irreplaceables desperation

Author: theperson2052

*000*2021-06-02 20:38

Hello everyone, this is story is about Kendall having to pee during a dance competition for the irreplaceables. The irreplaceables take place when the girls are 18 so in no way is the story about children.

“Ouch your to heavy” said Nia jokingly. “I’m not that heavy, I think your just weak” Kendall replied in an equally joking way.

“Hurry up girls from the top” said their dance choreographer. The group dance that Nia, Chloe, Kelani and Kendall were dancing in was one of the most difficult ones any of them had done. The most difficult part however was the ending, Kendall had to jump on Nia’s back and Chloe and kelani had to stand beside while they were posed there. That is not to mention the countless pirouettes and jumps in the dance. “Okay girls this raps up our rehearsal I will see you on the weekend at the competition.” The dance teacher said to the girls after they finished the dance. “Did it go well?” Jill asked Kendall. “I think I have it memorized for the competition” Kendall said to her mother.

(Dressing room at the competition)

It was extremely hot that day because I’m the place of the competition the ac was broken. All the windows and the fire escapes were open but it wasn’t enough to keep away the heat. “Can you pass me that water Chloe?” Kendall asked. “Sure” Chloe said as she gave a bottle to Kendall. Kendall had already had one bottle because it was so hot. She was sticking her second one and practicing her dance in the changing room when their dance teacher told them they had to go backstage.

(Backstage)

By the time that the competition started to move into the dances their age Kendall felt a small pain in her bladder. “Is there time to go to the bathroom” Kendall asked to kelani. “I don’t think their aren’t many dances in our age group so if you can I hold it I would recommend you do that.” Kelani said. Kendall was hoping for that not to be the answer, she thought about going anyway but then she thought “how many people can there be dancing our age group?” It turned out that there wasn’t many people in there age group at all. But their was one thing she noticed, the dances were almost double the length of the younger dances.

When the announcer called them to the stage Kendall’s bladder pinched and she grabbed her crotch right before she went on. “Don’t pee yourself” Chloe joked to Kendall as her cheeks turned bright red. Chloe walked onto the stage right after she had said her joke. Chloe hadn’t known how bad Kendall had to go to the bathroom or she would have been more sympathetic, or at least that’s what Kendall thought. It was Kendall’s turn to walk out onto the stage, she considered not doing though because of how bad she had to go but ultimately decided on going out and dancing.

As she walked out and the music started playing she looked at the audience, she felt her bladder lurch but she managed to regain control. She managed to make almost all the way through the dance. All she had to do was jump on Nias back and pose for a few seconds then she could go find a restroom. She ran and jumped onto Nia’s back, but something else happened. Kendall had just lost her balance and fell backwards and made Nia fall in the process. When she fell she hit her back on the floor causing all the pee to spray out into her dance clothes.

While she was peeing Nia was lying on top of her because of how they fell. Nia’s head was where Kendall’s stomach was, so as Kendall was letting out all the pee she had been holding in, Nia was getting the pee on her lower back and butt. Nia could feel what was happening and looked up at Kendall and Kendall said “Can you walk infront on me to cover the pee?” Kendall asked her face bright red. Nia nodded and got up as Kendall did and they walked off stage followed shortly by kelani and Chloe.

(Dressing rooms)

“Oh my god I can’t believe I just did that” Kendall said shaking all over. “I told you not to pee yourself before we went on didn’t I?” Chloe said in joking way which made everyone laugh including Kendall. “It’s all on my back and my butt.” Nia said not caring very much about having Kendall’s pee on her. “Don’t worry we all make mistakes.” Said kelani. “Yeah watch” said Chloe. Chloe proceeded to hug kelani and pee her pants. “ Oh my god what the heck Chloe!” Kelani screamed while laughing. Everyone laughed even Kendall. “I am so getting back at you!” Yelled kelani. After she said that she tackled Chloe to the floor “You better not pee-“ Chloe got interrupted when kelani started laughing. “Did she pee on you?” Nia asked while laughing uncontrollably. “Yes!” Chloe yelled out while trying to hold in her laughter. Then everyone’s laughter stoped and they heard footsteps slowly coming down the hall. “We are gonna have some explaining to do” chloe said as they all ran into changing stalls.

