No Pee for you Jenny

Author: thilanP

*000*2020-03-21 01:05

Disclaimer: This story contains pee desperation, sex acts, and pee holding. This my first story and your comments are appreciated. 

Part 1 

It was a Friday evening and I was expecting to meet Jenny at my home around 1 PM and we were planning to have alone time until around 5. That weekend, my parents went to their village to see some relatives and I decided that it was the best day to meet Jenny at my home and enjoy some sexy time. 

If it is not clear until now, Jenny is my girl friend. Jenny was just 2 years younger than me and was studying an English course after her high school exams while waiting for exam results. I was studying at the university. Although we were dating for 1 year at that time, we never had sex. Premarital sex was not approved in my culture (however I doubt that most people nowadays have sex before marriage anyway). Although we did not care about social norms, we had a mutual agreement that we will wait sometime for penetrative sex. Yet, we managed to enjoy sex through various foreplay methods. She had given me several blowjobs and hand jobs while I gave her some clitoral massages, cunnilingus, and anal rim jobs. I was expecting to receive similar favors on this day. 

However, the things did not go as planned initially. Jenny called me in the morning and said that she has an assignment on that day and said that she cannot come to my house. I already cancelled my plans for the day and was angry at her last-minute cancellation. Afterall we were unable to meet for the last three weeks due to my university exams and I was very excited to meet Jenny today. 

“Well not everything goes according the plan. I’ll use this time to catch up with marvel movies before the release of Avengers end game” I though and started watching a movie on my laptop. 

During the final 30 minutes of the film my phone started ringing. It’s Jenny. 

“Hi darling, I’m 10 minutes away from your home” 

“But you said that you have an assignment at class”, I said. 

“The class got cancelled as our teacher got sick. So I’m coming to you place as planned. I already got down from the bus. Did not want to call you earlier as you were angry with me. I wanted to surprise you” 

“Ha ha that’s what happens when you try to avoid me and cancels our plans. Well I’ll keep the door open. Come on in when you arrive” 

“Clicked”, I hear the door opens and Jenny was wearing a blue and white striped blouse with a black pencil skirt that is slightly above her knees. I hugged and gave her a warm kiss while squeezing her tight ass. 

“You look gorgeous today” 

“Thank you baby. Its very hot, I walked almost 10 minutes to come to your home and you did not even come to pick me up on the bike”, she said. 

“I would have picked you up from your home, if you decided to come at our original agreed time”, I said. 

”Yes I know. Its my mistake. I’m thirsty and need to pee real bad”. 

Normally she is shy to mention about her needs. But the urgency has reduced her inhibitions. 

“You can have some lemonade to quench your thirst” 

“That’s great.” 

I gave her a full glass of lemonade and she gulped it. 

“Well you disobeyed me by cancelling our plans. You should do something for me as a punishment. Lets see what I get” I asked while touching her legs beneath her skirt. 

“I could give you a blow job or may be a handjob” 

“That was the original plan. I need something more for your disobedience” I said while lifting her skirt up and exposing her panty. She was wearing a pink cotton panty and she was keeping her legs tight. 

“Open your legs darling, I need to give a kiss to your pussy” 

“Be gentle. I’m desperate to pee” She hesitantly opened her legs and her panty was fully exposed. Her pink panty had two damp patches near two sides. Has she already leaked ? I wondered. But the dampness was near her inner thighs and not near the pussy. Few strands of pubic hair was poking from the sides of her panty and I could feel the her pubic hair. 

“Sorry. I was planning to shave today. But did not bother when I decided to go to class instead of meeting you” Jenny blushed. 

“May be I like it better this way” I said. Then I gave a gentle kiss to her pussy over the panty and smelled her panties. I could slightly smell pee mixed with sweat. 

“You have sweat a lot” 

“Yes. Its very hot outside. Are you happy with what you got” she said mischievously. 

“Well, that’s not what I want. You said you want to pee bad right ?” I asked while standing up. 

“Yes. Lemonade will increase my need and I need to go to the toilet” she said. 

“Let me propose a punishment for you. I will not give you permission to pee until you make me cum”. 

“Could you elaborate more about the rules ?” Jenny asked while rearranging her skirt. 

“You can shake or suck me for 2-minute intervals. If I did not cum within that period, you must do whatever I say. We can repeat this until I cum. You can pee only after getting me off” 

“So what type of things are you going to ask me to do ?” 

“I have to think about it. I’ll make sure those tasks wont take more than 3 or 4 minutes to fulfill at max. Also I’ll make sure to include activities that will be pleasurable to you as well. Hope you like be eaten out while desperate to pee” 

She blushed when I mentioned that. ”I’m not sure” 

“Hey come on. I’m going easy on you. You can think this whole thing as a game. If you make me cum in the first 2 minutes, you may not even need to do anything special and able to pee right away”. 

She starts to think about my proposal. I’m an ordinary guy and I rank my sexual performance as above average. Sometimes I have cum within 50-60 seconds and sometimes I was able to hold it for 30 mins. But most of the time I’m able to hold it for around 10 minutes. Jenny is thinking about the same. 

“Okay. Deal. I hope I can make you cum quick like that time in the movies” she said. 

She was referring to an event that happened as soon as we start dating. After my exams, we went to see a movie and through the first part of the movie, we were touching each other above our clothes. I was so horny and have not masturbated for two weeks due to exam stress. Suddenly she took my cock out, spread her legs to show me her panty and pussy, and started stroking my penis. I ejaculated instantly and uncontrollably on her hands. And some cum landed on her hair as well. She was surprised but at the same time she was happy. 

“Well we had phone sex last night as well, I think I can hold it bit longer than that time for sure. But make sure not to leak or wet your self. Then you will lose the whole thing”, I said. 

“So let me take your penis out” Jenny said touching my dick over the shorts romantically. 

“Not now. I have 15 minutes left in the movie. We’ll start the whole thing after finishing the movie” 

“NOOO” 

(to be continued)

*006*2022-11-15 15:32

Part 2 

We sat down on the sofa and continued to watch the movie. It was a marvel movie and Jenny is not a fan of action films. But she sat near me and put her head on my shoulder. From the corner of my eye I could see Jenny squirming. I wrapped my hand around her and started rubbing her shoulder. 

But then I realized that I should refrain from getting excited. Otherwise I may not be able to hold longer when she starts to blow me. I must stop all the touching, thinking about her desperation, or the status of her pussy. I decided to focus my attention on the final few parts of the movie. 

Meanwhile Jenny was thinking the opposite. She was desperate to pee but in her mind she thought everything was manageable. She was just looking at the movie. She wanted to tease me. So she started giving small kisses on my cheeks. And then she touched my semi hard dick. 

"Hey, stop. I'm trying to concentrate on the movie" 

"Ok, Ok. I'll wait". 

Then Jenny lifted her blouse and flashed her pink bra and started jiggling her breasts. I tried not to give much attention but I could feel that I was getting a full erection. 

"Do you like what you are seeing?" she asked. 

"Yes. I like this movie" 

"Not that movie silly. This movie" she pointed at her breasts that were covered by the bra. 

"Still we haven't started the official game Jenny. " 

"Ok Ok. I'll wait". 

Jenny adjusted her blouse and moved her legs up. She looked at her phone and sighed. I looked at the remaining time for the movie and realized that in 10 minutes we are going to start the first round. 

*007*2024-07-09 18:33

As the movie played on, I kept sneaking glances at Jenny. She was doing her best to keep still, but the occasional shift in her seat and her tapping foot were giveaways to her growing desperation. I could tell she was eager for the game to begin, and her attempts to distract me only made me more excited for what was to come. 

Finally, the credits began to roll, and I turned off the laptop, giving Jenny my full attention. She was biting her lip, a mix of anticipation and urgency in her eyes. 

"Alright, let's start," I said, standing up and adjusting myself. Jenny followed suit, straightening her skirt and taking a deep breath. "You have two minutes to get me off. Ready?" 

"Ready," she replied, a hint of determination in her voice. 

Jenny knelt in front of me and began to unbutton my shorts, her fingers trembling slightly. She pulled them down, along with my boxers, and my erect cock sprang free. She glanced up at me with a mischievous smile before taking me into her mouth. The sensation was immediate and intense, and I had to focus to keep from losing control too quickly. 

Her tongue worked expertly, swirling around the head of my penis, while her hand stroked the base. I could see the concentration on her face, her movements quick and deliberate. But as the seconds ticked by, I could feel myself holding back, determined to see how far she would go. 

The timer on my phone beeped, signaling the end of the first two minutes. Jenny pulled away, wiping a bit of saliva from her lips. She looked up at me expectantly, waiting for my instruction. 

"Alright, you didn't make me cum, so now you have to do something for me," I said, a playful edge in my voice. 

