The suffering bus ride

Author: Tibarary

*000*2018-08-03 15:27

I was in the mood to write another story. Again I have to apologize for writ errors and mistakes with the usage of the tense but for an undefinably reason writing a story on my mother language does nothing for me. The story contains female desperation and peeing, the youngest main protagonists are teen agers (there is one younger child, but without a important role). My request was to be as authentical as possible (a story like it could happened all day).

This story has a true core, if you are interested I tell you which part is true.

Now let's start.

Part 1

Leonie was annoyed, trapped in a bus on her way home from work in a traffic jam in the middle of nowhere.

It was not very often she had to use the bus for her way home, but on this day her friend with an own car who also worked as a trainee in the same office was not at work. Leonie was making her driving license at the moment, so she had no other joice as using the bus.

It was warm outside and inside the bus and with her tight stretch jeans she began to sweat slightly. It was not the first time that day she regretted not wearing a summer dress or at least a skirt.

Again she layed to the side to look through the front window of the bus in the hope to see what might have happened, but there was nothing as cars standing still in front of the bus.

Leonie layed back in her seat in the rear part of the bus and drank something water from the bottle she had with her.

It was on the early afternoon and the bus was half empty.

Only ten minutes after the stop Nicole began to tapp nearvously with her foot on the ground.

She still had a 20 minute bus ride before she reached her home and this unexpected stop was not good for her bladder.

Nicole was in a hurry to reach this bus. School ended earlier today because a teacher became suddenly sick.

She felt a need to pee since the last two lessons but if she had gone to the toilet first after the lessons ended, she had missed the bus.

After 15 minutes sitting in the bus, she regretted her decision. Her tight jeans shorts clung to her young body and putting additional pressure to her bladder. Her friend Diane who was also a aight grader was sitting next to her. (aight graders in Germany are pupils with the age of 14-15 years)

Nicole looked at her friend in the hope to see some signs of desperation at her, but she had no idea if she was in the same position. She began talking with her friend, at least this brought her some distraction.

Nina already was already unable to stand still as she was waiting at the bus shelter. The constant moving helped her to forget her full bladder. Earlier that day she was at an blood donation and after this she had done something in the city. Nina drank a lot before and after giving blood, because that's what they told her she should do to keep her circulation stable.

But now, more than one hour later she felt all the liquid rushing through her body into her bladder. As she was waiting for the bus she noticed her full bladder more and more.

Her holding ability was good, she know that, so it would not be a problem for her to hold it through the 20 minutes long bus journey to her home. So after entering the bus, Nina crossed her legs and looked out of the window.

15 minutes after the bus came to an unexpected stop she was worried about her need and crossed her legs the other way letting her black see-through tights rustling.

She looked to the left where a middle aged man was sitting. Nina caught him looking at her and he turned away his head immediately. She was a good looking young girl wearing a short summer dress with black tights today.

Because it was such a nice hot summer day, Jenny decided not going to school, fearing a lot of boring lessons. Instead of this she went to the near open air bath. But because of her appointment with the hair dresser on the afternoon she couldn't stay too long and had to catch the bus to go back earlier as she liked. Now she was trapped in the not moving bus. She wore her bikini under her clothing so she didn't need to change in the bath. The tight synthetic fabric clung to her body and she was sweating. Jenny had the back row of the bus for her own, that meant no other sweating and smelling people next to her, she hated this.

The silence inside the bus was interrupted 10 minutes later by a small boy, around the age of 3 or 4 years. The boy named Arthur was the nephew of Madlen who was on her way back from a doctor because he had problems with his ears. Arthur was not in the mood of sitting still anymore and let this know everyone who was in the bus. Madlen tried to calm him down but that was not easy. Both had to wait at the doctor the whole morning so it was no wonder the boy was twitchy.

A older couple was sitting next to Madlen on the other side of the bus. The woman smiled to the little Arthur and nodded sympathetically.

*002*2018-08-07 07:58

Part 2

Sitting still slowly became harder and harder for Nina as the pressure inside her continued to build. She drank a lot of water and was not prepared for any more delay on her way home.

"I have to pee" was all what was in her mind now. But there was no choice for a early relief. Traffic was not moving forward. She crossed her legs the other way and squirmed in her seat. She simply had to hold it somehow.

Ten more minutes passed and the bus driver opened the doors to let some fresh but warm air inside. People from the other cars opened their doors ore were standing outside and looked what might have happened.

One of the man from the bus got out and smoked a cigarette.

After another 5 minutes Nicole was jiggling very obviously in her seat. She pulled her tight shorts away from her crotch and grabbed herself for a few seconds when she thought no one was looking at her.

"Are you ok?" Diane asked Nicole.

"Yeah, but I need to pee since the last lesson but I didn't want to miss the bus. "

She sat cross-legged for a little while, and then tucked her left heel under her butt, rocking on her heel.

Half an hour after the stop Leonie was getting nervous because she could feel how her bladder filled more and more with urine. The bottle she had in her case was nearly empty and together with all the water she drank during the day it was no wonder she had to pee now. If only the bus would moving forward she thought and crossed her legs tightly.

Nina's body trembled from a sudden wave of desperation and her hand shot between her legs involuntarily. The pain at the front just above her pubic bone was so intense, she squeezed as hard on her sphincter as she could, but the pain simply didn't go away.

A moment later she took her hand away and blushed, hoping the man next to her had not seen anything, but thank god he was outside and smoking. Nina rocked back and forth in her seat like crazy to keep the pressure inside.

She knew she was at her limit. She had to pee somewhere, very soon or it would leak in her panties she was sure.

Frantic she looked outside the bus. There was nothing to hide behind, no bush, no houses, only a small building with a radio mast and a large fence around. A tarred drive way lead to this building which was around 50 meters away from the road where the bus was standing.

Because of the surrounding fence there was no possibility to hind behind the building and the mesh wire fence itself was not a really good cover.

The next village with houses she could ask for a toilet was a few kilometers away so this was also not an option.

Nina crossed her legs tight and pushed her right hand under her bum and squeezed her crotch as good as possible without anyone seeing her doing this. A silent moan escaped her mouth and she was only minutes away from relaxing her muscles and letting the warm pee escaping too.

The bus was not moving since 45 minutes when suddenly Arthur announced to his aunt for all to hear that he needed a wee-wee badly. Although Madlen was not very experienced with little children, she know that if a child needs a pee it is serious. And the last thing she wants to do was dealing with wet pants on him. Madlen took Arthur by his arm and got out of the bus with him.

She stopped with him next to the bus at the side of the road and pulled his pants down from behind. A moment later a fountain of pee shot out of him watering the grass.

Leonie moved around uncomfortably on her seat as the urge to pee hit her more than before. It was no wonder she had to pee. Her last visit to the toilet was 5 hours ago. She looked around the bus, pulling away the waistband from her tight jeans from her bladder for a moment. The girl who sat diagonal in front of her looked very nervous and couldn't sit still a second. Surely she had to pee too Leonie thought, "maybe much more than I have".

Nina looked out of the window and saw Arthurs stream hitting the grass. She was not prepared for this. How she longed to do the same like the little boy. On the verge of soaking the bus seat she had to do something immediately. Her tights cut deep into her bladder and the tight shapewear panties she was wearing underneath compressed her bladder additionally.

Nina was sweating and she began to panick. She couldn't think straight. Peeing outside was not an option for her, too many people were there and not enough cover for a woman to pee.

Again she pressed her hand between her legs as hard as she could and wriggled with her hips frantic on the seat. She had to get out of the bus, but what then? She had no experience with such an full bladder and she had no idea what standing up may have for an effect to her. But only standing up would not help to solve her problem. What if she get out of the bus to some of the other People who were standing outside and can't stand still. All others would see that she had to pee very desperately. If only she could take her tights off to give her bladder some more room best would be to take off her panties too, which compressed her bladder even more.

She blushed only by thinking about this. No, she couldn't do this. On the other hand the only person who are able to see her directly was the man sitting next to her and he was outside at the moment. But was he remembering she was wearing black tights before he got outside?

(For a better imagination I like to show a picture of the kind of shapewear panties Nina was wearing)

$$

*006*2018-08-21 11:56

Part 3

Nina was not far away from crying but she was not a child anymore she told herself but child or not, she was not able to hold her pee forever. But embarrassing herself with strangers around was another thing she couldn't handle. Suddenly her sphincter weakened and she realised she’d finally reached the end of the line as a 2 second long squirt shot out of her urethra.

She moaned out loud and used every muscle to stop the flow. She blushed redder than before, she hadn't peed in her pants since she was a small child. The urine erupting out of her pressed against her labia from the outside, the material of her panties was thick enough to hold back these few milliliters. She never felt this before, releasing a small spurt and stopping the leak caused an enormous stinging pain at her pee hole, her whole crotch area burned like fire.#

She would never make it home dry, even if the jam would end immidiately. She saw the man coming back from smoking. She pulled the hem from her summer dress out from under her ass, so she wasn't sitting on it. Right before he entered the bus, she used the chance to reach with her hand under her dress from the side and kneaded her aching pussy for a last moment, oh how good this felt she thought. With her fingers she could feel the moisture of her panties through her pantyhose at her gusset, but thank god they were not soaked through. He stepped in the bus, and she took her hand away and crossed her legs tight. At least she was sitting with her bum directly on the seat and she really thought about letting out some more to ease the peak of the pressure inside her. In reality she had no idea if she could stop herself if she let some out, the fear of peeing herself completely was permanently in her mind.

One ne of the two girls a few rows in front of her seamed also unable to sit still Nina noticed. Nina estimated the two girls a bit younger as she was.

The urge to pee had become much more violent than before for Nicole, her tight denim shorts rubbed against the bus seat frequently. She really should've gone when she had the chance she thought.

The pressure inside her bladder rise to a dangerous level during the last half hour. She already tried everything to give her sphincter some support. Although she refused to press with her hand between her legs, she was not able to sit still in her seat, legs crossed, uncrossed, bending forward, wriggling and fidgeting with her hips. Nicole tried all to be as discrete as possible, but all her movements showed a girl who was in pain with holding back her pee.

As another wave hit her, she was holding her breath and all she could do to make the situation a bit better was opening the top button of her shorts. "Oh my god" she moaned but this let the pressure ease a little bit.

Diane already knew about Nicoles problem which worsened the last half hour and meanwhile she had to pee too. She thought about how she could help her suffering friend. There was nothing around the bus instead of open fields with no cover and a paled radio mast with a small building a bit away from the road, also not a good cover but this was the only thing around a few kilometers.

"Looks like you have to go really bad" Diane asked, already knowing the answer.

"don't talk so loud" Nicole hissed at Diane. She was embarrassed enough to let Diane know she had to pee.

"Oh...I have to pee so badly, my bladder is about to explode" she whispered to Diane with a red head.

Another wave hit her and she wriggled like crazy to stem the pain. She was holding it in for so long, but her bladder burned like fire and for a moment her strength weakened and she opened her legs wide and pressed her hand between them directly on the denim and moved with her fingers from side to side. She closed her eyes and a nearly too loud moan escaped her mouth "I'm about to wet myself, please continue driving" she whispered.

After a few seconds kneading her crotch she was able to fight back the huge wave of pressure. Nicole took her hand away but she knew Diane saw her holding her crotch, but this was the last effort to stop her from leaking in her pants.

"I have to go out of this fucking bus, I'm not gonna pee myself on this seat, please help me find some place to pee" she said to Diane.

"But there is no place you can go without getting seen, Nicole!"

"You have to hold it a bit longer, maybe the jam end in a few minutes"

"Oh it hurts so bad, I have to pee" she whispered to Diane.

Madlen was standing behind Arthur as he released his pee onto the grass. Suddenly she felt also a twinge in her bladder and crossed her legs casually. Hopefully the jam had an end in the next time she thought and pulled Arthurs pants back up again. He want to stay outside longer so she stayed with him.

15 more minutes passed. Meanwhile the woman from the couple was standing outside too. Some cars had turned around an were gone but the bus was too big for that.

Nina struggled with her bladder more than ever. She didn't dare to press a hand between her legs with the man sitting next to her, even she thought he was not looking. But without her hand she was wriggling in her seat like a little girl. Wave after wave of desperation were hitting her body and she changed between all sitting positions frequently.

Again she pushed her right hand under her butt and squeezed her crotch as good as possible. She pressed her butt hard against the seat and her hand, bending her body forward. And then it happened again. Her sphincter relaxed for a moment and this time a more substantial spray maybe 3 or 4 seconds long forced its way into her panties with a hearable hiss. This time it was too much to get absorbed by her panties and she could feel how her fingertips got wet from her warm pee spraying through panties and pantyhose soaking into the medium blue cushion of the bus seat.

She moaned and took her hand away, nervously looking around if anyone had noticed her strange behaviour. The man was again playing with his phone. She saw the two girls in front of her talking together although at least one of them was in constant motion and very agitated.

She wanted more than anything to continue peeing, even just one more tiny squirt but she didn't dare.

It was nearly one and a half hour after the bus came to a stop. Since the last ten minutes Nicole was sitting with her hand permanently pressed in her crotch with crossed legs. Although Diane was very aware of her situation, she used her other hand to cover her crotch holding as good as possible. She was holding out much longer as she ever thought she could. But it was a hot day and she drank so much during the morning.

Nicole was on the verge of tears, all she wants to do was reliefing herself without peeing in her pants. This was so embarrassing, until today she never saw a girl peeing her pants at her age.

"Oh fuck, I can't take it any longer, I almost wetting myself. I have to go out to pee "

END Part 3

The place with the radio tower is hard to explain, a picture should help you to imagine where the bus was standing (this is the original place where the bus was standing in my sighting which gave me the idea to this story)

$$

*011*2018-09-17 11:35

Part 4

Normally peeing outside was not a problem for her, she already did this a few times in the past if she had no chance for a toilet, but not on broad daylight with nearly no cover and with strangers around. But at the end everything was better then coming home with soaking wet shorts.

"But where do you want to go?" Diane asked her.

"I dont know, let us go there" she said pointing in the direction of the radio tower.

"Would you give me some cover please?" she begged on the verge of tears.

Of course Diane agreed but her ability to covering her friend was very limited. She had no jacket or something with her, to shield her friend.

Nicole gave her pussy a last squeeze through her shorts, opened her legs and breathed heavily and said: "Okay, lets go"

Right as Diane was out of the way, Nicole got up too. The moment she was standing in the aisle, she felt like she was peeing herself right there. She crossed her legs very hard but couldnt stand straight. She had to stop at the back door to regain control, but she was too pride to use her hand. Looking up, she saw a man and a girl from the backside of the bus looking to her. She blushed but regained control and climbed out of the bus.

Looking around she saw a few people standing outside the bus. A few more were standing beside the cars which were trapped in the jam. She saw the man from the bus getting out too behind her.

Nicole had no time to waste, not opening her legs too much, she walked up the gateway to the fence from the radio tower. With her back to the people behind her she she was holding herself again immediately.

They reached the part of the fence where the door was. Nicole looked back to the street and saw the line of cars and some people standing on the street. She was in sight of a few people but she had no other chioce as to squat there or she would pee herself.

She stood with her back against the fence and opened the zipper of her shorts with trembling fingers. Diane positioned herself in front of Nicole to gave her some cover.

Nicole pulled her shorts together with her panties down and squatted. Right at this moment she relaxed her muscles and her pee hissed out onto the tarmac. She had to change her position because her pee shot out with such a force her shoes and ankles got wet. Even Diane had to step a meter away from her not to get wet too. Although she did not want to look, she turned around and got a climpse of Diane.

Seeing and heraing the strong jet of nearly transparent urine spraying out of the clean shavened pussy of her friend sending a shiver through her own body, let her be aware of her own full bladder. She crossed her legs tight and did a little curtsey.

Nicole didn't notic this, finally she could pee after such a long time of holding.She made a attemp to stop the flow to reduce the time she was exposed so much in public, but her muscles were tired from the holding and she relaxed completely. A huge puddle was forming on the tarmac when her stream weakened and what had begun like an explosion reduced to a dribble and stopped after neraly one minute.

An impressive pee puddle were expanding in front of her.

"Whow, you really had to go" Diane said, looking at the leak of pee.

"You have no idea how bad it was" answered Nicole.

She breathed deeply and pulled her panties up and then her tight shorts. She didn't think of wiping herself dry, first she had no tissue with her and was to embarassed to ask for one and secondly she was long enough exposed.

Her lower legs and her shoes were wet from the splatters, but it was warm and they schould dry immidiately.

Standing up, she adjusted herself and thanked Diane for coming with her. Nicole was not proud of what she had done but the relif felt so good and at least she didn't wet herself.

They walked back to the bus and Nicole hurried to her seat, avoiding eye contact to the people outside the bus because she felt ashamed on herself.

Diane was sitting down too again and couldn't prevent a short moan as she did and crossed her legs.

"Everything okay ?" asked Diane.

"Yea, but to be honest, seeing you pee was not so good, now I have to pee too."

"Why didn't you use the chance and go after me?"

Diane looked at her with little understanding.

"Nicole, you see I'm wearing a romper? I have to take this whole thing off to pee and I'm wearing nothing more then a bra underneath. I can't do this on that place!"

"Oh I'm sorry" Nicole said.

"It's not your fault, I simply have to hold it as long as it takes"

*016*2018-09-26 07:39

{{19 hours ago, Tensione said:

I wonder if any of the girls are going to get help with holding from another girl?

}}

Many thanks!

It is not my intention to disappoint you, but this will not be part of my story because I dont think a girl would do this in real life, sorry.

The point is, even its a fictional story, I like to make my stories as authentic as possible. I don't like staged videos for the same reason.

After reading you should be able to say, "Yes this could really have happened in real life".

(of course, the chance to have more desperate girls in a bus like this one is very low, but the single actions of the girls are believable, at least I hope so)

