Milk challenge after school

Author: Tibarary

*000*2017-09-22 07:57

Because I had some time recently, I make a try to write a story with the things I like most on this fetish. Some of it is from a true sighting (sadly with an unspectacular ending) but mixed with a fictional story line. You have to read my german school English this with a heavy german accent ;-)

Part 1

Sometimes after school, Ashley met with her friends and hang around with them near the school ground. They were a group of 4, two girls and two boys. The other girl was her friend Melissa from the same village like Ashley.

It was a Friday and the last hour was canceled and the weather was really good, so they took the chance to hang around a bit.

Without the last hour, the school ended at 13 o clock on that Friday. Sitting on a sunny bench near the school they talked about what to do, when one of the boys suggested doing a so called milk challenge. He explained what to do and although Ashley didn’t like the idea she agreed, like all others.

Ten minutes away was a small grocery store and everyone bought two one liter packets of milk.

They got back to their place but decided to find a more hidden place for the challenge. Around the school was a fence and on the backside of the building was a small foot path around the building into the wood. On the other side of the path was a slope with the back side of a few rows of garages.

At all, behind the school building on the foot path was a good location for the milk challenge. Normally Ashley and Melissa had taken the 13.30 bus, but until 17.00 a bus was coming every hour, so it was not a problem for them to wait.

All of them laid their school bags in the grass and opened the first packet.

Ashley drank the first big gulps. The milk was cold and suddenly she realized a twinge in her bladder.

She hadn’t peed since she left her house in the morning. That was not uncommon for her because she hated the school toilets and often holds it until she would be home again and more than ever on a short day like this.

But now Ashley regretted agreeing with this milk drinking thing instead of going home, even it was more a fun thing without a competitive character.

Around 40 minutes later she finished her first liter of milk. The others had more problems with the milk, burped, grimaced or simply spitted out the milk but however, they had a lot of fun.

Until that time her need to pee had grown and she had to cross her legs more often.

Next problem for her was the bus, now they missed the 14.30 bus, so the next one would be there in one hour.

As long as Ashley kept in motion, she could stand her need and it was easier for her to hold so she was walking around the place, joking and drinking.

Ashley began to wonder if one of the others had to pee too. The boys didn’t look so. Ashley remembered about how Melissa used the toilet before they left school and meanwhile she wished she had done the same.

Ashley jogged on the spot, crossed her legs, squatted down from time to time and pulled her jeans up again and again.

Time passed, her second packet was half empty and her bladder was absolutely full. She looked at her watch, it was 15.15 now and Ashley feared they would miss the 15.30 bus too. Even if they should reach that bus, it would be a painful drive for her, not to mention to wait one hour longer.

Melissa didn’t look like she would end the game now and Ashley was too shy to tell the reason why she want to go home so urgently so they kept going on.

Of course they missed the 15.30 bus and she had no other chance as to wait. The milk rushed through her very fast, her stomach was bloated and the waistband of her jeans (more like a jeggins) was cutting into her bladder. She was ready to burst and began to moan involuntarily from time to time and had problems not to hold herself with her hand but rather would die as to do this in front of the boys.

She was the one who drank the most, but enough was enough. They spilled the rest of the milk around the area and ended the game when one of the boys said

“Be right back, had to teak a leak”

“I come with you” the other one said and joined his friend. They got around the garage and were out of sight.

Oh how Ashley wished she could do the same, but she wasn’t alone and was too shy and proud to admit her need.

But now she had a few minutes to overcome her shyness and tell Melissa about her problem. She wasn’t sure if she would be able to hold back her pee much longer.

“Melissa, I feel a need to pee too, what about you?” she asked, trying her best to hide her desperation level.

“I had to pee too, but I think I can hold it until home” she said “but maybe the school is still open and we can use the toilets there?” she suggested.

*003*2017-09-25 08:51

Part 2

The boys returned right before Ashley had the chance to answer. Thank god for her, they had other plans for the evening and got their own way after saying good by to the girls, which took longer than Ashley anticipated.

Her ability to stand still slipped away. She crossed her legs and pressed her hands deep into her pockets but they were too tight to get pressure on her crotch.

She felt the urine filling and stretching her bladder more and more. She pulled her jeggins up again, deep into her crotch trying to be discrete and not drawing too much attention to herself, but she was absolute on her limit now.

She took a heart and said to Melissa without any explanation:

“Be right back, I will see if the school is open and I can use the toilet there”

“I come with you” Melissa said, with a happy tone in her voice.

Ashley tried the door knob of the school entrance but the door was already locked. She looked around for a janitor or teacher who maybe was still there but saw no one.

“Oh shit” she said, crossing her legs bending forward.

“I really need a toilet, all that milk gone straight through me.”

Although she was embarrassed in front of Melissa, but now, without the boys around us, she had the chance to talk more open to her friend because it was simply impossible to hide her need any longer.

It was around 4 pm and the girls had to wait another half hour for their bus, together with the ride home, it would be more then another hour for her before she could pee.

This was simply too long even for a girl with a strong bladder like Ashley.

She had to find a place to relief herself or she would pee her pants already before the bus was even coming Ashley thought.

She couldn’t stand still but still resisted holding herself and pee danced at the school entrance. Not knowing what to do, they walked to the bus shelter which was only a few meters away from the school.

Although there were not many people around; there was absolutely no cover near the shelter (not really a shelter, only a place to stand on the boardwalk with a bus sign). Walking had helped her a bit but standing there was a torture.

After 5 minutes waiting, her bladder pulsated like never before, wave after wave of pressure spasms appearing every few minutes, her tummy was hurting and all she wanted to do was to relax her muscles, if only for a few seconds.

Ashley marched on the spot, knotted her legs, bending forward from time to time. Her face was red from the effort of holding it for so long and her shirt was soaked with sweat.

Melissa had her legs crossed very tight too and began to fidget slightly.

“Are you okay?” she asked.

Ashley moaned involuntarily and said "Oh, fuck, I wish I'd gone after school, I’m about to piss myself, there is no way I would make it until home”.

Melissa looked at her with big eyes and asked: "What are you going to do?"

A huge spasm hit Ashley who involuntarily pressed her hand between her legs and said with a strain in her voice, “I can’t hold it any longer, I had to find a place to pee right know or it’s too late”

*006*2017-09-29 09:05

Part 3

Without wasting any more time, Ashley began to run to the nearby garages. They were built in three rows and after a block of 10 garages of each row was a gap to get to the next row.

She had to run was run with her hand between her legs, what was super embarrassing because if anyone had seen her in this state, it was obvious what she was going to do but she couldn’t care anymore.

Ashley entered the first row but saw a man with his car at the far end and a family, the next row was empty. She hobbled to the nearest gap between the garages, and this was it.

Ashley looked around and saw no other people at the moment, but even with people around, her sphincter was too tired to hold back the flood of urine inside her young body. She managed to pull down her jeggings and panties with one move in the last second before pee exploded out of her body. Feet apart she got in a deep squat and her hot, clear pee shot out in front of her with a loud hissing and hit the dirt pavement between the garages.

Ashley sighed in relief; it felt so good to let go, after hours of holding. The pressure was so high, her piss sprinkled everywhere, also on her shoes and ankles. She made a huge puddle with a trail of pee beginning to flow downwards.

Right at this moment, an older man with a dog walked along a small path below the backside of the garages and saw her squatting, letting out a torrent of piss. There was no way she could have stopped and her body relaxed completely so she simply kept going on with peeing.

Ashley was embarrassed like hell and tried to hide her face with her hands but the man said nothing and after a few second he looked away and walked away.

Finally her bladder was empty, the stream got weaker and she stood up as fast as she could without wiping herself dry. The few remaining drops on her crotch soeked in her panties but there was nothiung she could do about this. Adjusting her clothes, she checked if anything was visible on her crotch but instead of her wet ankles nothing was shown. She left the garage rows and walked back to her friend.

She saw Melissa standing with her legs crossed, slightly hunched over, squirming and fidgeting quite much. Her need to pee must be increased during the last minutes.

As Ashley joined her again she stopped with fidgeting too much.

The clock showed still 15 minutes until the arrival for the next bus.

“Feeling better” Melissa asked.

“Oh yes, you have no idea how much I needed this, I had to pee since we left the school” she blushed.

Melissa started marching on the spot and said “Oh…I really need a toilet too”.

*010*2017-10-23 12:02

First, thanks for your answers! I hope you will not be disappointed about the way the story ends.

Last part

Ten more minutes passed and Melissa’s ability to stand still slipped away. The contractions of her thighs were visible through her skintight black leggings and Ashley wondered how long her friend was able to hold it.

“God Ashely, I cant stand this any longer, I go to the garages to pee there too, please come with me and stand guard” she said.

“But what shall we do when the bus is coming right then?” Ashley asked her.

“I don’t care, I have to pee now or I’m going to wet myself”

Before Ashley could agree, a car was coming around the corner and stopped in front of the girls.

Immediately Ashley recognized her parent’s car and waved to them. Her mother opened the side window and Ashley bends down to the car.

“Hi, we can pick you up if you like; we had some shopping to do in the town and are on our way home now”

Ashley stepped back to Melissa, who tried her best to stand still, legs tightly crossed, hunched over with her knees bent.

“Is it okay for you if we drive with them, we can drop you off at your house first” Ashley asked her.

Melissa felt seconds away from leaking and all she was thinking on was finally peeing somewhere. But she also was a very shy person so she was caught in a trap with no way out.

If she would go to pee first, Ashley’s parents would ask where she was going or what she was doing. On the other way, driving home with their car would be faster than with the bus.

Without thinking further she whispered to her friend:

“God, I have to pee so bad Ashley, but I can hold it until home, but please, we have to hurry.”

Ashley nodded “I can ask my father if he knows somewhere to stop for a toilet break if you like”

It was a small town in a very rural area, Ashley had no idea where a public toilet could be, but maybe her father had an idea.

“No, please no” Melissa begged her “I will make it until home, it’s not such a long way and I feel a bit embarrassed in front of your parents if they would know I had to pee that bad”

They got in the car and sitting down caused a silent moan escaping from Melissa’s mouth.

She tried to find a comfortable position but every move she made, made her need worse. The next minutes nobody said a word but Melissa was squirming in her seat constantly, she crossed her legs, but only a few seconds because this put extra pressure on her bladder.

After that, she opened and closed her legs rhythmically faster and faster, but nothing seems to help. She was bending her body forward and took a hand between her legs on her thigh, not holding her crotch completely, but high enough her thumb reached between her legs. The car was not a big one and neither her father, nor her mother could see what she was doing if they would not turn around their heads.

Five minutes after they started, her mother asked:

“Ah girls, we had forget something to buy, would it be a problem if me make a short stop at the supermarket, you can wait in the car or join us”

Ashley and Melissa know that there were no public toilets available at this small super market, what make the answer not easy but Ashley said:

“I think its better you drive us home first, we have to do some really difficult homework and it’s already late and Melissa don’t feel very well”

Melissa looked at her, shaking her head and suddenly said to Ashley’s surprise:

“No its okay, I feel good, of course you can buy your things first”

Ashley looked at her in amazement and whispered.

“Why are you saying this?”

“I don’t know it’s so embarrassing” Melissa whispered back and spread her legs wide and put her hand between them, grabbing her crotch and closed her thighs tight around it rocking back and forth in the seat. Although Ashley was looking at her, her hand stayed there.

She was bouncing and squirming so badly in her seat, it was a wonder Ashley’s parents didn’t notice this.

Finally they reached the parking lot of the super market and parked the car.

“Would you like to come with us or stay in the car” Ashley’s mother asked.

“We stay here” she answered and her parents left them alone.

The moment, the doors closed Melissa nearly started to cry.

“I can’t hold it longer, I’m peeing myself the next minute, please help me”

Ashley thought about what to do and finally said.

“Okay, look, all what you can do is to pee between our car and the other one, right now”

Melissa’s whole body was trembling and shaking she moaned again holding herself permanently.

“No, it’s to public here and what if your parents are coming back” Melissa whimpered.

“Your choice” Ashley said to her.

But not 5 minutes later, a huge wave hit Melissa’s body and she was pulling and rubbing on her crotch furiously, pressing air through her teeth’s.

“Oh god, I’m seriously about to pee myself. I have to go out now or I am wetting the car seat. I have to pee next to the car, please stand guard, Ash”

She removed the hand holding her crotch, opened the door and stepped out. Ashley stepped out too and walked around the car on Melissa’s side as fast as she could.

Ashley thought it would be the best to open the driver’s car door too, so Melissa could squat between the two doors. Ashley prayed that nobody was walking by or the car owner of the car next to them or her parents wouldn’t come until Melissa was ready with her pee.

But it was over, Melissa had no time to go between the doors or look around if anyone was nearby, the moment she was out of the back seat, her body was giving up and she tore down her pants with shaking hands. Unfortunately for her, her panties stayed in position and she had to pull them down secondary, but she was not in a proper squatting position yet, a loud hiss filled her panties with warm pee which immediately dribbled through them. She steadied herself and yanked her panties down too.

Her nearly clear pee hissed out of her with such strength, it splattered every ware. The young girl groaned out loudly, her face red like fire. There were people walking around the parking lot, but in a good distance, so Melissa had a bit of privacy. Ashley stood in front of her to cover the open side but she couldn’t look away. She noticed the wetness in the crotch of her friends black panties and felt embarrassed for her and thought about what she could do to help her.

The puddle she made was already huge and pee was still flooding out of her. Finally her stream stopped and before Ashley could offer her a tissue, she pulled up her soaked panties and her leggings as fast as she had pulled them down.

Melissa stepped out of the puddle, calmed down a bit and looked down ashamed, her face still red.

“Do you see how bad it is visible on my pants”, she asked her friend, looking down at her crotch and ass.

Melissa was not a super thin girl and her leggings showed her female curves and thighs very nice. The leggings didn’t absorb a lot, but beside a darker, hand size shade in her crotch, spreading up her ass, the wetness was only visible if you look close to her.

Both girls got back in the car. Melissa didn’t care about the seat, or was too embarrassed to mention it.

Both girls calmed down more and more and sarted talking about normal things as if nothing had happened.

It took another quarter of an hour until her parents came back. Al least her father must have notice the huge puddle beside the car, he didn’t say anything.

First they drove to Melissa's home, said goodbye to her, and she got out and walked to her front door. Nothing was visible on the car seat but the material was very dark and as Ashley felt with her hand over the seat, she could feel the warm moisture where Melissa said.

After that, they drove home and Ashley felt the need to pee again, no wonder how much she had drank earlier.

*014*2017-10-26 16:04

Thanks to all of you! Maybe I will write another one if I will find the time.

