The Ealdorman`s Family: Medieval `remedies` for ailing bladders (a prequel)

Author: themerger

*000*2023-08-24 03:17

Hey folks!

This is a follow-up to the historical fiction story I wrote earlier this month. I featured the characters from that story, but introduced some physicians who attempt to treat the family's bedwetting issues. I had a great time researching this and am so thankful to live in a time of modern medicine! This is a prequel save some minor events that take place after the first story. For the first story take a look here:

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/91432-the-ealdormans-family-a-tale-of-wayward-herbcraft/#comment-2098726

###

CW: Description of animal parts (organs, limbs, etc.) used for medieval oral medicines

Aelfwynn giggled as she finished the final stitch in her brother’s gift. She knew that presenting it to him would conjure myriad feelings. Ceolwulf would be scornful at first but ultimately appreciative, just as she felt her own intentions behind making the linen nappy were both jocose and nurturing.

Aelfwynn thought to herself, “If Ceolwulf can’t keep the ale from running right through him, this might as well keep his bed a little dry.”

As she worked on the diaper, Aelfwynn reflected on the memories of struggle and backhanded camaraderie she shared with her brother. As young children, they seldom spared opportunities to chastise each other for their respective bladder woes. Although they both wet the bed almost every night until adolescence and could quietly empathize, they would often celebrate their own dry nights by teasing the other who wasn’t as fortunate. This ‘give and take’ (along with numerous accidents) persisted well into their young adulthood.

The most embarrassing moment Aelfwynn recalled as she stitched was two years prior when she had foraged for herbs and mushrooms in the late Summer. She had been so exhausted from her poor sleep the night before that she set her basket down and sat against a tree for a quick nap. She stretched her legs out and placed her hands between them before letting the weight of her eyes drop. The sound of the river quickly soothed her into a pleasant sleep.

After an indeterminable time, Aelfwynn arose and walked to the edge of the river. She knelt and placed both hands in the gently flowing stream. It felt so invigorating in the August heat. She then stood up, lifted her chemise and over dress with both hands and walked into the shallow water. Though she only walked in up to her ankles, she felt a coolness spread throughout her entire body. Although public bathing was not uncouth, she felt a strong urge to sit on the river bed with all of her clothes on. Facing downstream she sat on the riverbed and felt the unique sensation of her clothes absorbing the water. She found the spreading wetness around her lower half to be arousing as the river pushed against her lower back. Given how cool the water had felt initially, she was surprised that her groin and thighs felt warm, almost like-

“Oh no,” Aelfwynn thought as her eyes popped open. She quickly removed her hands from her now wet crotch as if to catch herself from falling, even though she remained sitting against the tree. She didn’t need her hands to feel the dampness beneath her.

“Oh no, no, no, no, NO!” she thought loudly to herself. Using both of her hands she stood up and felt the mixture of urine and soil from where she sat against her backside. She had soaked her dress down to the back of her calves. The front of her dress also displayed a telltale patch as the weight of her hands had pressed her dress into her crotch. She groaned as she angrily picked up her basket and turned to leave. As she turned in the direction of home, she suddenly came face to face with Ceolwulf.

“BOO!” he said. Aelfwynn gave a start and released what must have been the last spurt of urine left in her bladder.

“Mum’s looking for you,” Ceolwulf began. “What happened here?” he continued gesturing towards the wet patch on her groin.

“Nothing”, Aelfwynn snarled as she marched past Ceolwulf, positioning her basket somewhat awkwardly behind her.

“Did you squat and piss through your dress? Your bum is soaked!” Ceolwulf cackled.

“Not another word!” Aelfwynn called as she walked on without turning to face him.

'Why is he like this?' Aelfwynn thought to herself. She never had this dynamic with her older sister. Cora always seemed so poised when handling her own bladder issues while offering patience in equal measure to her younger siblings. Aelfwynn knew Cora still grappled with shame, but couldn’t help envying the elder daughter’s ability to mask it with the utmost grace. Perhaps through mutual teasing, her and Ceolwulf had simply been trying to recover the self-respect that they lost and cautiously regained night after night.

Thus, on the day her family was to meet the king, Aelfwynn’s inner child felt a pang of vindication as she hurled the diaper at Ceolwulf. She hadn’t expected her brother to be naked, but that just made her and Cora laugh harder as they scurried away from his window. Save their cloaks, the girls were already dressed for their visit to the mint. The horses were readied early, which allowed Bronwynn’s two sons to assist Ceolwulf with his sodden mattress as he groggily dressed himself. Cora felt a twinge of regret after taking part in Aelfwynn’s shaming of their younger brother. She knew that as the ealdorman’s son, he felt excessive pressure to dignify the family name and commit himself to a judicious public life. The prevailing hope was that he could succeed his father as a capable leader whose prowess would overshadow the family's hereditary condition.

Cora felt especially sympathetic that her brother had experienced more unpleasantness at the hands of the local leeches than even she had. These physicians, whose common name referenced their hallmark remedy, were a wily, learned bunch from the nearby abbey. They were renowned for successfully treating patients with practices pioneered by the ancient Greeks and Romans along with what they called ‘the divine secrets of Byzantium’. Although some abbots would have been scandalized by the use of such practices, the head of the Warwick physicians saw no issue with newer ‘Christian studies of the humors.’

Cora never forgot the first time she met her first leech. She was 12 years old when her parents made the first of many desperate attempts to seek advanced remedies for her and her siblings’ bedwetting.

“You see, sir, with relation to the humors women are colder and thus wetter, while men are warmer and often more dry. Study of the temperaments prove that women are more prone to infections of the urine and unable to retain their water,” the aging leech said facing the ealdorman. “May I ask, seeing as you have servants in the home, would you call your daughter a layabout?”

Cora’s mother, Glyda, held a stony expression as she responded, “I make sure my daughter tends to all of her chores daily. She always helps with the other children as well, seldom with any prompting or complaining. Do you suppose it is our rearing that causes Cora’s bladder to fail at night?”

“No, no, forgive me. I am sure she does everything she’s told,” the leech responded with an elongated ‘e’ at the beginning of ‘everything’ and an overzealous smile directed at Cora. “Never forget, however, that sloth does weaken the bladder. It can change the urine to an unhealthy color and impart a very peculiar flavor.”

Cora had seen urine used to treat wounds, prepare leathers, and keep animals out of the garden, but she was absolutely perplexed and repulsed as the leech described urine’s relative flavors.

“Well my advice then would be to avoid water before bed, no sour-tasting food or drink, and very little time immersed in water. Bathing with a warm, wet cloth is sufficient.”

“What about swimming in the river?” Cora asked. “I love swimming with friends and it keeps us cool when we work outdoors.”

“No more than five minutes of swimming each day. You see it’s not just women with cold and wet temperaments, but even fishermen display them as well. The water does something to your body, for it was writ by Galen himself.”

Glyda seemed skeptical. “What about dandelion? My mother would give us dandelion tea to help void bad urine.”

“Perhaps that is worth a try, but not too much, especially not before bed,” the doctor replied. “Oh and don’t forget Pliny’s powder as well.”

The ealdorman made an affirming hum. “I know the stuff. My mother often prepared it for me as a child. I can’t say it did all that much. But it was easier to stomach than the goat bladder.”

“Ah you must simply increase the amount then,” the doctor remarked. “Add a dash of powder to all of your children’s food and drink if you can afford it. You should see results in due course.”

“Do you speak of charred swine?” Glyda asked.

“You know of it? It’s truly remarkable! Pliny the Elder used it for those who cannot hold their urine, whether it be by day or by night. However, you must char the legs AND the claws. Grind them down and you have your cure.”

“I’ll ask Bronwynn to send her boys to the woods. I’m sure they’ll fetch a boar before nightfall,” Glyda said as she left the room.

Of course, whether they corresponded with such treatments or not, all of the ealdorman’s children had their share of dry spells. Sometimes they seemed like flukes that occurred well after treatments had been discontinued. Their mother Glyda continued to put faith in her mother’s remedies, which to the entire family seemed to be the most effective. However, of all the children Ceolwulf experienced dry nights the least. Although Aelfwynn seemed to struggle just as much, Ceolwulf’s condition was deemed worse. Since he was ‘wetter’ and ‘colder’ than men ought to be by the leeches’ standards, he was prescribed the most questionable treatment.

“And how fresh must the brain be?” the ealdorman asked.

“Very fresh, sir!” the young leech replied gleefully. “Sextus Placitus recommends that the hare’s brain still be warm when added to the wine. Once the brain cools, discard it and give the wine to the child.”

Ceolwulf was nauseous just thinking about the process. He had helped prepare wild game to be used in the kitchen countless times, but he had always been taught that the brain was immediately discarded along with other entrails. The thought that wine would be tainted in such a way seemed too foul to comprehend. Cora remembers hearing the 14 year old Ceolwulf pleading with their parents, “I promise I’ll try harder to keep my bed dry. I’ll drink less during the day. I won’t swim anymore. I’ll even keep a cockerel in my room to wake me at all hours.” Both the ealdorman and Glyda rolled their eyes and sighed at this last suggestion.

Cora, who even now at 18 years old was having her fair share of wet nights, intervened, “What if I drank it first, Ceolwulf? Would you feel better about trying it then?” She felt a nervous twinge in her bladder even though she had made the suggestion herself.

Ceolwulf was in awe over Cora’s bold willingness to accept the leech’s treatment. Clearly scandalized Ceolwulf stammered, “Uh- I mean- that’s not- uh- I mean- no. No! I can do this. In fact, I’ll trap that hare and take it’s brain myself. No one in the room had anticipated Ceolwulf’s sudden determination and all but the leech doubted that he would follow through with his plan.

“Splendid!” the leech exclaimed. “This heady brew will right your body, my boy. Trust me!”

Before procuring the necessary ingredients, the young leech also insisted that Ceolwulf partake in a healing ritual. The leech turned to Cora, “My dear, would you please go to your stables and capture a dung beetle for me?” Cora seemed perplexed by the request and looked at both of her parents. They looked back at her and the ealdorman nodded silently. Cora sighed as she turned and left the room.

Upon leaving the house, she felt another twinge in her bladder. She realized that what she thought was just nerves earlier had actually been a sign of desperation. Ever since her recent bout of ‘elfshot’* she found it very hard to hold for more than a few minutes after the first sign of desperation. With a task at hand, she didn’t want to tarry and quickened her pace to the stable. She stood between two horses and glanced around to make sure she was alone.

Before she could fully assess her surroundings, her bladder gave out and a steady trickle of urine hit the straw-laden ground beneath her and gently splashed against her bare feet. Rather than squatting, Cora simply lifted her chemise and over dress to waist level so that the ensuing stream wouldn’t mark her clothes. She released a powerful stream for about 15 seconds when she suddenly heard the approach of a horse. As the stream became less intense she slowly lowered her dress and positioned her hips back so that most of what was left in her bladder landed at her feet, though the repositioning caused some warm rivulets to course down her legs.

Cora put her hands on her hips as she saw Bronwynn’s eldest son, Ronan, dismount from his horse, clearly preoccupied with removing the small boar that seemed to have nearly fallen off in transit.

Though it didn’t seem like he had seen her, Cora felt compelled to make her presence known, so she didn’t cause alarm if he were to turn and see her standing there. As she pushed out the last few spurts of urine onto her feet, she asked in an uncharacteristically curt tone, “Good hunt?”

“Aye”, Ronan replied. “Barely had time to fasten the beast on before a couple hungry looking rogues came looking for a free meal.”

As the last few drops escaped her, Cora replied, “I will offer my thanks to God for your safe return today.”

“Thank you, m’lady. I do feel blessed to be back and still among the breathing.” Ronan replied as he removed the boar from the back of his horse and walked towards the back of the house where wild game was prepared.

Cora noticed that the cloth between Ronan’s legs looked damp down past his knees, though she assumed that it was just excessive sweat. Once she regained focus she set about finding that beetle the leech had requested.

After 10 minutes or so, Cora came back into the room with a small beetle in hand and gave it to the leech as Aelfwynn trotted in behind her. Having just seen Cora scrounging in the stables for a beetle, Aelfwynn thought this ritual would be something interesting to observe.

“Thank you, Cora. Now please join hands together in prayer as the lord works through me.” Ceolwulf laid down on his bed, which smelled of both sage and urine, and the leech placed the tip of his ring finger upon his patient’s bladder. The leech closed his eyes and threw the dung beetle over his shoulder before uttering in a low, crescendoing voice:

“Remedium facio ad vesicae defectum!”

Everyone remained still for about 15 seconds, when the leech finally moved. “Now Ceolwulf,” the leech began, “you have a hare to find.”

Cora wasn’t sure if she had actually planned on drinking any of what she felt to be a truly bizarre potion. She certainly hadn’t expected her encouraging words to work so well. After Glyda prepared the brew, Ceolwulf did not object or complain; he was very surprised that he managed to keep any of the wine down. Although the children had been privy to countless Saxon healing rituals before, the inclusion of the ‘communion wine’, as the family jokingly called it, was certainly different. What was even more surprising about the whole affair was Ceolwulf’s subsequent dry spell. 99 consecutive dry nights, the longest he had ever gone without wetting the bed up to that point.

Ceolwulf teased Aelfwynn consistently for wetting the bed during his dry spell. However, she remained far less bothered than usual as she routinely rebutted, “You can keep your harebrained ideas to yourself”. Cora never knew why Ceolwulf started wetting the bed again, but she had a feeling that Aelfwynn (and maybe a pot of warm water) had something to do with it.

“Did it fit?” Aelfwynn asked from atop her horse as Ceolwulf mounted his steed.

“I have no cause to wear that thing” Ceolwulf muttered.

Even Cora snickered at Ceolwulf’s prideful remark. The ealdorman shot her a look as he rode past them both. “We will keep ALL private matters out of earshot today. Do you understand?”

“Yes, father,” the three adult children said hollowly.

“Oh now don’t be sullen. This will be a day of jubilation and merrymaking, just with the utmost dignity and respect of course,” the ealdorman insisted.

With that, the family and their escorts rode on to the royal mint.

###

Stay tuned for the actual sequel!

*Elfshot is technically ureteric colic. Saxons believed it was the result of an arrow shot by elves into the groin of an unsuspecting human. This was apparently treated with magic charms. Here I am referring to a less severe urinary tract infection as ‘elfshot’.

Sources:

%https://www.baus.org.uk/museum/80/the_dark_ages

%https://journals.sbmu.ac.ir/urolj/index.php/uj/article/view/2842/1005

%https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4410439/

%https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK540246/

