A Very 2020 Vacation

Author: TrailRunner

*009*2022-03-25 19:15

After all this time I finally have a new chapter. It's short but I hope you enjoy it.

II

They pulled into the driveway of their rental house just as the sun was beginning to set. Zoe was the first to click her setbelt off and exit the car, walking around to the back as her dad opened the trunk from up front.

She grabbed a plastic bag and even though it was double-wrapped she detected the faint odor of her wet leggings and underwear inside. Zoe would've been happy to throw them away at the rest stop the same way she wanted to throw away the memory, but both lived on. At the very least, she would be the one to bring them inside and get them in the washing machine.

Her bladder felt full again but she knew it really wasn't. After the torture she'd put it through earlier in the day it seemed to be broken, confused. They'd stopped for dinner right after crossing onto the Outer Banks, a small roadside spot with picnic table seating. In between placing her order and picking it up, Zoe felt a rush of desperation and booked it for the porta-potty where she sat and peed for all of about 15 seconds, if that.

More than anything, that was the feeling that occupied her most on the second half of the drive. She was embarrassed, she was shocked, and from time to time her thoughts drifted to the absurdity of it all and she found it darkly funny, but most of all she felt... rattled. Let down by her body. Like she'd failed.

For as bad as she'd needed to go she had made it to the stop, to the first bathroom line, then across the parking lot to the shorter second line. She'd done all of that without letting a drop loose. And then her senses overrode everything else. First the mere sight of the toilet sending those first gushes into her underwear, and then hearing the mother scold that poor girl she'd let go ahead of her had severed the last thread holding on and sent it all torrenting out.

No matter how hard she tried she couldn't make it stop. The best she could do was slow it for a few seconds before the tsunami resumed. That was the part that really ate at her: that she was putting all her energy into making it stop but her leggings got wetter and wetter. And that all the agony she'd been through had been for nothing. Her good deed hadn't even saved the girl in front of her although that one seemed quite a bit smaller with no stain on her shorts.

She felt content with her decision to let them cut ahead, but daydreamed about the alternate universe where her selflessness was rewarded and she'd have saved them both from having an accident. It was hard not to feel defeated by reality.

All of which was to say that she knew that the small soda she'd had with dinner was not cause for her bladder to be bursting now. She threw her duffle bag over her shoulder and carried the plastic bag with her pee-soaked clothes in her hand, away from her body. She stopped at the front door, waited for her mom to punch in the door code, and entered to immediately look for the laundy room.

After a few false starts she found it. She opened the bag, getting hit with the full smell of her drenched leggings and underwear before dumping them into the machine. She threw in a detergent pouch and hit start. The machine whirred into action and began whooshing as it filled with water. Zoe heard it and felt her bladder pounding and pleading for relief. She shook her head and rolled her eyes, wondering how long the simple sound of running water would cause such trouble.

She knew it had to be a false alarm but that didn't make it feel any less real. She pushed her thighs together and stood in front of the machine for a moment longer, making sure it seemed to be working properly. A tremor washed over her and made her buckle at the knees.

"Did you start the machine with only two things in it?" Her mom had heard the noise and came over.

Zoe steeled herself, determined not to give anything away. Her mom seeing her stood frozen except for a river of pee engulfing her leggings and the ever-so-helpful "you really should have asked to go sooner" talk her was enough for several lifetimes.

"Uh, yeah?"

"That's wasteful, Zoe."

"Mom, it... it smelled pretty bad. And there's nothing else that needs to be washed."

Her mom paused. "I suppose so. I still can't believe you..."

Zoe turned away before her face could turn red again.

"Well maybe you should go pee now, just to be safe," her mom said.

Zoe clenched her fists for a moment. She wanted to turn back and tell her mom that, no, actually, she did NOT need reminders about when to go to the bathroom and that in spite of what happened this afternoon it wasn't something she ever needed to bring up again. But the bigger urge was to get to the bathroom and pee, even if it was only for another 15 seconds. So instead she started walking away, feeling the burn in her thighs with every stop.

She walked back through the kitchen and saw what she figured was the bathroom, but of course the door was closed. Of course, she thought. Somehow she was feeling utterly desperate to pee again. This wasn't as bad as at the rest stop but she was really starting to feel sick of it. Before she could think about going upstairs to look for an open bathroom, she heard the toilet flush.

The sink started running and Zoe had to grab herself as she felt her bladder trying to contract and squeeze it all out of her. This is so stupid, she thought, this is all just some dumb trick my body is playing. She tried to convince herself: I don't have to pee, I don't have to pee, I don't have to pee. But her body wasn't buying it, and she still had her hand between her legs as her brother opened the door.

Zoe avoided eye contact as she rushed in, lowered theseat, pulled her shorts and underwear down and sat. She let out a moan of relief as she relaxed and let a forceful stream of pee splash to the water below.

She ripped off some toilet paper in anticipation of a quick trip but it just kept going and flowing. Thirty seconds passed and it was still coming out as vigorous as at the start. I guess I really did have to go, she thought. Forty five seconds, then fifty seconds and finally it began to slow to a trickle before stopping at around a minute.

Zoe wiped herself and shook her head. She felt like a stranger in her own skin, like her brain was speaking one language and her body was speaking another. As she pulled up her shorts and flushed the toilet, she closed her eyes and wished that she could transport herself back to this morning, before this day had started. She opened her eyes. No luck.

*015*2022-03-27 15:55

{{On 3/26/2022 at 1:03 AM, SM15 said:

Another great chapter, you should definitely continue this story if you have more ideas.

}}

Thanks! I have a few ideas but I'm also open to suggestions. That way perhaps the next chapter won't take a year to write. If anyone has one they can either post here or message me directly.

*020*2022-04-08 19:03

Here it is, part 3. I'm happy with how it turned out and had a lot of fun writing it. Comments and suggestions are welcomed and encouraged! They help provide motivation and a spark of creativity when the words aren't flowing easily. Enjoy 🙂

***

Erin Crosby pulled into the parking space a few minutes early. Enough time to freshen up just a bit. She flipped open the vanity mirror. Two cups of coffee earlier took care of the bags under her eyes and even into her forties her face retained much of the youthful sheen. That was a bit at odds with the gray hairs she was spotting more of each day amongst the light brown.

Her hairdresser closed during the early days of the pandemic and she'd gotten used to her hair without highlights. She preferred to keep it shorter but without a cut it now swept against her shoulders. She ran a brush through it to tame the waviness best she could, then dabbed on a light layer of foundation and pulled out her mascara but paused. She needed to be set up outside shortly and wanted to grab another cup for the meeting first.

Erin went in and took a look around the bakery. This is what she wanted. The shop couldn't have been much bigger than the one she ran back home but the layout was organized, purposeful. The line flowed well and the employees didn't seem cramped behind the counter. The signage was clear and aesthetically pleasing. And most importantly there was a true coffee bar with plenty of bells and whistles. She ordered a cup and admired the store's features while it was made.

The one thing she didn't see was a bathroom. She hadn't even purposefully been looking, but it was a natural reaction to her growing need from the two mugs she'd drank before coming here. The lack of a facility wasn't a shock: her shop back home had only a tiny bathroom for use by employees and the rare customer with no choice but to shyly inquire.

She checked her watch: 7:58. Even if her urge to pee had been great enough to ask, then she might be a minute or two late. Not a good look. It wasn't that urgent anyway. Her coffee was ready about thirty seconds later and she took it outside, lowered her mask and took a sip. Ahhhhhh.

She took a seat at a table outside, adjusting the chair so the glint off the ocean didn't shine directly in her hazel eyes. She smoothed her black sleeveless blouse and tugged at her gray pants while most other patrons were either already in their swimsuits for the day or still in their pajamas. Business casual at the beach was a tricky look, especially since Erin was used to working in jeans. The pants fit tighter than she'd remembered, stretching taut around her thighs and butt.

"Erin?"

She perked her head up and then stood up to greet the older woman, who was half a foot shorter than her but carried herself confidently. Erin was privileged enough to take her family here for a week; this other woman looked privileged enough to spend the whole summer. Guess that's why I'm asking her for money and not the other way around, Erin thought. The woman held out her hand, then drew it back.

"Sorry," she said. "I never know how to greet people these days, you know? No handshake, but you're okay with masks off?"

"Yeah, sounds good," Erin replied with a smile. "Thanks so much for meeting me, Mrs. Delhagen."

"Oh, please, Cheryl is fine." She motioned for both to sit. "I'm glad you could take some time out of your vacation."

Erin sat and crossed her legs to quell the sloshing about in the her bladder. "I've got three teenagers who love to sleep. I'll probably be back before any of them even wake up."

They each chuckled. "So," Cheryl started. "Howard told me a bit about you and your plans for opening up a new shop but we mostly ended up talking about the old days back in New York. So maybe start from the beginning?"

"Of course," Erin said. She took another long sip of her latte and cleared her throat. "So I started working at his shop when I was 15 doing, like, the rolling and the boiling and the baking of the bagels. After a while he started trusting me to mix the batches, too. So I worked there in high school and then in summers during college doing all that and running the register, whatever he needed."

"And you liked it and decided to stay on?"

"Well, after I graduated I went to work at an accounting firm and I hated it. The only good thing was I met my husband there. He can sit at a computer all day and play with numbers but it wasn't for me. So I quit and Howard hired me back at the bagel shop again... temporarily, I thought, but I was really happy there and then I got engaged and married and started our family and I never felt like I wanted to do anything else."

Erin raised her cup to her mouth again and took a big sip, uncrossing her legs and then re-crossing with the left one on top. The two mugs she'd drank at home were running through her, and this would be sure to follow.

Cheryl nodded, and Erin continued. "So, like, five or six years ago Howard started taking more time away from the shop and I was basically running it. Overseeing everything, hiring some new people, plus still getting there at 4:00 to roll the bagels if I needed to. Then three years ago he wanted to sell it and retire. He really wanted me and my husband to buy it. We were sort of on the fence with the money but he found a way to give us a pretty good deal and make it work, so... we went for it."

"And your husband also works there now, then?"

"Not in the shop, no. He just does the accounting. So the LLC is both of us, but I'm the one managing the day-to-day operations."

"I see. So walk me through what you've done since taking over."

"Oh, lots!" Erin said. "Well, I kept the bagel recipe the same -- that was a stipulation of Howard's but I would have done that anyway. But I expanded the menu a bit to include some pastries... some recipes I made with my mom growing up, some newer ones. It's the same as the bagels, always made fresh with high-quality ingredients. I, uh, changed the name, too," she added. She swallowed and sat up in her seat, studying Cheryl's face. Her bladder twinged as it continued to fill up and the caffeine worked its magic.

"Oh?"

"Yeah. Everything up there is Howard's Bagels or Cramer's Bagels or whatever... I wanted something a little more, uh, unique. So we're now The So-So Dough Co. It's silly, I know, but it sticks in people's heads and helps us stand out a little bit more, I think. The whole point is it's better than just 'so-so.' Plus we don't only do bagels now."

Her eyes widened and a few butterflies frolicked in her stomach as she looked up. This was the wildcard of the investment pitch. She hoped Cheryl wouldn't think that she was trying to throw out her old friend's legacy by removing his name or anything like that. Cheryl wrinkled her brow and rocked her head side to side, chewing it over, which left Erin to deal with the rising tide inside her. She reached for her coffee out of anxiety and downed the last gulp even as she was thinking that was the last thing she needed. Her need to pee was becoming something she couldn't ignore.

Finally Cheryl spoke. "You know, I love it," she said, and beamed at Erin. "One thing I look for when making these investments is someone who makes it their own, you know? Like this place..." she gestured to the shop they were sitting outside. "Five years ago it was a little dirty roadside shack. But this couple was retiring from Vermont and they'd always dreamed of running a bakery and they had a vision that called to me to help make it come to life. If I wanted same-old I could just franchise an Auntie Anne's, you know? But this place..."

"It's wonderful."

"It really is, and it's because they... have you had the iced maple latte?"

"No," Erin said.

"Oh, you've got to try it. Hold on." Cheryl pushed her chair back, stood up, and headed inside.

Erin sighed and lifted her butt off the chair to tug at her pants again. She wished they didn't cling so tightly as the discomfort of her swelling bladder persisted. Her mind jumped back to yesterday and the memory of her daughter Zoe growing more and more desperate in the back seat as they inched through the traffic. The possibility that Zoe wouldn't be able to hold it never crossed Erin's mind until the moment she walked up on her in the line for the bathroom sending a flood of hot pee into her purple leggings and out onto the floor.

Aside from the occasional violent sneeze or coughing fit that shook a few drops loose, Erin couldn't fathom something like that happening. Even on those days in the shop when she was stuck baking the bagels and running the register while her bladder howled, when the line of customers never ended and she couldn't take a toilet break, on the days when all of that was happening and she was teaching some ditzy teenager how to work the kettle, stuck staring at the giant vat of water while a roaring ocean of pee inside her begged for relief... she always found a way to hold it.

Erin wasn't bursting at the seams like that now but her coffee and caffeine addiction had its drawbacks. One cup was mandatory for her to even wake up, and she'd drank the second one to be sure she was sharp for this informal investment meeting. Those had filled her bladder and created this pressure between her thighs that was now constant and stronger by the minute. Plus the one she'd had here and now...

Cheryl put another cup down on the table, a size larger than the empty one Erin had already finished. "You have to try this," Cheryl said, sipping on her own.

Erin hesitated for just a second. It was the first law of holes: If you find yourself in a hole, stop digging. And if you're in a meeting and you have to pee, stop drinking coffee. Cheryl was looking on expectedly, though, so Erin lifted it up and took a swig. "Oh wow, that's really good!" It wasn't fake enthusiasm, the iced coffee really was that good. And it helped cool down her rising body temperature from all the holding.

"Right? And you'd never expect it, you know? Like a delicious maple latte here in North Carolina of all places. They get the real Vermont syrup delivered down here and everything. So anyway, this is the sort of thing I prefer to invest in and it seems like you think the same way, which I love. Of course, there are other considerations. How has business been with the pandemic?"

Erin kept sipping on the coffee in spite of her need. She uncrossed her thighs but kept her ankles interlaced and pushed her knees together. "Well, obviously, not great at first. Business was way down with people not going into the office but we tried to be creative. Like we started selling batches of pizza dough and, like, the idea is since you're stuck inside you can do that as a family thing instead of just ordering a pie. I've been pretty active on our Facebook page promoting stuff like that."

Cheryl nodded her head. "And that's been enough to stay afloat?"

"We also got a loan which helped with payroll. But last month was really good for us. I think we've got families who would've sent their kids to a summer camp and now suddenly have them home needing breakfast every day. Before the pandemic we mostly got people on their way to work. Since then though I've been trying to bring in other groups."

Erin reached for her coffee again and polished it off. The iced coffee was more refreshing than she'd expected and went down quickly. The twinge in her bladder had grown into more of an aching, stubbornly swelling with all she'd drank.

"And you think the time is right for a second location?"

"I do," Erin replied, stopping for a moment to unclench her jaw. "It's something we were ready for back in the winter before this all happened and the last month or two have shown it's still feasible. I actually brought..." Erin made sure to keep her thighs pinched together as she leaned over to open her bag and pull out a folder. "...these with me."

"Finances? Oh, I don't need to look at those now," Cheryl replied with a polite smile. "I figured this first meeting we'd just get to know each other and see if it's a good fit." She finished her own cup of coffee and set it down. "Say, I've got all this caffeine about to hit me, do you want to finish this up with a walk along the water?" She pushed her chair back and stood up.

Erin stood up too and winced almost -- but not entirely -- imperceptibly as the weight of her bladder shifted inside and made her tense up. She took a quick glance at her watch, then back at the shop.

"Unless you've got to go? I know you're on vacation."

"Oh, no, no, it's not a problem," Erin said. It sure seemed like Cheryl was taking a liking to her and her plans, and she was thinking this little stroll might seal the deal, or at least get the ball rolling for good. She was starting to really need to pee, though, bad enough that it was eating into her focus. But Cheryl had heard her quick assurance and already started walking toward the path along the beach, away from the bakery. Just gonna have to treat it like one of those crazy days in the shop and push through it, Erin thought.

She quickly found the slow pace of the walk maddening. When she needed to pee like this, sitting in one spot was manageable. Bouncing around like a pinball doing a million things wasn't too awful, either. But Erin found Cheryl's leasurely, meandering pace to be troublesome. Her bladder was pushing out against her skin and down against her urethra and there was nothing she could do to be rid of the feeling. What was she going to do, tell this 60 year old woman to pick up the pace?

"So do your kids work with you there?" Cheryl asked.

"No... my oldest one, Zoe, she likes baking too but the hours aren't so great. Looking back I don't know how I pulled off working there and then going to school afterwards. But she works at this ice cream place nearby in the evenings and nights. And Paige, my next oldest, we're celebrating her 16th birthday on Wednesday this week, actually. So maybe in the fall she'll look for something."

The waves crashing against the shore not far from her wasn't helping Erin's situation. She really regretted that maple latte which hadn't even started hitting her bladder yet. She knew this was going to get worse quickly.

She did her best to focus on the conversation with Cheryl, a perfectly pleasant woman who she'd ordinarily be happy to chat with forever. But the longer it went on the more she had to pee, pushing past discomfort and bordering on trouble.

Talking about her business plan was distracting but only to a certain extent. Each step seemed to increase the urge and made it that much harder to push out of her head. She daydreamed about being in her swimsuit and walking into the water where she could let it all out. That thought only made it worse.

By the time they turned back Erin felt her bladder bulging, that fourth cup now relentlessly filling it up. She did her best to maintain her composure and attitude but it was taking real work. While the waves rolled in gently, the tide was rising inside her much more rapidly, and holding all her pee back was becoming into a real battle.

They talked about possible locations for the new shop. Cheryl was happy with her return on investment from this bakery at the beach and encouraged Erin to consider something like that up north.

"If you're all about widening your range and selling, you know, all this stuff besides bagels then I think you should look at it," Cheryl said. "Families are on vacation and they'll want coffee, trust me, and their hotel or rental won't always have the right stuff."

Erin nodded in agreement. She looked off, hopeful that that were close to returning to the shop where maybe she'd be able to run in and pee. She felt like she was filled up to her limit, well past the point she'd ordinarily seek relief.

"One thing we could do," Erin began, then stopped. The impulse she was feeling, the taut stretching of her distressed bladder, was messing with her focus and she was about to spit out an idea that popped into her head three second ago. But now Cheryl was looking at her to continue.

"The towns we were talking about are like half New Yorkers and half Philadelphians. So it could be like this mix, New York style bagels and Philadelphia style soft pretzels. And of course a pork roll, egg, and cheese for the New Jerseyians."

"You call it pork roll? Our deal's off, then," Cheryl said before cracking a smile. "It'll always be Taylor Ham to me."

Erin laughed politely but even that jittered her bladder and made her cut the laugh short. An honest-to-god giggling fit might've been too much to handle.

The more they spoke the clearer the picture became in Erin's head. She'd only dabbled in making soft pretzels but was sure she could pull it off. She really could be the spot for all types of dough. She'd mastered bagel dough and pastry dough, and the pizza dough experiment was going well. Pretzel dough? Why not. Cookie dough? Let's get crazy.

Erin always liked being sociable but was finding the version of her that badly needed a bathroom break was a real chatterbox. She kept throwing ideas out and Cheryl seemed to be eating them up. The only thing holding back her unbridled enthusiasm was the demand of bladder, which was now throbbing, so full of pee it was messing with her balance just a little bit and throwing off her stride. Each time she stopped and Cheryl spoke Erin was gritting her teeth and making a great effort not to reveal her growing emergency.

At long last, the shop came back into view. It felt like this had all gone really well but it was getting harder to think about anything other than her aching desire.

"Well, I think this was great," Cheryl said. The two had returned to the parking lot and she started walking Erin to her car. "I am definitely interested in helping you open your new location. I'll give you my number and we'll get into the weeds on everything, but you can count me in."

Erin looked longily back toward the bakery. Couldn't she just pop in, ask to use the bathroom, she thought. It was a little awkward when a customer in her shop asked, but she would always let them back to use it. Of course, with COVID it'd be more awkward... And Cheryl was wrapping it up, it'd be weird to follow her back inside, right? She heard the alarm bells from her bladder loud and clear, but the triple awkwardness was too much. So instead she forced a smile.

"That sounds great! Thank you so much, Mrs. Delh, uh, Cheryl." A sharp pang pulsed from her bladder and distracted her momentarily. Maybe I should just go here after all. She looked over at the building again.

"No problem," Cheryl replied. She noticed Erin glancing over. "Is there anything else? I know you're probably ready to get back and start your vacation," she said with a smile.

"Um, no, I guess that's it. Talk to you soon!" She opened the door to the car and slid in, keeping the tension of her pelvic muscles tight the whole time.

Erin started the car and pulled out of the spot. As she waited for the cross-traffic to stop so she could get onto the road, she took a quick glimpse both ways and then in the rearview mirror where she saw Cheryl heading inside the shop, well out of earshot.

"God DAMN I have to pee!" she exclaimed. The stinging was as sharp as ever but it felt good to verbalize the main thought in her head from the past twenty minutes. Now it was the only thought. At least she no longer had to pretend to be professional about it, so she pushed down over top of her gray pants. "Ohhhhhmmmm," she moaned, finally turning onto the road. Relief was a ten minute drive up the road.

She pulled her phone out of her purse when she got to a red light and saw she had a text from her husband. The light turned green before she could read it, and she decided against trying to craft a response or calling him. Holding in a morning's worth of pee that was pleading to get out already made her a distracted driver. No need to make it worse.

Her left knee stayed glued to her right as she drove, her left foot tapping ceaselessly on the floorboard while her right foot gingerly worked the pedals. Beads of sweat dotted her brow and she gripped the steering wheel as hard as she could with both hands, stiffening every fiber she could. Her bladder felt so, so heavy in her abdomen, filled to the very brim with pee that she longed to release.

Zoe's accident popped into her head again and the mental image of her daughter peeing her pants sent a spasm through Erin's body that made her shove a hand between legs to control. I can't end up like that, she thought, I have to hold it.

It wasn't just her aching pee hole that throbbed. She felt her clit growing hard even though she was quite certain that nothing about this aroused her. But her nerves were firing and her blood was pumping and practically setting her pussy on fire.

The pangs of pressure from her bladder were relentless, pulsating like a second heart inside her. The traffic light in the distance turned from green to yellow. Erin sped up to try and beat it but she was too far away and had to hit the brake instead. She watched the cross-traffic go by and willed the light to change again. "Fuck, fuck, hurry UP!" she said out loud as her thighs bounced together.

She let out a long breath through her pursed lips as it finally turned and she was moving again. She went back to the death grip on the steering wheel, taking out all her frantic energy on the leather. "Come onnnn, hold it, hold it, hold it!" she mumbled to herself.

She started recognizing familiar features. There's that tree, there's that kayak rental spot, there's that ugly house. The thrashing was worse than ever but she'd made it to her turn, about a minute from the house. Erin had to pee SO bad she couldn't sit up straight, instead hunching over the steering wheel. "Almost there... I can hold it, I can hold it," she squeaked out.

Erin transported her mind back home, back to her bagel shop on one of those days she never had a chance for a bathroom break and she'd held it all morning long. She didn't think she'd ever been quite this desperate before but at least today she didn't have to put on a cheery, perky face for that final customer as her bladder roared for relief.

This drive down the road was that final customer, she imagined, and she was free to scrunch her face and lean over. Free to shove a hand between her jiggling legs and push back against the piercing anguish, to hold her monsoon of pee inside for just a little longer. The houses passed by in a blur until she reached theirs and zipped into the driveway.

She unclipped her seat belt and snatched her phone from the cupholder. Her bag on the passenger seat could wait. "Oh my GOD!" she wailed as she stepped out, still hunched over. It felt like her bladder was so full, so swollen that it had its own gravitation pull and that if she tried to stand up straight it would all explode out of her.

Erin stumbled up the walkway to the door. Her ears grew hot with embarrassment that her husband and kids might see her like this but she couldn't even feign composure. Her gait and her posture were a dead giveaway that she was dying to pee and that it had to be NOW.

"Oh shit, shit!" she said under her breath as she got to the door and stopped, bouncing at the knees. She stuck her butt out, enveloped tightly by her gray pants. Once more she buried her hand between her legs as the first drops of her pent-up pee inched closer and closer to spurting out. "What the fuck is the code?"

She'd entered it the night before when they arrived but promptly forgotten it. There was a key, too, but they hadn't attached it to the car keys. She frantically thought back. It started with an 8 I think? And there was a 2, and a 1? Two 8s? She lifted her index finger from the stone cold grip of her phone and typed it in: 8821. Nothing happened. She grinded her thighs together and bounced them like she was running in place. She tried again: 8821, this time hitting the pound key. The pad blinked back red.

"Oh come ON!" she howled, and then pounded on the door. "Hey, it's me! Can someone come get the door?" She listened for movement, for any sliver of hope that the entrance might open. "Hello?!?!?" She knocked harder, louder. "Come ohhhhnnnnnn," she whined in exasperation. "I really REALLY have to pee!"

Erin started panicking as the door didn't budge. Her body was raging in rebellion, trying to override her desperate measures to hold back the flood. Her legs bounced violently, starting to give way to the strain. She tried the number pad again, fingers shaking. 8221#? Red. 8211#? Red. 8812#? Red.

"Oh, fuck, mnnnnnrrrrrrnnnnngghhh!" Erin let out a long groan of frustration. Her chest was almost as tight as her grip between her thighs. She pounded on the door one last time and then unlocked her phone. Her hand was shaking but she didn't dare pull the other away from her pee hole to steady it. "Siri... call Kevin," she choked out.

She put it on speaker and listened to it ring. And ring. And ring. "Pick up pick up pick UP! Where ARE you?" She asked out loud to nobody. His voicemail recording started and Erin smashed End Call so hard she almost dropped the phone.

She was prancing around on the porch, completely unable to stand even a little bit still. She was still bent at the knees and the waist. She felt the walls of her bladder expanding by the second, bulging out over the waist of her pants. "Keep holding it, keep holding it.... Siri, call Zoe." She had to keep trying.

Ring. Ring. Ring. No answer. Erin looked up to the sky. "Are you KIDDING me?" she pleaded to the sun. She took a few short breaths. "Come on, Erin, I'm not going to pee in my pants," she told herself. But she was feeling less sure of that as the seconds ticked by.

She leaned against the railing of the porch for support, pulling her left hand from between her legs and quickly replacing it with her right. Her bladder screamed for a reprieve. It wasn't simply ready to open up and send the hot yellow pee out, it was actively squeezing it out, nearly overwhelming her poor, tired urethra.

"Siri..." Erin couldn't even unclench her teeth. "Call Paige." Surely somebody had to have their phone with them. She pictured them all together in the rec room, TV too loud to hear her knocking but mere seconds from opening the door.

"Hey mom, what's up?" her daughter answered. Thank God.

"Uh, hey Paige... Um, where are you all?" Her voice was strained and just the slightest bit shaky. A pulse ran through her bladder and made her nearly leap into the air.

"We went for a walk on the beach... Dad said he texed you. Where are you?"

"Where am I? I'm on the front porch trying to get inside!" Erin exclaimed. "What's the code for the lock?"

"Uhhh, I don't know," Paige responded. Erin heard her voice in the background, away from the phone. "Mom's at the house, what's the code for the door?"

Excruciating seconds of silence followed. Somebody better know or I'm not going to be able to hold it, Erin thought.

"Mom?" Paige's voice was back on the phone. "Yeah, we don't know it. We just brought the key with us and it's in the e-mail from the host but Dad didn't bring his phone."

Erin's jaw dropped and actual tears blurred her eyes. That couldn't be real. She'd held it valiantly through the meeting, through the drive home, and here on the porch. She had to pee SO bad and the bathroom was just on the other side of the door but there was no way in. Her chest shivered with the realization that she'd have to keep holding it, and the creeping dread that she'd already given it her all and that she was going to wind up like Zoe and have a complete, sopping wet pee accident in her pants.

"Mom?"

"How far away are you?" Erin was frenetic.

"We're on our way back, like 5 or 10 minutes maybe? Are you okay?"

"Can you just please hurry up? I really need to use the bathroom, okay?"

"Yeah, alright, see you soon." Paige ended the call.

"Ohhhhhhh my GOD I have to peeeeeeeeEEEEEEEE!!" Erin cried, the filter between her mind and her mouth just about gone. She managed to push away from the railing and back to the door, heels bouncing furiously up and down. 8211#. 1288#. 8212#. Red, red, red.

Erin wished she'd done a better job of conveying her urgency to Paige but she kept trying to reject the prospect that she was stuck here on the verge of unleashing a torrent of warm pee into her panties. Not even 18 hours ago she'd seen her oldest daughter reach her breaking point and pee herself in the middle of a rest stop. All the feelings Erin had of disbelief and incredulity were melting away, replaced with the horror that she might burst any second and wet herself, too.

She felt her pee hole open for just an instant and doubled over. It felt like something had come out but she wasn't positive. Or maybe she just didn't want to accept it. She set her phone down and balled both fists to thrust between her legs. "Pleeeeease hold it in!" She was bargaining with her own body now. Her heart was racing, pumping blood from head to toe. With all the attention on keeping the last shred of defense against a waterfall in place the rest of her body seemed to do whatever it pleased. Her nipples hardened and showed through her bra and her top, not that she had the capacity to notice.

"Hurry up, hurry the fuck up," she whispered, leaning against the door to hold her up. Her legs were exhausted from the strain. She tried the keypad again: 8112#. This time it lit up red and stayed solid. Erin tried pushing a few buttons but nothing happened. She was locked out from even trying again.

Her heel was clattering up and down wholly out of her command. Her skin stretched out where the bladder pushed against it. It burned like a fireball inside, twitching and trembling while it begged for mercy against Erin's desperate hold.

Her urethra wilted again under the tension and this time there was no mistaking the sizzling surge of pee into her underwear. "Ohhhhhh fuck!" Erin moaned, half from the tiny morsel of relief and half from the embarrassment of wetting herself. Her damp underwear clung to her vulva which teased her, begged her to open up again and ease the burning torment.

"I can hold it, I can hold it ... please let me hold it!" she continued to coach herself even as another inescapable contraction hit her and sent a new rush of pee splashing into her panties. Erin looked down. Her underwear felt saturated but so far her pants remained a single shade of gray. She'd failed at holding all that pee in but maybe she could at least keep those from getting wet.

She heard a click and looked up to see the door opening. Instinctively, she stood up straight. There was no way she was going to be able hide just how desperate she was but at least she could look somewhat dignified in front of her family. Her bladder protested the move and tried to forcefully send another stream out. Erin managed to stop it... mostly. She could feel a slow drip-drip-drip of pee coming out.

She made eye contact with Zoe, who had opened the door. In a split second her eyes told Zoe the story that could've filled a novel. If anyone understood, it was her. Zoe stepped to the side and Erin shuffled inside, dripping pee into her underwear with every step.

By the time she was in the main hallway the drips had turned to spurts and as she entered the bathroom it turned into a full-fledged stream. A stain suddenly appeared from between her legs. Erin could only stumble toward the toilet. The stream was growing hotter and more vigorous and she was utterly powerless to stop the mighty raging river of pee that was rushing out. She hooked her fingers in her waistband and pulled down her pants and underwear in one motion, falling back onto the toilet with no interruption to the stream.

"Ohhhhhhhh my god," Erin moaned with relief as it splashed loudly against the porcelain beneath her. She had never peed a torrent like this, splashing all over her pussy. The feeling of relief was euphoric. Her skin tingled. She closed her eyes and reveled in the sensation of finally letting it all go.

She didn't open them until the stream began to come to a stop. Now she had to face reality and inspect the damage. She looked down and saw that her underwear were virtually drenched, wet from midway up the front all the way around to the backside. She lifted them up near her knees to inspect the pants. They'd fared better but right at the seams there was an obvious stain, the fabric turned a darker gray in the size of a softball and almost perfectly symmetrical on each leg.

She wiped herself dry and thought for a moment. Zoe might have seen her at the apex of her desperation but nobody knew that Erin Crosby, 43 years old, wife and mother, had peed in her pants. And nobody needed to know. She pulled her underwear up, shuddering for a blink as the wet spot, now lukewarm, clung against the lips of her pussy.

Then she pulled her pants up and studied herself in the mirror. She tried bunching up the fabric between her legs, and walked back and forth. If she was careful and took small steps she felt confident she could avoid detection. She started to leave but took one final glance back in the mirror. The reflection in the mirror looked back, the only face who'd ever know that Erin hadn't been able to hold it.

***

This chapter was inspired by a suggestion from a reader. If you have an idea for a future chapter, I'd love to hear it! My inbox is always open or you can post here. And of course all comments are welcome -- it's always nice to know people are reading (and enjoying). Or maybe you hate it, that's fine too! Let me know what I can do better. Thanks! -TR
