Desperate video games with you girlfriend

Author: TheScorpion

*000*2023-05-19 10:41

This story contains the use of Y/N and is gender neutral (No pronouns and no indication to genitalia) However this is ment to be wlw-coded

For some background information, you and your girlfriend had been playing video games for a while when she decided to switch things up. She paused the game and got up from her spot on the bed, you give her a confused look until she walks over to the closet and pulls out a box filled with sex toys, she pulls out a black strap on and puts the box away. She then turns to you and said teasingly-

” Hey, baby? Why don’t we make this more fun?~ be a doll and cock-warm me?

And thats where you are now, on her lap the strap on pressed into your gummy walls but also your aching bladder. Occasionally letting out small leaks.

”Come on baby~ you’re doing so good…”

She teased. She was milking the situation fully as she kneaded at your bladder, pinching your sides, tickling you- you get the picture. She had a strong grip on you and she wasn’t going to let you go until you finished the game, or you peed yourself. Whatever came first.

You tired your best but no matter how hard you tried to ignore it, the sensation kept growing stronger by the second. You felt another dribble of pee escape out of you, it caught you off guard and you died again. That resulted into her making a single thrust into your aching hole. Causing you to leak again. Your bladder felt like it was ready to burst any moment, but you were determined to win the game.

The seconds felt like hours to you as you desperately tried to hold it in. Your girlfriend kept pressing on your bladder and whispering teasing words into your ear like,

“Just pee already”, “You know you can’t hold it anymore, come on sweetie~” or “You’re gonna pee~ look at how much you’re squirming..”

Your bladder was aching, it felt so full and between the strap on pressed inside you and your girlfriend’s persistent teasing (verbal and physical) you were doing well…. Until-

Your girlfriend made a particularly time thrust and press to your bladder that made you loose complete control. Your piss came out of you rapidly, your bladder sobbing in relief from the torture finally ending. Your girlfriend rubbed your trembling thighs sweetly and pressed warm kisses to your neck as she wrapped her arms around your waist gently.

”Such a good little doll for me…you did so good, I’m really proud of you..”

She whispered her praise so sweetly, it made you want to melt. She tapped your thigh and pulled the strap-on out of you slowly, she kissed your cheek before heading to the bathroom and coming back with a towel. You guys spent the rest of the night cleaning yourselves up and cuddling

The End

