Kelly's step by step wetting

Author: Type92

*000*2018-02-06 23:37

It starts as a tiny little blossom of warmth, just the slightest hint. She feels no wetness at first, just the temperature change. Then, with the next tiny little spurt of warm pee, Kelly feels the first hint of dampness. It's warm, almost hot, and feels just like being sweaty on a hot day. The first two leaks have started to soak the soft and grey cotton of her panties. The crotch grows dark, though not visible as they are inside her jeans. Just a quarter sized spot of the cotton covering her most intimate area. She can feel the slight dampness and warmth of her pee soaking the cotton, and then it clinging to her. A trembling hand sneaks down toward her crotch, the other clutched into a fist. Beads of sweat begin to dot her forehead, and her lower back. A tiny squeak escapes her lips, just as the next leak escapes.

This one, longer and more volumous than both before, comes very close to soaking the crotch of her panties past the point of no return. If exposed, the dark grey fabric would have glimered in the light for a brief second. Warmth is spreading, down towards the base of her intimate area, directly between her thighs, and up towards the perfectly shaped mound of her pubic bone. She feels the fabric stretched tight over her mons pubis being to warm and soak up her accident. Then next leak comes. A desperate shakey exhale escapes her lips, and the grey cotton of her panties can hold no more. Glistening, and overflowing with her warmth, the crotch of her panties begins to shed droplets down.

At the uppermost gap between her thighs, she feels the slightest tickle of a droplet beginning to run down both sides. The droplets don't make it far at all. The soak directly into the well worn, faded denim of her whitish blue jeans. The droplets that fall directly from her crotch also don't get far, a consequence of how tight she wears her Hollister jeans. The first drops, at her thighs and her crotch, land on the faded denim, and it eagerly soaks in the warm pee, and grows a dark blue grey. The next leak is the end. It does not stop after a second, or even five. Kelly's bladder is ready to release the 11 ounces of pee into her pants.

The leak turns into a trickle, then a stream, then a jet. Her entire crotch quickly grows wet and warm. The sensation of the warm streams running down the insides of her thighs sends a slight shiver through her, and gives her goose bumps. The trembling hand desperately squeezes her crotch, but to no avail. The warm flow simply slips through her fingers, and continues soaking it's way down her legs. The warm flood soaks her jeans, pulled so tight around her ballerina thighs, and begins to reach her knees. The flow of warm pee darkens her jeans, but glistenes and sparkles in the sunlight. She silently pushes her legs together in a last ditch effort to stop her river of pee. All it succeedes in doing is directing more down the denim of her jeans. She begins feeling the streams racing eachother down her lower legs, ever so slightly tickling and warming her skin.

All of the streams want to be first to the deck. Some make it to her ankles, only to be absorbed into her little white ankle socks. Slightly more than half of the twin streams running down her legs find freedom by first dripping, then pouring if of her pant leg cuffs. The remainder soaks into her socks, and begins making it's way down the tops of her feet to her toes. It finally ends, 23 seconds after it began. The last few streams trickle down her legs to join pee in her socks and Sperry shoes, or in the slowly expanding puddle at her feet. A sigh of overwhelming frustration follows as Kelly, a 25 year old ballet dancer employed on a Caribbean cruise ship, slowly pulls her trembling hand away from her crotch so remaining Kelly pee can drip from her fingertips. She's ashamed to ask to herself in her head..."How many more times am I going to pee in my pants this year?"

