The Beach in Spring

Author: theyellowsafe

*000*2022-02-18 16:24

Beach wettings are some of my favorites, and this idea popped into my head after reading an account of a woman who didn't bother going all the way into the ocean to pee. I hope you enjoy it.

###

If you go to the beach in the spring, you might just see something wonderful.

Spring is a season of rebirth and awakenings, but it's also a season of trickery. After cold, snowy, dreary winters, everyone wants to get out and enjoy the weather as soon as the temperature rises or the sun shines.

But you have to be careful, or you may find yourself not enjoying yourself as much as you'd like.

It might be colder than you expected, despite the sunshine, leaving you wishing you'd brought a jacket. You might try to find a trail to walk, only to experience muddy paths that haven't yet solidified.

Or, you might find yourself taking in the sun at the beach, only to be shocked by how cold the water is when you're wading into the tide for a quick pee.

It happens at every beach every spring, and women seem to be the ones who most often experience this inconvenience. Perhaps they want to get a start on their tans before summertime, or maybe they're just happy to be out of the house in something other than pants and long sleeves.

Either way, they tend to forget that lake and ocean water takes a while to warm after winter. In the summer, they're used to just nipping into the water for a quick pee when the need arises, often waiting til the last second.

But, in the spring - especially the early spring when it's not too warm out - that water feels as cold as ice.

They know the nearest bathroom is a good walk away and likely not even remotely clean, but they may not be keen on getting wet. So, they'll wait... and wait... and wait... until they can't deny the call of nature any longer.

At this point, they spring up off their towels and make their way to the water at a brisk but respectable pace, wanting to make sure they get there in time.

But, as soon as their feet get a taste of the frigid, foamy tide, they let out a yelp of shock and stop dead in their tracks and know they have a decision to make: Do they turn on their heels and seek out the nearest public toilet, or do they brave the freezing water and stick to their original plan?

For some, the decision is made for them: The shock of the cold water is jarring enough to cause a muscle spasm that releases their bladders. Their bikinis and legs quickly become saturated in the warm, yellow liquid they'd been so close to safely releasing underwater.

When this happens, most don't even bother continuing into the water. After all, the damage is already done. Plus, the warmth of their pee feels a hell of a lot better than the iciness of the water.

For those that manage to withstand the shock-induced muscle spasms, most decide to stick to their plan and wade deeper into the water - aiming to get just deep enough that the gusset of their bikini bottoms touches the water. Why? Because it doesn't really feel like you're wetting yourself if you're submerged in water.

But with each step, the sting of the cold worsens and most stop in their tracks when the water is at their knees or mid-thighs. They reason with themselves: "Surely this is deep enough, right?"

And they release a torrent of pee into their bikinis, the hiss loud enough to be heard over the crashing of the waves. Sure, they didn't quite make it, but they were going to be peeing through their bikinis anyway. Plus, bikinis are made to get wet, so what's the big deal? At least, that's what they like to tell themselves.

Deep down, they know they had an accident, but they're too busy enjoying the warmth of their pee cascading down their legs as it fights against the cold lapping around their lower extremities. They usually don't even bother to splash some water on themselves after, preferring the warmth of their pee to the cold of the water.

Now, you may be wondering about the women who decided to give up on peeing in the water in favor of finding a nearby toilet. Surely they make it safely, right?

Well, not quite...

You see, since they spend all summer peeing in the water at the drop of a hat, they never really pay attention to where the public bathrooms are - and they certainly don't make sure to lay their towels down anywhere near the smelly things.

So, after they feel the freezing cold water and turn to find a toilet, they're in a bit of a panic. They're desperate due to waiting until the last minute, and they're not quite sure which direction to head.

Any moment of indecisiveness could cost them, so most pick a direction and start speed walking (running would look too desperate).

The few who do succumb to indecisiveness don't make it very far. Weighing their options usually results in them losing focus on what really matters: holding in their pee. Before they so much as take a few steps, their bikinis are soaked and their legs are streaked with wetness. Too embarrassed to meet the eyes of anyone else on the beach, they finish their wees while looking down at themselves in shame.

The decisive ones don't fare much better, however. Not having any idea where a toilet is means they keep walking and walking and walking. Oddly enough, these girls don't always lose control - most of the time, they give up.

Frustrated with their inability to find a toilet as their bladders scream for release, most just say "Fuck it" and squat down wherever they are. They don't dare to move their bikinis to the side, not at a public beach where anyone may be walking by. So, they soak themselves, often getting their butts nice and wet. But they keep their legs mostly dry; if their swimsuit is the right color, people may not even notice they've wet themselves.

Now, a few of these decisive women do get lucky and spot a restroom fairly quickly. But they run into another problem: You know that phenomenon where it gets harder to hold your pee the closer you get to the toilet? They get that - bad.

They keep their eyes on the prize, but their need becomes so great that they're often leaking by the time they get to the door of the restroom.

If they're lucky enough to find an open stall, they do get to use the toilet... with one caveat: Since they were already leaking, they don't bother stopping to try and remove their swimsuits. Instead, they get to finally relax on the toilet as they feel warmth rapidly spreading across their crotch and butt.

You'd think people would learn from their mistakes, and perhaps some do. But summers full of beach trips where they successfully pee in the lake or ocean helps them forget the dangers of spring.

So if you want to see something wonderful this coming spring, and you're lucky enough to live within driving distance to a body of water, consider heading to the beach on a sunny day.

