The Wet Sickness

Author: tutti.frutti

*000*2015-11-15 21:03

„Soon after the beginning, they started to call it the Wet Sickness. Didn’t take long for it to stop being funny. No, it quickly became a serious matter.“ – Chloe Vardy, journalist

I.

„Hello miss. Molly, right?“

„Yes, ma’am,“ Molly replied without even looking up at the doctor.

„So, Molly, tell me when exactly has the problem started.“

Molly did not respond. She just sit there in the chair staring at her own shoes.

„Molly, you don’t have to feel ashamed about it. We can talk as two grown up women. I’m a specialist for this type of problems. There is no need to feel bad.“

Rebecca Timms was as she said a doctor and an expert. Molly really was a 19 years old young woman.

„Three days ago on Monday,“ Molly replied.

„And what exactly happened?“

There was a little more silence, but this time Molly started speaking by herself.

„I-I suddenly got a strong need to pee. Well the need actually was not that strong, it was in fact not strong at all. The need was normal, but...“ Molly became silent.

„But you were unable to hold it, right?“ Rebecca completed the sentence. Molly just nodded in agreement.

„I know it is a hard question to answer, but I repeat – in this conversation there is nothing to be ashamed about. You understand me, Molly?“

She nodded in agreement once more.

„Can you remember how much urine came out?“

As the dialogue moved forward, Molly started to feel better about discusing this matter with another person.

„Not that much. The car seat was all wet, but I know I can hold much more pee without any problem.“

„I see,“ Rebecca said and wrote down some notes before she continued.

„And since Monday it happened how many times?“

Another short pause and a loss of eye contact.

„Five. Five times during a day,“ Molly replied and her eyes became a little wattery with tears.

„I see,“ repeated Rebecca one of her previous replies.

„Any night-time occurences?“

Molly stayed silent and Rebecca took this as an yes.

„Every night, Molly?“

„No, not the first one. But yesterday and today, yes,“ Molly said and dried her eyes.

„During the day, is it every time the same?“

„No. On Monday it was just once in the car. For the rest of the day I was okay. I mean I tried to go to the toilet more often, but it was good.“

„I see,“ and few more notes taken by Rebecca.

„On Tuesday it was immediately in the morning. I woke up and felt a normal need to pee. I was still afraid of what happened the day before so I quickly got up so I can go to the toilet. But I did not even make it out of my room. It just ... started all by itself.“

„That was the time you’ve told your mother?“

„Yes. She has helped me a lot.“

„That’s very good she is understanding and helping.“

By this time in the conversation, Molly felt fine and had no problem talking openly with the doctor.

„It was okay the whole day until the evening. I think it’s just getting worse because ... because ...“ Molly started to sob and shake her body a little. Rebecca immediately knew what was happening. Molly was wetting herself.

„It’s okay, it’s okay“ Rebecca whispered quickly and put her hand on Molly’s shoulder.

„I’m sorry“ Molly repeated almost crying.

„It’s okay Molly, don’t worry, we’ll run some tests and find out what’s going on. Nurse will help you get changed and we will start as soon as possible. The sooner we start the sooner you can get better.“

Molly dried her eyes once again. She was not a little girl anymore.

„We will find out what’s going on“ Rebecca repeated.

And she really wanted to find out. She really wanted to. Because since Friday there were already 54 other girls aged from 16 to 29 - with the absolutely same problem as Molly had - taken to Rebecca as a specialist. And Rebecca had a feeling there will be more...

If people like it, I'll continue with this story...

*007*2015-11-17 20:06

„I’m sorry, but in the moment we really have no idea what causes this medical condition.“ – Rebecca Timms, medical specialist

II.

Amber put her bag in the corner of a small changing room. There was barely any space because other two girls already had their stuff there. And Robin was still to come. Amber was sick of this. They always tried to make most of the photo-shootings. And part of it was cutting the expenses. Therefore all the models had to share a changing room that would (in normal conditions) hardly be enough for one person.

She undressed herself and looked at her body in a small mirror on the wall. She really liked the shape she‘d been in lately. The current diet and training plan suited her well.

There was a bottle of water standing on the floor. Amber was thirsty, so she picked up the bottle and opened it. Mandy or Kendra won’t mind if I take a sip of their water she thought to herself. But before she put her lips on the bottle neck, her phone ringed. She closed the bottle and answered the phone. It was Robin.

„Hi Rob, what’s goin‘ on?“

„Amber?“ Robin’s voice was strange as if she’d been crying in the moment.

„Rob, what happened? My god, are you crying?“

„Amber, please, I need your help.“

„Of course, but you have to tell me what happened. Where are you?“ Amber felt her stomach shrink with stress.

„I’m in front of the building, in the parking lot. Can you please come down here to my car?“

„Yes, I’ll just put on some clothes. What happened Rob?“

„I had an accident.“

Amber put her clothes back on and ignoring the questionable stares of both other models and the photographer she darted out to the hall and down the stairs to the parking lot.

She saw Robin’s car immediately and her friend was still sitting inside. Robin gestured to Amber to come quickly and sit in the passangers seat.

First of all Amber was really happy to see Robin is alright. At least from the outside of the car. She hurried to the car, opened the door and sat down. She looked to Robin’s still teary eyes and followed her eyes to her lap.

„I had an accident“ Robin repeated the last sentence from their phone call. Amber was unable to find words as she stared at her friend’s wet crotch. Robin has pissed herself.

„Oh my god“ Amber whispered. Then she realised she’s not helping at all with that. There is no time to be shocked or ask questions.

„I’m sorry Rob, I’m sorry. How can I help you to fix this?“

„Well I need to get inside without anybody knowing about this. I’ll clean myself in the bathroom and we’ll do the shooting.“

„You can borrow some of the pants that are ready for the shooting inside. I can bring it to you so you can change here in the car. Then clean yourself in the bathroom.“

„Thank you, Amber“ Robin said and dried her face.

„Don’t mention it“ Amber automatically replied stil not fully believing what’s she was seeing.

Few moments later she was back with the change of pants. Luckily there was no-one else in the parking lot, so Robin could change her pants in the back of the car. This went on in total silence and their common walk to the bathroom as well.

There was only one bathroom and Robin was now inside eliminating the results of her shameful accident. Amber’s mind was in full operation looking for answers to a lot of questions. How could that happen to Robin? What does she feel like now? Will anybody find out about this?

And then she felt her own slight need to pee. It wasn’t strong, just the first gentle tingle in lower parts. The one you can usually wait an hour more and you’ll still be okay.

The door to the room where Amber was waiting for Robin (the room with sink before the toilet room itself) burst open and there was Kendra. Her both hands jammed to her crotch and absolute terror in her face.

„It’s taken?“ Kendra whispered to Amber.

„Yes, Robin is inside“ Amber replied and unwillingly put her own hand to her pussy. Because the need to tinkle became strangely unbearable.

Kendra sighed and looked down to where her hands were positioned. She made few tiny steps to the bathroom door and knocked.

„Robin please let me in or I will piss myself. I can’t hold it. I beg you please let me in“ Kendra prayed.

Amber was speechless. She had no idea what’s going on. They all are grown up models. Subjects of every man’s desire. Not little girls who pee their own pants. Their current situation was absolutely surreal.

And the feeling in her crotch seemed totally alien. Warm and wet in the same time, running down her legs and on the floor. Few seconds later her puddle merged with a pool of Kendra’s piss as both the girls looked in each others‘ eyes in the greatest humiliation of their lives so far.

Kendra was in absolute shock and whispered in a soft girlish voice – „Amber I made a pee in my panties.“

Mandy was sitting on the set waiting. She was always nervous before the shooting and the nerves ordinarily increased her need to pee.

„Maybe I should go pee before we start. But I’ll wait for the girls to come here first. There is no reason to hurry...“

Here you go folks. I want to put the whole thing in some perspective first. I hope you can enjoy the parts separately. If you like it I will go on...

*016*2018-10-21 12:33

Well, I can't quite explain why I decided to return to this story almost three years after I've abandoned it...

„I mean when you think about things that could potentially change the world in some sort, you absolutely can’t come up with something like mass incontinence problem.“ – Marissa Maine, financial manager

III.

„Seriously?“ Deanna asked sharply, sighed and continued, „you want to put this on as the most interesting news?“

She put her coffee on the table so angrily it spilled over the top of the paper cup.

„Jesus, Jack, there is terrorism, financial scandals, armed conflicts all over the world and you want to start with this?“

The person on the other side of her current phone call acted in totally opposite manner. He was calm and spoke softly. But his words were strict orders and that made Deanna even more furious.

She snapped out few more lines of disagreement, but that was all she could do. She hanged down the phone and tossed the half-full cup of coffee into a trash can.

That was Deanna Dorian. Young starlet of national TV evening news. She started as very smart and humble reporter with pretty face, but as she had climbed up the career path in a demonic speed, her personality changed rapidly as well.

Today, she was still very intelligent, but also arrogant and spoiled. But the intellect in combination with her looks and style made her absolute number one in news reporting those days.

„Tonight’s special guests“ she shouted out in front of her after reading first e-mail form Jack, as she was alone in her office.

„Doctor Rebecca Timms and her colleague doctor Holly Fimmel. Both specialists in area of piss.“ Deanna added for herself.

In a short while she calmed down, took few deep breaths and started to make notes and prepare herself for the main topic as a true professional. She’s been to the bathroom only once in the process and the need was actually quite pressing – but she blamed the pee-theme for that.

In the end of her preparations she had to admit there was something to this subject. If this was really happening, than it was very strange. And revolting. But so many cases in such a short period of time, strange indeed.

In the studio she quickly greeted her guests and took her place behind the host’s desk. Both doctors sat in separate chairs next to it. Deanna just advised both women what her first question will be and in a few moments they were ready to roll.

After a short opening Deanna took over the show and introduced her guests.

„Doctor Timms, in past few a strange phenomenon occurred in your field of specialization. Can you tell us more about it?“

„Yes, yes,“ Rebecca got a little nervous, but immediately continued – „we’ve recorded a serious increase in number of young women who suddenly and without apparent reason suffer from signs of urinary incontinence.“

„And if you speak about signs, what exactly do you mean?“

„The basic problem is a loss of bladder control. Urges to pee are much more frequent and feel very strong even if there is only little urine in the patient's bladder. But even if there is only small amount of it, they are nearly unable to hold it in.“

„And as a result...“

„Yes, quite a large number of women experienced some very humiliating social situations due to this.“

„Doctor Fimmel, when did you start to realize that there is something strange going on, that those women seeking help are not just isolated and unusual cases?“

While Dr. Timms looked somewhat nervous, Dr. Fimmel was quite relaxed. She nodded to Deanna as a thank-you gesture for given question and replied like a seasoned television professional –

„Well, it did not take a long time. You see, Deanna – Holly Fimmel casually addressed the show host by her first name – the increase was so sudden and rapid, that there was absolutely no doubt something extraordinary is happening.“

Deanna was shocked for a brief moment by the situation. First, she was used to stressed up guests in the studio. The often invited professionals in their respective fields, but in front of camera, they looked a lot like Dr. Timms – thrown into an alien environment, unsure and a little lost.

But apparently Dr. Fimmel was a member of minority of show guests, who blossomed in the lights and enjoyed their time on screen. Deanna also noticed, that she is kinda surprised by Dr. Fimmel’s looks. Do you expect doctor to look like this? With long and curly blond hair, bright blue eyes, face of a model. Of course not.

And how old is she anyway? Deanna remembers she has not seen Holly Fimmel’s age in any of the documents she worked with while preparing for the show. She looks like she’s not even thirty. She must be quite smart to be considered an expert this young.

Deanna scanned her figure. Well at least she is not as tall as I am, her ass seems bigger and titts smaller than mine she thought to herself. It stopped her from getting jealous over Dr. Fimmels pretty face and her intellect. Deanna was mean, but that’s plain and simply who she was.

Second thing that caught her attention was the content of Fimmel’s reply. There was a brief pause and Deanna continued –

„When you used the phrase ‚something extraordinary‘ it almost sounded like there is something positive happening and not in fact a large amount of youg woman suffering from such an embarrassing condition,“ Deanna poked into Dr. Fimmel and smiled to herself.

But Holly Fimmel was not perplexed at all –

„If you put it like that, it comes out wrong. But every scientist – and I consider myself one – enjoys a challenge put up by a fresh mystery. And this is a mystery indeed. So from my point of view it is a riddle I want to solve and help all women who has to deal with it.“

Deanna was again surprised how ready Holly Fimmel was to give such a smart reply. She decided to turn back to Rebecca Timms again.

„Dr. Timms, before the mystery is solved, what is it you can do for your patients now?“

Rebecca took a short pause before replying and everyone could see she is formulating the answer in her head.

„Sadly, there is not much we can do. We collect blood samples and urine samples and such.“

Deanna was slightly disgusted by idea of urine samples. Or was it something else than disgust? She had no time to think about it as Rebecca continued -

„We check all the patients physically, and we provide them with an incontinence equipment.“

„Incontinence equipment?“ Deanna asked.

Rebecca Timms again paused and responded –

„Incontinence equipment means diapers.“

„So you want to say that many young women now spend their days and nights wrapped in diapers?“ unbelieving Deanna asked.

„Well we should not speak about it in this tone, because it is very humiliating for those women and a lot of them refuses to visit a doctor because they are afraid they will be given this equipment.“

You could see Dr. Timms was a little annoyed by Deanna’s temporary lack of tact.

„Of course, I’m sorry, I did not mean to offend anybody,“ Deanna replied quickly with a smile and took back control over the dialog.

However there was something totally unexpected happening at the same time that seemed to be out of Deanna’s control. In her stomach and in her crotch, she felt very familiar hot feeling. Oh god, she thought to herself, am I getting aroused by this topic? It can’t be true.

She imagined her young assistant in the studio wearing a diaper under her skirt and wetting it right now, and it was enough to make her own panties a little wet.

She hoped nothing could be seen on her face and tried to push the dialog forward. Her eyes skipped to Holly Fimmel again, who seemed to absolutely enjoy the dialog that was going on.

If I continue to work on this, I think I will work characters I've set up so far and try to get a little closer to them. If you like it...

*018*2018-10-21 17:35

{{35 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

That's an awesome story I just found now - I am so glad you continued!

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you like it. Will try to add some more soon.

*021*2018-10-22 14:42

{{20 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What a interesting awesome chapter

}}

Thanks

{{18 hours ago, Ondinist said:

Unusual, imaginative, definitely worth continuing with!

}}

And thanks as well :)

*023*2018-10-27 21:17

Ok guys thanks for the positive feedback and there is more -

„I find it hard to believe that so many men can joke about topic this serious. It is something we – as a society – cannot accept.“ – Chloe Vardy, journalist

IV.

„I want to die.“

The only thing going through Molly’s mind. Only for a few times it changed to: „Let me crawl into some tiny dark space ... and I will quietly die.“

She was still in hospital, currently sitting in a waiting room prepared to go through another examination.

Molly had – as you could have read in one of previous chapters – wet her pants while discussing her problems with Dr. Timms. For that reason she was now wearing black tracksuit pants (that her smart mother insisted she takes with her), which in normal circumstances would be embarrassing enough on itself.

But there was a way more shocking component in her current clothing. The diaper.

As she sat there she could not take her mind away from it.

„Incontinence equipment my ass, “ she said to herself as there actually was real incontinence equipment on her ass. Paradox.

She was absolutely certain everybody knows. They know she wears a diaper. They know she wets herself like a little child.

Of course everybody was so professional. The lady doctor was very kind, nurses were very supporting as well. The one helping Molly put on her first diaper since being little baby was so nice that Molly’s shame was close to none at that moment.

But that changed rapidly when she pulled her pants up and felt the enormous (at least she though it was so larbigge) bulge. They said she could go. But she would give anything if they allowed her to stay in that room forever. Just no contact with any other person. Please.

And now she sits there. In tracksuit pants. In a diaper. Pale as a ghost. With grim thoughts.

Although, you know how it works. You don’t need to be good yourself if there is at least one person who has it worse. It is not nice, but that’s how it works with people.

And Molly brings a memory back from her mind, she hear it - that this is a mass thing, she is not the only one with this problem. There are many others. Who said it? The doctor? Or one of the nurses? She can’t remember, but it makes her raise her head for the first time since coming to the room and look at other people who sit there with her.

There were two other young women. And they could not look differently.

One was short and quite chubby. She had dark hair and Molly could not believe how relaxed and calm this girl looked.

The other one on the contrary was nervous as hell. You could tell on the first sight. And she was also stunning. When Molly turned to her, coincidentally in the same time the girl bolted to the restroom door that was part of the waiting room. And Molly could take a better look. The girl was tall, blonde, had perfect figure, totally model material.

Girl went through the restroom door and quickly closed behind her, the lock clicked. And with that sound Molly’s focus returned to her diaper that she had forgotten about for whole ten seconds.

When she was little she dreamed about becoming a model. It turned out god gave her brains, not looks but she was happy for that. She would love to become a lawyer.

Who would like diapered model anyway. If she finishes law school, we will see who would hire a diapered lawyer, she thought to herself. Oh cynicism, you can definitely help a girl in despair.

Her meditation about future was cut off by the waiting room door opening with a bang to the wall. Another young woman rushed inside with older woman (apparently her mother) behind her and made quick steps towards the restroom.

She pressed the handle down and realized it was occupied. She tried it rapidly few more times and then knocked on the door with her left hand. Her right hand was pressed into the crotch of her jeans.

Molly’s heart sank deep into her pants (or diaper if you want) because she realized she knows this girl. Hannah was one or two years older and went to same high school as Molly. Her parents were rich and Hannah was quite spoiled and arrogant.

Molly remembered few times when Hannah gave her and her friends tough treatment.

„If she knows I’am wearing a diaper, than I am totally over,“ Molly thought to herself.

And even stopped breathing when she realized it suddenly got noticeably warmer in her crotch, inside of her diaper.

She stressed herself to another unexpected wetting (or who knows why it happened). She started to panic because she was sure the diaper will leak and urine will start to drop from her chair on the ground. It didn’t.

And Hannah was not going to be a problem for her as she was now staying in the waiting room with both hands jammed into her pussy with stream of pee soaking her crotch, legs and even shoes. She was crying. Her mother took her by the arm and dragged her out of the room not even closing the door behind them. Arrogant.

Molly stared with her mouth wide in disbelief. The chubby girl looked as uninterested as before.

When the restroom door opened and Amber – yes it’s her – walked out, she stepped into the puddle of pee on the floor but did not notice immediately. She was confused because few moments age someone was knocking the door and now nobody is trying to go inside. Amber had her jacket around the waist covering her back.

The other door opened and nurse poked her head out into the waiting room.

„Who is next?“ she asked.

The chubby girl stood up and made her way into the doctor’s office. There was very visible outline of a diaper on the back of her pants.

„Oh my god, is every girl going to wear diapers?“ Molly thought to herself.

And it made her feel better on the inside, because it does not matter how bad your situation is when others have it as shitty as you do.

And again if you like the course, please leave a comment or another feedback. I have much more planned with given premise and characters.

