The Artistic Gymnast

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2015-10-18 00:24

Disclaimer:

This takes place in a fictional European country, somewhere on the mainland between that one country and the other. It’s called Füderland because that’s the best I could come up with. And yes, they speak English despite that name. Linguistic consistency is not necessary. It also is a parallel universe where it’s not that strange for a girl to wet herself (but also not completely common) and is otherwise pretty much the same. Yes, I know, that’s very original for this site. That universe has never been tried before [/sarcasm]. Anyway, I made this today, and I have no idea if I am ever going to continue this or not. It is made with continuation and possible future storylines in mind, but I’m not promising things.

I still have a promise to finish a story that just needs one or two chapters and the last update is over a year ago. So I’m not committing as long as that one is not finished. Also, I’m not so much into artistic gymnastics that I know all the terms and details, if I watch it my knowledge goes little beyond “that was good” and “that was less good”. So if someone is more into this and sees a mistake like a wrong or missing term (there are bound to be some) or something that needs to be elaborated, please reply here or pm me. But I’ll also keep in mind that it has to be easily readable for people who know nothing about it.

I expect (/hope for future prevention of RSI-sake) this chapter is well above average in length. And I think the title could be better, but I want it to entail the main thing of the gymnasts and also make it interesting or clever. This way I at least managed to fulfil one of those requirements. Since I have not reread it, and have written for ten hours straight, there might be some wording or spelling errors. Please tell me if you find one.

Non-disclaimer:

It was a Saturday afternoon, 13:07, and as she walked up to start her second event of the day, she heard her name being called over the speakers by a monotone voice: “Jasmin Gardner from Sonnsville on the vault”. She was ready and determined to win this. It was just a small-time regional all-around tournament in preparation for the European Championship qualification, and she was the favourite to win by some distance. She just came in 3rd on the floor, but that has never been her strong suit. The vault, however, she found to be way easier. She probably didn’t have to take risks, but always wanted to give it her best shot.

She was of about average height for an artistic gymnast, 164 cm. Her leotard was black below and pink above, with the border between the colours going diagonally from her right shoulder to her left hip. It was custom made for her, just like all her leotards, and it fit firmly around all of her body, which helped her in maintaining composure. She was also often ‘noticed’ by men, especially since the moment where she had them custom made. Last year, she changed coaches because of this and was one of the few with a female coach in the business, which she had always found rather strange. She had her straight brown hair in a ponytail, like any participant with long hair would.

It was time. Jasmin ran, jumped on the springboard, placed her hands on the vault and turned three times around her axis while doing a double summersault while keeping tight. A slight imbalance when she landed in the centre of the mat was all that could be improved; she nailed it. After she greeted the judges, she walked back for her second try and saw her score; well above the three participants that started before her. At least she has this; now she had some room for a little extra risk, since the rest of the field that was still coming was low-profile. This time she was going for distance. For anyone looking, it was clear she had increased her velocity as she ran towards the vault for a second time.

There was more power in her jump; her hands hit the vault near the end, and she twisted and turned faster than you could count. When she landed, she had to pay the price, though. As she bounced back in the air with more power than expected, she lost a bit of composure and had to put one leg significantly back and bend her knees more than she normally would to keep from falling over as she landed on the mat a second time. There would be a reduction for this, but the extra distance should boost her score a bit. She walked back to her coach, Elisabeth Simons, and gave her a high five before she sat down and waited for her second score. Yes! It was slightly higher than her previous one, in spite of the reduction.

“That’s worthy of the Olympics,” Elisabeth said as she gave Jasmin a hug. Jasmin just smiled. Of course it would be; the vault is one of her specialties, together with the uneven bars. She had a knack for controlled flight. She just had to get the balance beam and especially her floor-routine on an acceptable level to be an internationally competitive all-rounder.

Now it was just waiting for the others. They would probably not come close, but Jasmin wanted to know their scores anyway, competitive as she is. She sat watching in agony as she saw one girl just do a simple summersault. Another fell, seemingly in slow-motion, on her butt after she landed facing the vault. She decided to agree to join this tournament because it was only a 20 minute drive from Sonnsville, but she made a note in her phone to never go to something so far under her level from now on. She didn’t even know any of these girls, and she knew a lot of the artistic gymnasts in the country. She became visibly bored, sipping from her water bottle all the time just to have something to do. Luckily only one girl was left before they could move on to the balance beam. Jasmin did not notice the final contestant’s name as the small girl with black hair in the red leotard that came in second on the floor got ready for the vault.

She looked like she was twelve, but Jasmin knew she would probably be a few years older than that. There always are a few girls that look way too young in artistic gymnastics, of which some turn out to be even older than the seventeen-year-old Jasmin. As she sat looking on from the corner of her eye, expecting to see something horrible again, Jasmin was in for a shock. She hadn’t been paying enough attention to know for sure, but it seemed like a near-perfect routine with a stable landing.

Sure enough, as the girl in the red leotard walked back for her second try, her score became visible; only half a point below Jasmin’s lowest score. She would have to start paying attention now. The girl’s name was Abigail Douglas. As she looked on carefully for the second flight, she could see Abigail had a little less technique than her in-flight, but she did get a lot of air and pulled of a perfect landing. Again, just half a point below Jasmin’s lower score. She was too close; as she saw the average score updated, Abigail came in first with the smallest of differences possible. This was getting serious.

For the balance beam, Jasmin started 7th out of 8, planned at14:18. She always made sure she knew when she started off the top of her head, but she looked over the starting list anyway; Abigail starts 5th. At least now she would know what to beat before she started. She sent of her coach to fill her water bottle and started mentally preparing herself and walking around, stretching her legs and arms for optimum results. After the first four contestants, none being particularly impressing, she sat down and to watch Abigail as soon as she heard the monotonous voice announce her. She got on the beam and started moving around smoothly, with more elegance than Jasmin knows to have. She heaved a sigh of relief, though, as she saw her doing her first cartwheel; she did have more technique and security in the faster, more dangerous movements.

That’s what she would need to show off. She watched the rest of Abigail’s routine intensively and was perplexed once again when she ended with a seemingly uncontrolled summersault that she managed to somehow land perfectly again. While she saw Abigail jumping around and hugging her coach as her score became known, Jasmin got ready. She got out of the sweatpants and jumper keeping her muscles warm and did some stretches, but quickly stopped after she noticed that about half of the men there, mostly family of other competitors, were not looking at the 6th competitor but at her. “Why do they always make me feel uncomfortable,” she thought.

As she turned back towards the competition area, she was just in time to see a black-haired girl of around her height in a blue leotard, one that has utterly failed to impress so far, get ready to do a cartwheel. She seemed insecure and waited longer than necessary. She placed her hands perfectly in line, though, and her feet swung over her head towards the end of the beam; a little too far towards the end. Her left foot slipped and took her right foot down with it; a shock came through the room as everyone saw the girl’s head hit the edge of the beam. She doubled over the beam and hit one of the poles hard with her back. She did not make a sound as her body hit the ground; she also didn’t move. The two people they hired to do first aid quickly sped towards her. From where Jasmin stood, all focus lost with her eyes wide and her mouth gaping, she could see the blue material around the girl’s crotch glisten and darken. That was the least of concerns now.

The first aiders were definitely not equipped for something serious and one called for an ambulance in panic. The other one was preoccupied with keeping a panicked man and woman who sped down from the stands, probably the parents, away from the girl’s unconscious body, trying to convince them that she should not be moved before they got instructions from a professional doctor. The area around that soon became crowded with people looking at what happened, all to no help of course. Meanwhile, the other one was squatting next to the girl with the phone against his ear in one hand, checking her pulse and breath with the other. The monotonous voice was heard once again, barely intelligible over the murmur that had filled the gymnasium: “The competition is suspended indefinitely. Please stay in your seats and don’t approach the competition area.”

After the initial chaos, all that was left around the girl were the two first aiders and the girl’s parents and her coach a few meters away, accompanied by a few officials. All the competing girls sat down in their area, some still visibly shocked. The coaches were all heavily debating how this could’ve been prevented and how they would make it safer. Around this time, Jasmin became a little pre-occupied with something. The puddle of urine that had formed around the unconscious girl on the ground reminded her about the amount she drunk out of boredom throughout the competition; her bladder was starting to get full. By now it was 14:30 and she should’ve ended her routine by now. She stood up and walked over to one of the officials on the side.

“Do you know how long it will be before we start again?” she asked him.

“No, and that’s not important right now” the official answered sternly.

Jasmin tried to answer; “I get that, but it’s just that I -”

“Look, I am not concerned about you right now and I think you’re really selfish for just wanting to get on with it while we don’t know how serious Norwood is injured, so please go back to your seat, wait and don’t leave the area. I’ve seen you arrogantly looking on, displaying your boredom as much as you can while the less-trained girls tried their best. Anyway, all we know is it can be in two minutes or two hours, and I’ll make sure we won’t wait for you if you are not here.”

Jasmin didn’t expect a lecture; she was deeply concerned about the girl, and she certainly didn’t mean to display her boredom or come off as arrogant. She really didn’t like to be called a bad person, she just wanted to know if she could exit the gymnasium for a few minutes to go to the bathroom. She swallowed the tears she felt coming, she fixed her eyes on the floor and turned around to walk back to her seat. She didn’t dare to leave the area now, afraid that she would start crying while admitting she needed the bathroom. She put on her sweatpants and jumper to keep warm again and sat down, crossing her legs. In the background she heard sirens, and a few minutes later paramedics came running in. They did not put her on the stretcher they were carrying though; it seemed like they were handling her very carefully.

As Jasmin sat there, she put her hands in her front pocket and could just reach her crotch with one. Her legs were now constantly moving, and it was now 14:50. The girl was still on the ground, with all sorts of medical tools around her. One positive thing was that at least now nobody was paying attention to her, because for someone looking at her it would be obvious what she needed, especially when she shifted in her seat again. She was the only one not watching the girl, of who by now she knew her first name was Lily, she saw looking over at the other competitors, since she did not dare to look at the girl in her puddle, perfectly visible from her point of view, for too long at a time; it increased her own need.

But when she saw everyone slightly looking up, she automatically looked in Lily’s direction too; it seemed like she was waking up and trying to move. The paramedics stopped her though, and were asking her questions, raising and moving fingers and testing out her neck and back. Some people were cleaning up the puddle around her. Jasmin was happy she was conscious again, but quickly looked away again as she saw Lily slowly moving and realized almost her whole back and left side of her leotard were wet; a bit of shifting about in her seat made her regain composure.

Around three o’ clock, Jasmin realized she was getting really thirsty. She should drink some water to keep her body healthy, but shuddered at the thought of putting more liquid inside of her.

“One, two, three” Jasmin heard several people say. She looked over at the direction of Lily, and saw she was now lying on the stretcher, with several people around her. They wrapped her in a blanket and tried to get her soaked leotard off, but she started screaming as they tried to pull her arms out of it, and immediately stopped.

By now, Elisabeth seemed to be done discussing safety measures for the future and sat next to her pupil.

“How are you holding up?” Elisabeth asked.

Jasmin responded barely audible, with her hand still in her crotch and moving about in her seat. “I need to... ehm... I need the bathroom”

“Why didn’t you go then?” Elisabeth continued.

“I tried to ask that man over there if there would be enough time but he said I was arrogant and that I had to go sit down and that they wouldn’t wait for me if I wasn’t here if it started again,” she said in a panicky whisper.

“Well, he can’t stop you from going to the bathroom, just go real quick now, I think we’ll almost start again,” Elisabeth said.

“Okay, I’ll go now, just make sure I can compete.” Jasmin stood up from her chair and immediately doubled over; her bladder was really hurting now, but she could still manage to regain her posture.

“Try to be quick, because -”

“The competition will be resumed. Jasmin Gardner from Sonnsville to the balance beam please.”

“Fuck,” Jasmin said.

“I’ll try to give you some time” Elisabeth said, as she looked over to the officials.

Jasmin got out of her sweatpants and jumper, because that had to happen anyway. She looked over to the table of officials where Elisabeth was now pleading with the same man that called Jasmin arrogant before. He had a microphone.

“If a contestant cannot be there on time, she will be disqualified.”

“Asshole,” Jasmin thought. But she could not be disqualified. A bad routine because of a full bladder is better than no routine.

She started off towards the balance beam, and as she looked around, she noticed she was the centre of attention again. “Note to self; don’t grab crotch,” she thought. She also wished her routine started different from how it does. She heaved herself onto the beam and sat on it, with one leg on either side. She leaned forward, putting a lot of pressure on her bladder, and almost but just not touched the beam with her stomach. She moved her arms artistically around it and put her feet on the beam behind her; with a burst she jumped up and stood straight up; she made it through the beginning, but was increasingly uncomfortable.

Then came some jumping, some pirouettes, but she felt her legs trembling. As she bend her left leg and swayed the other around the edge of the beam, she felt her bladder almost voiding. Her left leg quivered violently for a second, and she almost lost her balance. She quickly put her right leg back on the beam and almost stumbled when she first misplaced it. This was not going to be her best performance.

Then came the cartwheel, normally her strong suit; but turning upside down and right side up again was not good for her bladder. As she landed unstably, she felt a spasm and lost balance; she fell down on the ground, next to the beam, on hands and knees. Immediately she buried both her hands in her crotch, only to realize what she was doing with everyone watching her two seconds later, but it was enough to hang on for now. She had to get back on the beam and finish her routine, albeit with a head read as a tomato. Her movements that were meant to be elegant could be classified as walking around at best.

Now for her big finale; another cartwheel ending in a summersault directly afterwards, jumping off the beam and down on the ground. This cartwheel went much better than the previous one, and she could launch herself into the final summersault easily. As she landed comfortably, though, she realized she let a spurt escape during the flight. Her crotch felt wet. She just hoped it wasn’t that bad, as she presented herself like everything went as intended. She felt another spurt escape, felt her face get redder and walked towards the side of the competition area as fast as possible without running, trying to act as normal as possible.

Walking past her competitors, she felt another spurt escape. Her hands shot to her crotch again and she had to stop walking for a bit; she regained control but felt her leotard was now significantly wet. When she could walk again, keeping her legs as close to each other as she could, she felt the upper parts of her thighs had become slippery. She was happy the lower part of her leotard was black; maybe nobody noticed that she had been leaking. She sped out of the gymnasium towards the dressing rooms. As soon as she was out of sight, she couldn’t keep her hands from her crotch. Being close to the toilet brought her on the verge of totally losing control. She hobbled through the hallway over to the door of the women’s dressing room, which she opened with her elbow. Once inside, she slammed the door shut with her other elbow, and -

Pssssssssssssssssssssst

- she lost control. She felt her crotch getting warmer, the warmth spreading and she heard some of it splatter on the floor. She held on with all her might and managed to stem the flow, but she knew her bladder was seconds away from totally voiding. She decided to run to the toilet. As soon as she started, her bladder started too. It was just minimizing the damage now. As she ran over to the toilet door, urine ran down her legs and left a trail of drops and small puddles. She opened the door with her right hand while trying to undo her leotard on that same arm with her left one.

After she closed the door, she managed to get her right arm out of it, but she was already standing in a puddle of her own making; pee streamed down her legs and with one revealed arm and breast, she sat down as she really started peeing full stream. She tried to move the crotch out of the way, but pee had already saturated the material around her but and was falling into the toilet straight from it in several streams. After one attempt failed, she just put her elbows on her knees, rested her head on her hands and looked down at her crotch as it glistened with pee streaming through it. She couldn’t believe it; she was having an accident.

Having an accident in her leotard while training or at a competition wasn’t something new for Jasmin; but it was long ago. The last time it happened, she was 15 years old, and packing extra leotards to a small tournament like this in case of accidents had gotten out of her system. Thinking of this, tears started to form; she wasn’t going to compete in this wet one. She could try to borrow one from the other girls around her size, some of them are bound to have an extra one, but then it would be really obvious what happened since it would look different. At home, she always has at least two versions of the same one especially for this sort of thing. She was weighing her options, but decided she would continue competing, and she didn’t really have much of a choice. She used half the roll of toilet paper to dry the puddle in front of her, flushing the toilet several times with saturated paper, and got out of her soaked leotard.

She dried her legs, private parts and her eyes, and picked up her leotard. As she stepped out of the toilet, she became even more red-faced than she already was. Her coach was there, getting her pee to the shower with a squeegee, and as she stood in the door opening of the toilet, naked with her leotard over her arm, another girl came walking in. She was blonde, just a little shorter than Jasmin, with a completely pink leotard. It was the girl that fell onto her butt at the vault. The girl stopped for a second when she saw the naked girl, averted her gaze and walked right past her into the toilet. Not long after that, Jasmin heard the sound of a steady stream falling into the water. She walked over to the nearest sink and started rinsing out her leotard, while finally taking care of her thirst.

“Where’s your bag, than I can get your spare one” Elisabeth said. Jasmin started stumbling.

“I I ehm I ah I d didn’t b bring one” she managed to get out, on the verge of tears again.

“What? Why? You know this can happen, right? You said you always bring a spare one! You promised last year when I became your coach” Elisabeth said, obviously annoyed.

Jasmin just started sobbing, not able to bring an intelligible word out. Walked over, grabbed her by her upper arms and sat her down on the nearest bench.

“Can you at least point to your bag, so I can get something to cover you up?” She asked.

Jasmin pointed, and Elisabeth came back with a large towel that she wrapped around Jasmin’s naked body.

“I... I..’m sorry, I’ll always bring one fr from n... n now on” Jasmin managed to say.

She couldn’t describe how ashamed she felt. Sure, it was her first accident in over a year and her first one while doing gymnastics in almost two years, but somewhere she always knew it was bound to happen again, and still she stopped bringing spare leotards. If she just had continued that, she probably wouldn’t be crying right now. She was mainly afraid she couldn’t continue competing.

The toilet door opened, and the blonde girl with the pink leotard came out.

“You can borrow one of mine if it fits you” she said.

“Really? I can’t thank you enough!” Jasmin said, as her face visibly lit up.

“Just make sure you shower first,” the girl said.

“Thank you thank you thank you!” Jasmin said eagerly, while standing up and fixing her towel so it wouldn’t fall. She walked over to the girl and said “Let me hug you!”

“Just... shower. I don’t know which part of you has touched what Then you can see if it fits and hug me if you like,” the girl said, backing away from Jasmin.

“Okay, I’ll make it quick!”

As soon as Jasmin was done showering and drying herself, wearing just a towel like before, she approached the girl and surprised her by hugging her intensely.

“Oh, hey, hai, ehm, right there, you can choose between red and pink,” the girl said while immersed in Jasmin’s hug.

“Oh, wow, you have two spare ones, nice!” Jasmin said, seemingly forgotten that she was sobbing just ten minutes before.

Now the other girl’s face reddened. While looking down and moving her right leg to seem as innocent as possible, she answered. “Yeah, ehm, I wet my spare one once or twice so since then I take two spare ones with me.”

“Okay, then I’ll take the red one, so you can take another pink one if you have an accident,” Jasmin said happily. “By the way, what’s your name?”

“Lisa Vines, nice to meet you” she said.

“I’m Jasmin Gardner, nice to meet you too!”

“I kind of already knew that,” Lisa said. “You’re the best gymnast in the region!”

“Haha, I don’t know, I think I still have a lot to learn from Lindsey Atkins I think,” Jasmin said. “She finished higher than me last year in the national championships.”

“Yeah, but you won the Westerland championship!” said Lisa.

“Yeah, but the national championship is way more important, I want to be the best of Füderland!” Jasmin said, while getting herself into Lisa’s red leotard. “I think it fits, by the way,” she added as she was putting her arms in.

“The revised schedule says you’re going on the uneven bars in twenty minutes, by the way,” Elisabeth said, interrupting the two. “And you are on directly afterwards, Lisa, as the last competitor. At first you were first and second, but I managed to change it around while you were showering, otherwise you would have to run now.”

“Oh, wow, they’re trying to get this done quickly. Thanks!” Lisa said.

“By the way, is there some info on Lily? Is she going to be okay?” Jasmin asked.

“Last thing I heard was that she stayed conscious and is out of danger, but she’ll probably need a while to recover. If there’s more I’ll tell you after you’ve won the tournament, now go stretch and get ready!”

As the girls walked back into the gymnasium, Abigail Douglas was just about to start her routine. As she covered her hands in talc, Jasmin just sat down to watch the competition, while drinking from a water bottle to regain some the hydration she lost when she needed to pee. Her coach lifted Abigail up to the higher bar and she started swinging. Two times around the high bar. A turn and the switch to the lower one, which seemed easy for her because of her small posture. After a few rounds, she switched to the high bar again, but... she slipped! She fell down on her stomach, but got up again. Her coach helped her back up to the high bar, but her arms seemed to be trembling now.

She didn’t nearly have the amount of confidence she had the first time, and when she let herself fall to start swinging around the bar again, she didn’t have enough velocity and just got around the bar for two simple turns before she jumped off. Jasmin looked at her score from the previous round, which was surprisingly close to the rest of the scores, and got a happy feeling inside; she knew she just had to simply do her simple routine and not fall and she would win it. Sure, she would like to win by actually beating the others at their best, but after the last round that wouldn’t be possible anymore, so she was sort of happy Abigail fell. But she hadn’t really shown the best of her yet today. The more she thought about it, the more she realized she was just second because of the vault. She would have to show something more. She was going for it.

After stretching and watching others get scores not much higher than Abigail’s, it was time. She made sure she had enough talc on her hands and started. Elisabeth helped her up to the high bar, and she started enthusiastically. She did two turns, turned her direction around and launched herself as high as she could; after a double summersault, she got on the high bar in her original swinging direction again and immediately jumped to the low bar with her legs spread and arms down. She grabbed it and turned around it two times like that before letting go and flying, backwards, back to the high bar. She increased her velocity to the maximum and jumped off spectacularly, twisting and turning in all directions but in the end standing perfectly still facing the judges.

YES!

She had let them know what she could do. There was no way she would not win this now. Even the judges were clapping; they normally only see this stuff on TV. Just before Lisa started, Jasmin’s score was announced. The difference with Abigail’s was double what she needed to win. But more importantly; she had shown her capabilities with that last routine. Because winning this competition is nothing special as long as you don’t do it in style.

As she sat down, she got the congratulations and compliments from the other competitors, while also complimenting Abigail for making it interesting, and telling her she should become a top competitor if she could gain a bit more confidence. Meanwhile, Lisa was actually doing okay on the uneven bars, and came in second on that event, making her third in the overall score.

“Will everyone please leave the floor as soon as possible. The awards ceremony will be in 45 minutes in the hall between gymnasium one and two. The futsal match of CFC against Westerland Wanderers is delayed 15 minutes.”

“Really? An awards ceremony in a hall between gymnasiums?” Abigail said, as every athlete and coach was shooed away while forklifts and an army of men streamed into the gymnasium and started to clear everything. Most athletes were still hurrying to put on their warmer clothes over their leotards. “I think they have everything booked for the rest of the day,” Lisa said as she walked up to the rest, having just landed.

“So what do we do now?” Elisabeth said. “Should we just wait in the canteen until the awards ceremony is there?”

“Let’s grab a drink with the podium winners while we’re there,” Abigail’s coach said. “If we’re going to have to wait, we might as well make the best of it.”

“Okay, but first I’ll check if there is more info on Lily, like I promised,” Elisabeth said.

The group of 2 coaches and three gymnasts made their way into the canteen and claimed a round table, and sat waiting for Elisabeth to bring news about Lily Norwood.

“Okay, I have good news!” Elisabeth said. “She has a concussion, one broken rib and some serious bruises, they’re monitoring her for the next two days and doing more checks, but that seems to be everything. She’s been lucky to not have a serious neck or back-injury, so they expect her to be out of bed in a week and swinging from bars again in a few months.”

“Let’s drink to that!” Lisa’s coach, who turned out to also be her father, said. “So, Lisa is sixteen so she can drink alcohol, but I don´t know about you two?”

“I’m seventeen,” Jasmin said.

“Just pretend I was born one month early” Abigail said, with a twinkle in her eyes. Lisa’s father didn’t seem sure about it, but when her coach said ‘for this time’ he agreed to break the law. Two beers, a red wine for Elisabeth and three sweet white wines for the girls were ordered and they had a toast to the podium and Lily’s health. At the entrance of the massive sports complex they were in, you could buy greetings cards, so Elisabeth got one and they, even though nobody knew her before, made a get well card for Lily out of it.

After that, everyone got to know each other more and more and it got pretty sociable. Abigail laughed out loud when Lisa, despite some half-hearted protest, told how she and Jasmin met earlier that day, but after Elisabeth told them about the trail of pee Jasmin had left for her coach, everyone laughed. Jasmin could get a jab back by telling about the two extra leotards of Lisa, after Lisa was only talking about ‘her spare one’. Since they had toasted on two things before, it of course only made sense to get a second round after that, which mainly increased the amount of high-pitched laughter since none of the girls was used to drinking alcohol.

“The awards ceremony for the women’s artistic gymnastics will begin in a few minutes in the hall between gymnasium one and gymnasium two”

They almost forgot! Hurryingly laughing about their silliness, they finished their drinks and got moving. They had even put a podium in the hall, and there actually were more people at the ceremony than there normally would be, as people who walked by stopped to see what was going on.

Standing up and getting out of her warm clothes, to receive her prize, was actually pretty hard for Jasmin, since she wasn’t used to having alcohol in her body. She almost tumbled over as one foot remained stuck in her sweatpants, and Abigail needed to lean against the wall to keep standing. Lisa took no chances; she sat on the podium and wiggled a bit as she pulled her pants down. At this point, Jasmin started to think it was annoying that she couldn’t contain her laughing; the water she drank, combined with the alcohol afterwards, had filled her bladder up again, and laughing felt a bit insecure at this point.

But she was certain she was not the only one with a problem; even after Lisa had gotten out of her pants, she was wiggling. Jasmin tried to refrain from automatically grabbing her crotch, which is hard to do while intoxicated. But people were watching them, and she already was having trouble holding her balance constantly at this point. She managed to get her face straight, as did Abigail to the left of her. Lisa, however, seemed to have no trouble with people watching her. As the officials got ready, holding the three medals and bouquets, it was time for her to stand up. As she did so, she grabbed her crotch with her right hand and loudly whispered towards Jasmin, enough for Abigail to hear it too: “I need to peeeeeeee”. Straight faces gone.

“The bronze medal, with a great last stint to make it to the podium, is for Lisa Vines”

Clap, clap, clap.

Lisa’s hand suddenly let go of her crotch, as if she suddenly realised all the people looking on, and with a bit of effort got onto the podium and received her medal and bouquet.

“After a great performance, Abigail Douglas snatched the second place”

Abigail confidently took the step up the podium, but her balance was off and she fell backwards. Luckily Jasmin was still there to catch her, or there would’ve been a second concussion that day. The second try went much better and while laughing she accepted her prize.

“It seems like they have already been celebrating,” (muffled laughter from the crowd, high-pitched uncontrolled laughter from Lisa) “let’s see if the one with the most reason had been doing the same: Jasmin Gardner!”

Jasmin rose to the podium, careful to not make the same mistake as Abigail since hers was the highest and there was nobody to catch her left. But in her focus of not falling backwards, she was caught by the official in front of her, smashing the flowers in between, which even increased Lisa’s laughing. Abigail tried to contain herself, but was obviously entertained. Jasmin felt her face going red though she wasn’t sure if the people in the crowd were laughing at her or at Lisa’s laugh. All she knew is that she would have to keep from laughing or she would not return Lisa’s leotard dry. There she stood, with crossed legs and a red face with a dumb smile, accepting her gold medal and smashed bouquet.

“Congratulations girls! Have a nice further celebration and a thank you for the crowd for turning up, have a nice day!”

Jasmin looked over to her right, and saw Lisa constantly also standing with crossed legs, constantly moving. “Can we go?” she asked. “I’m going!” And she carefully stepped off the podium and walked towards the girls’ changing room, bouquet in one hand, crotch in the other. Jasmin had to follow, so she stepped down from first to third place and down to the ground.

“Can you take our stuff please? I have to ehm... go” she asked Abigail, not waiting for an answer before following Lisa’s footsteps. She saw Elisabeth do a facepalm in the crowd, presumably about the whole ordeal.

“I can make it this time, I can make it this time” Jasmin said to herself. She wasn’t quite sure, she had drunk alcohol before (though two glasses was her maximum), and she had been this desperate before, she had even been more desperate today as you might remember, but she had never combined the two. But she thought she could make it. And she would have. But once in the changing room, she realized a flaw in her thinking; why was she heading to the same toilet as Lisa? She knew it would be occupied!

Even so, she banged on the door while she threw her bouquet on top of Lisa’s. “Hurry up or I’m going to pee your pants!” She said. She couldn’t resist the joke. And it was received, judging from the laughing inside.

“Doesn’t matter, I’m already peeing in them anyway!” Lisa managed to say between laughs. Jasmin didn’t expect this response; she started laughing uncontrollably and lost control over something else. She recognized it was no use; she parted her legs as Lisa’s leotard turned a darker shade of red between Jasmin’s legs and a big, almost clear stream fell down from the centre of it and made a loud splattering noise as it hit the tile floor, and small streams going down her legs towards her feet.

“It’s happening, I’m actually peeing your pants!” Jasmin said.

“Wow, really?” Lisa said as the toilet door opened, revealing Lisa sitting on the toilet with her leotard still on and a puddle in front of the toilet, much like Jasmin’s first accident, and revealing Jasmin’s accident to Lisa, which made Lisa flabbergasted, so that the only sound filling the room was Lisa’s big stream of pee hitting her expanding puddle of pee between her legs.

The door of the changing room swung open and Abigail came in, almost yelling.

“Next time please ask if I maybe too need to – oh,” quieting down as she saw the spectacle in front of her. Then she threw all the clothes in her hands and her bouquet on the ground and ran into the showers. As Jasmin’s splattering slowly died down, another splattering started.

“Is that you or the shower, Abigail?” Lisa asked, with a teasing voice. She got up, as she was done by now, and walked past Jasmin who was still slowly peeing, giving her a view of her ass, which was completely wet. Jasmin followed Lisa, and they both saw how pee was running down Abigail’s legs as she turned on the shower and jumped under it.

“Now it’s the shower” she said. Lisa joined in as all three laughed at what had just happened, while Jasmin first used the squeegee to place her puddle in the shower drain before joining. This way they could wash themselves and their clothes simultaneously.

“Girls, why are you showering with your leotards still on and at least close the door!” Elisabeth’s voice.

“Oh, yeah, the door” Abigail said. “That’s my fault.”

“And why are you showering in your leotard?” Elisabeth continued.

“Well, it got wet anyway, so yeah...” Lisa answered with a grin, as Abigail suddenly seemed more interested in the floor.

“What, all three of you?” Elisabeth said, unbelievingly.

The laughing that followed said enough. Elisabeth walked away, shaking her head, closing the door behind her. And Jasmin thought back to when she still thought this day was dull. In the end it seems like she made two great friends today.

