Rarity's Golden Shower

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-04-21 23:04

I wrote this by request on fimfiction.net, thinking I wouldn't be able to do much with what little I got from the requestor, but I think it turned out well, and I thought I might put this story up here too (at least here no one will dislike it for the subject matter). I hope you like it, and don't find the quality too low, it's only my second golden shower story. Don't mind how stretchy the scenarios get or how OoC the characters might be. And I try to make the golden showers overlap with my preferred style and dislike for nudity.

This story is Equestria Girls themed, in case it isn't clear.

Rarity's Golden Shower

Rarity and Rainbow Dash were going for a walk at the park. Rarity was wearing her usual purple skirt, and Rainbow Dash was wearing her usual dark pink skirt with skintight black shorts underneath.

It was a hot summer day, so Rarity had drank about five bottles of water, six cups of cider, a can of soda, and two boxes of orange juice.

They sat on a bench, and Rarity talked about a fashion show she was planning, while Rainbow Dash talked about a soccer game she was going to be playing, and how she had won her last game.

About ten minutes into their conversation, Rarity felt a powerful urge to pee. All she had drank today had gone through her already. But she didn't want to break off the conversation with Rainbow Dash yet, so she crossed her legs and decided to hold it. After all, there was a bathroom just next to the park entrance. She could run to it any time she wanted.

"And then Sunset can wear this sparkly dress," said Rarity. "It will be fit for a princess. The crowd will simply adore..."

She stopped. She had drank so much, the need to pee was growing rapidly. She started fidgeting hard. She looked over at Rainbow Dash, and tried to stop, blushing at how obvious her desperation was.

"Rarity, if you have to go, just go," said Rainbow Dash. "There's a bathroom right over there."

Rarity stood up, and felt a small spurt of pee leak into her purple panties. She whimpered, but held the rest of it it, and ran toward the park bathroom as fast as she could.

She had barely gone a meter when out of nowhere, Pinkie Pie jumped out. "Hey Rarity! Whatchya..."

Unable to stop, Rarity smashed directly into Pinkie and fell on her butt. The sudden pressure was too much for Rarity, and she lost all control. A soft hissing sound could be heard, and a puddle grew under Rarity, rapidly expanding.

Rarity blushed with embarrassment as she flooded her panties, and the back of her skirt became soaked where she sat. It wasn't long before the front of her skirt was also soaked. She couldn't believe she was wetting herself in front of Pinkie Pie and Rainbow Dash.

Instead of whimpering, however, Rarity let out a sigh of relief and satisfaction. She loved the feeling of the warm wetness soaking her panties. She had never peed in her dress before - only dirty pairs of underwear at the end of the day, in the shower.

Twilight Sparkle of Equestria had wet herself once, and Rarity had found it arousing, although she hid this from her and everyone else. At the moment this had been overridden by her desire to make her feel better. But since then, Rarity had tried peeing her panties and found it one of her favorite things to do, in secret, for she didn't want anyone to know she did something so unladylike. She had later found out her fetish had a name: Omorashi, a type of watersports.

Now, here she was, wetting her skirt, in front of two of her friends. Although part of her felt embarrassed, most of her loved the thrill and the naughty feeling of what she was doing for the first time.

Rainbow Dash stared. She had been aroused by Twilight's accident, but Rarity's was even hotter. Rainbow felt bad for Rarity, she hadn't wanted her to pee herself, but she couldn't help but drool at the sight before her.

After almost a minute, Rarity finished peeing, and let out another satisfied sigh. "Ah, that's better. That was simply divine!"

Then she remembered her accident was out in the open, in front of Pinkie Pie and Rainbow Dash. She looked behind her at Rainbow Dash, blushing profusely. Rainbow also blushed, immediately changing the expression on her face.

Rarity stood up and ran, feeling ashamed. It was humiliating enough to wet herself in front of Rainbow Dash. It was another to show how much she had enjoyed it. What would Rainbow Dash think of her?

Rainbow watched Rarity run, and felt bad about how much she had enjoyed Rarity's accident. She didn't want to take pleasure in someone else's pain, especially Rarity, and was sure that Rarity had seen the look on her face. She stood up, deciding to find Rarity and make her feel better.

Rarity ran along a path, until she grew tired, and sat down, with her arms around her legs and her head buried in her knees. She was never going to live this down.

"Rarity!" came a familiar voice. Rarity lifted her head up and turned her head to see Rainbow Dash running up behind her. "Are you all right?"

"I... I don't think so," said Rarity.

"I never wanted that to happen," said Rainbow Dash. "And I still really like you. Come with me to my house and you can shower and change."

"So... you're not disgusted by this?"

Wait, she didn't know?

"Why would I be? Accidents happen. Was I disgusted when Twilight wet herself?"

"I know, but..." She hesitated, and then continued. "Didn't you see my... reaction to it?"

"No, why?" said Rainbow Dash, her heart pounding.

"I... have a watersports fetish. There, I said it. I hope you won't think of me any differently..."

Rainbow's heart leapt. "It's all right Rarity. Between you and me, I have a watersports fetish too!"

"You do?" said Rarity, feeling all shame leave her.

"Totally, for several years now. I felt really bad cause I really liked watching you pee, and I didn't want you to feel bad."

Rarity stood up and gave Rainbow Dash a hug. At the same time, something occurred to her. Something she'd always dreamed of that she would have never dared ask of anyone, but if anyone was right for the job, it was Rainbow. "Dashie, can I ask a small favor of you?"

"Anything you want, Rares," said Rainbow.

Rarity's heart was racing. "Since you and I both have the fetish... could you maybe... give me a golden shower? That's always been one of my deepest fantasies." She blushed.

"A golden shower?" said Rainbow Dash, her heart beating as fast as Rarity's. She had never thought she'd get to do this to someone. Much less the seemingly-prissy Rarity.

"You... do know what a golden shower is, right?"

"Of course I know! And I'd love to! I'll go get some drinks. I'll be right back."

Rarity sat patiently in her wet panties and skirt until Rainbow Dash returned with a big cooler on wheels containing several large bottles of soda, and some water bottles.

Rainbow drank five bottles of soda at once, and three bottles of water, until she couldn't drink anymore.

Ten minutes after, while Rainbow waited for her bladder to fill up, Rarity drank nearly as much as her. Rainbow had a hunch as to why Rarity was doing this. She didn't say anything in case she was wrong, but she was excited for it all the same. She drank another bottle of soda to speed things up.

An hour into the wait, Rainbow Dash felt like she was about to burst. "All right, it's time!"

Rarity's skirt was still damp, and she was looking forward to what was to come.

"You sure no one's going to see us?" said Rarity.

"If I see someone coming, we'll hide behind a tree until they're gone," said Rainbow Dash. "But I haven't seen anyone here except Pinkie Pie, and I don't see her anywhere."

Rarity was still sitting down on the path, and leaned backward slightly to lower her head, allowing Rainbow Dash to stand directly above her, with her legs on either side of Rarity.

"I don't have to pull my shorts down, do I?" said Rainbow.

"Do it however you want," said Rarity, who was already anxious for her golden shower and impatient from waiting an hour.

With that, Rainbow began peeing. Before long her shorts were soaked, and she was peeing through them all over Rarity, sighing of relief.

Rarity loved the feeling of the warm pee raining down on her, soaking her completely in a matter of seconds, including her already-damp skirt and panties. She let out a moan of ecstasy as her deepest fetish-related wish was fulfilled. This was even better than wetting herself, and she'd be sure to ask Rainbow to do this again!

Rainbow heard Rarity and knew she was enjoying this as much as she was. She had only had to pee for less than a minute, but already the relief felt great, and she liked the feeling of the warmth spreading through her shorts, some trickling down her legs, but most splashing on Rarity, the girl who shared her fetish.

After just over two minutes, Rainbow Dash stopped peeing, and stepped aside so she was facing Rarity. Rarity was soaked from head to foot and smelled of urine, but she was panting with immense satisfaction and arousal.

"That was... just wonderful, Dashie!"

"Thanks," said Rainbow, feeling how wet her shorts were and loving it. "We'll have to do this again sometime."

Rarity continued to sit there, taking in the moment of her deepest fetish being satisfied.

All of a sudden, Pinkie Pie came running out, positioning herself above Rarity the same way Rainbow Dash had. Rarity could see up her pink skirt, and blushed.

"Pinkie Pie, what are you doing..."

She paused as Pinkie's white panties grew wet, and another shower of hot pee cascaded on Rarity. Rainbow stared in utter amazement as Pinkie simultaneously wet herself and gave Rarity another golden shower, while Pinkie just giggled.

Rarity didn't stop to feel ashamed that Pinkie had most likely witnessed the whole thing between her and Rainbow Dash. All she felt was the yellow rain on her, and she loved it.

Pinkie peed for just under three minutes, which impressed Rainbow a great deal, and then stepped aside. Pinkie's underwear and the front of her skirt were soaked, but she didn't mind.

"What are you doing here?" said Rainbow Dash, though she was far from annoyed.

"I overheard you talking about golden showers, so I drank 10 big bottles of soda and waited for you to finish!" said Pinkie. "Since Rarity likes it so much and I find it really funny, I thought, why not do it to her as well?"

"We... find it more than just funny," said Rainbow Dash.

"Yes, but it was so divine!" said Rarity, who was soaking wet and satisfied beyond what she'd intended.

"Glad you liked it," said Pinkie.

"But promise not to tell anyone about any of this."

"Cross my heart and hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye! See ya!" She casually ran off.

Before long, Rarity stood up and said "I have to pee something dreadful. Rainbow Dash, would you like a golden shower?"

"Would I?" said Rainbow Dash, and she sat down in the same position as Rarity, who stood above her so that Rainbow was between her legs. Rainbow could see Rarity's purple panties.

"Ahhhhhh," said Rarity as she started to pee. Her stream quickly passed through her soaking wet panties and showered Rainbow Dash, soaking her just as quickly as Rainbow had done to Rarity.

Rainbow could see why Rarity loved this so much. It felt just as relaxing as taking a regular shower, except one that satisfied her fetish. Rarity was peeing her panties all over her, and she loved it. Rainbow closed her eyes and sighed in satisfaction as she felt Rarity's pee soak her hair, her shirt, through her damp skirt and into her already-wet shorts.

Rarity also took great pleasure in this, peeing herself for the second time today, but this time without any shame, as well as returning the favor to Rainbow Dash for making her fantasy come true.

In the process, Rainbow felt her bladder fill up with what remained of what she had drank, so she let it all out in her shorts.

Rarity peed for just under two minutes, but it was still long enough for Rainbow Dash to enjoy it to the fullest extent.

"That... was... AWESOME!" said Rainbow Dash, who was just as wet as Rarity now and loved it.

They sat at the side of the path behind a tree, and had a fun conversation about watersports. By sunset they decided to go home. There was a water park somewhere in this park, so they played around in it to mostly wash the pee off them, and then returned to their respective homes, showered, changed into their pajamas, and thought about how fun today had been - and how fun the future would be!

