Princess Daisy's Olympic Desperation

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-05-25 05:50

Well, I'm about to write a story that's never been written before. I can only hope the other omorashi lovers will like it. If anyone wants to make art based on this, be my guest, I'd LOVE to see it!

Notes: This is a Mario fanfic, or rather one based on Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games. In this story, some of the races or events might be longer than in the games, and Daisy does NOT change out of her usual sports outfit for gymnastics, aquatics, or Equestrian)

Princess Daisy's Olympic Desperation

Princess Daisy was feeling very energetic today. Perhaps it was the energy drink she drank earlier today. She wanted to compete in as many Olympic events as possible, so she signed up for several events in a row today!

She was wearing her usual sports outfit - a yellow tank top and short, orange shorts.

She started out with a warmup - 100M Sprint. She ran the race, and, being as fast as she was, won the race easily. After she was presented with her gold medal, she drank five bottles of water, for she was a little thirsty after running the race and it was a mildly hot day.

Next, Daisy did Rhythmic Ribbon. She was up first, and ran around, making the correct motions with her ribbon. Once she was done, she drank five more bottles of water and a soda while watching Peach, Blaze, and Wario do Rhythmic Ribbon. Blaze proved to be more graceful than her and won, but Daisy got the bronze medal.

Next was a game of table tennis against Donkey Kong. The game dragged on for a while, with them each alternating between scoring a point, causing the game to go on for about half an hour. Daisy lost a point when she realized that she was going to miss her 100M Freestyle. But, eventually, she beat Donkey Kong when she scored two points in a row.

Daisy missed 100M Freestyle, but hopefully she would be in time for 100M Hurdles. She ran to the event and just made it in time, drinking seven bottles of water because she hadn't had time to drink it after the tennis game.

She ran the Hurdles, jumping over every one perfectly and winning the race. She drank three more bottles of water after this.

As Daisy made her way to 4 by 100M Relay, she felt she needed to pee. She had drank a lot of water and it was starting to go through her. But, she was sure she could hold it.

Daisy was to be the third to run. The first was Wario, and the second was Bowser. She was a little concerned that they wouldn't get to her fast enough. Ahead of her was Sonic, so he'd make up for their slowness.

The race began. Daisy fidgeted slightly as she waited for Wario and Bowser to get to her. Eventually, Bowser reached her and threw the baton to her. Daisy dropped it due to her need to pee and Bowser's clumsiness. Daisy picked it up and ran as fast as she could, giving the baton to Sonic as soon as she reached him. Sonic won the race. Daisy was panting, and drank four more bottles of water.

Daisy looked at the clock, hoping she'd have time to use the bathroom, but to her dismay she saw that it was almost time for her next event to start - Long Jump.

She and each of the other eight had to jump three times. Daisy was always the last to jump, and fidgeted hard for it. As she watched them jump, Daisy felt her need to pee become greater. After her first jump, she realized she could just go to the bathroom while her opponents jumped, but found all the stalls to be full of female Toads. She ran fast and got all the highest score on all three jumps.

Daisy had to rush to cycling immediately, and got there less than a minute before the beginning of the event. On her team were Peach, Mario, and Luigi. Daisy rode her bike as fast as she could, and the others could barely keep up with her. When she began to get tired, she moved to the back. With her teammates in front of her, she had to go a little slower. Once she was in front again, they rode fast enough to catch the opposing team.

Daisy was tired, and a little sweaty, so she drank five bottles of water, not thinking of the consequences.

She wished she could have allowed herself a break between events at least once, for she really needed to go, but had to run to volleyball. It was Daisy and Vector against Knuckles and Amy.

She decided to win the game right away so she could have some time to spare before trampoline and go to the bathroom. She had to pee really badly.

It was all she could do to hit the ball and not have her hands on her crotch. She nearly lost it when she jumped up to spike the ball, so she was more cautious after.

The game lasted average length, and Daisy and Vector lost. Daisy looked at the clock. It was time for trampoline to begin.

Daisy chugged down three more bottles of water and ran to trampoline. This would be torture to do while holding it, but she'd do her best.

She jumped up and down on the trampoline and posed as best she could, but the throbbing of her bladder made it very difficult for her, and she nearly leaked when getting into a position in which she stretched backwards. As a result, she didn't pose as good as she could have, and placed sixth.

With one hand on her crotch, she checked the screen for what her next event was, and cringed when she saw it was uneven bars, right away. She drank two more water bottles, and ran to the event as fast as she could. By the time she got there, Silver was already doing the uneven bars.

"I have to go to the bathroom!" said Daisy.

"The bathroom of this area is out of order," said Toad.

Daisy moaned and sat down on the sidelines, fidgeting hard. She was in desperate need of a bathroom, but the one time she had the chance she couldn't go!

After Silver, Bowser Jr., and Waluigi finished their Uneven Bars, it was Daisy's turn. She swung around on the bars as best she could. This was even worse than trampoline due to her very full bladder, which was filling up even more by the second from all the water she had continued to drink. This affected her performance again, and she slipped up a few times. Finally, it came time for the last swing. She swung on the bar and jumped to the ground, trying to pose, but instead she fell on her butt, squirting slightly into her underwear and dampening her shorts slightly.

Daisy placed fourth, but she didn't care, she just wanted to find a bathroom.

Sadly for her, it was time for a 500 meter race instead.

She ran to the racetrack, and ran the race. Her need to pee made her run faster, as if she was running to a bathroom. She won by a landslide, but was exhausted, and her shorts were a little damp with sweat. She wished she had sweated enough to soak them completely, so she could just pee herself and no one would notice. She also wished she had signed up for an aquatics event next so she could pee in the water. The next one was so far away and she wasn't sure she could make it.

She drank five more bottles of water, knowing she'd regret it later. After receiving her gold medal, she ran to her next event, Equestrian.

Daisy sat atop her horse, with Luigi, Tails, and Metal Sonic as her three opponents. Luigi went first, and Daisy had to wait on her horse for him to finish. She fidgeted even harder, and her horse looked a little nervous that Daisy might pee all over it. She tried crossing her legs, but fell off the horse and nearly wet herself there. After rubbing her sore butt for a few seconds, she climbed back onto her horse and continued to squirm.

After Luigi, Tails, and Metal Sonic were done, it was Daisy's turn. She ran her horse as fast as she could, jumping a few hurdles but knocking several of them over, and she even fell off the horse again. She climbed back up and finished the race, placing third.

She immediately had to run to Football (soccer) after that. Her team was Luigi, Wario, and Blaze, and her opponents were Peach, Bowser Jr., Metal Sonic, and Waluigi.

Daisy was usually really good at this sport, but right now she needed to pee more badly than she ever had in her life, and could barely keep the ball for two seconds before one of her opponents stole it. Waluigi and Bowser Jr. tripped her several times, nearly causing her to lose control. Bowser Jr. even kicked her in the butt once, seeing how badly she needed to go.

The game went on for several rounds without a goal, and with each round the pressure in Daisy's bladder grew, so that the throbbing became unbearable. She was holding herself the entire game. She still had to drink a bottle of water between each game, but decided to not drink more than absolutely necessary anymore.

Her shorts were no longer damp with sweat, so if she peed herself it would be very noticeable.

Eventually, Luigi scored a goal, and when time ran out, Daisy's team won.

After taking the gold medal, Daisy ran. Due to the length of the game she had missed her javelin throw, discus, her next hurdles, and her 400 meter race, but she was just in time for her hammer throw. It was her turn fourth, and as she swung the hammer around, she leaked a little, forming a small wet spot on her shorts. She threw the hammer, and had to wait for the other four players to finish, fidgeting even harder, feeling the pee slosh around inside her.

Daisy won a gold medal, and immediately ran to her next event, Badminton. It was her and Mario against Sonic and Silver.

She was more desperate than ever, and could barely even hit the birdie, holding the racket with one hand and holding herself with the other. She was close to reaching her limit. But, if she could just make it past this event and the next, there would be 100M Freestyle, and she could just pee in the water then, and no one would notice.

Sonic spiked the birdie down, hitting Daisy in the face and knocking her on her butt. She leaked for three seconds, and whimpered a little. Her panties were wetter, and the wet spot on her shorts was easier to notice. She got to her feet, still shaking with the effort of holding in her pee, and continued playing, but the tremendous waves of pee sloshing inside her kept her from playing better, causing Sonic and Silver to win.

Her next event was fencing, and she ran to it, dribbling the entire way, the wet spot on her shorts growing bigger. Her fencing match was against Peach. At this moment, she felt she was about to burst. But all she had to do was hold it for this event, win or lose, then get to her swimming race. Although, her shorts were getting pretty wet, she hadn't soaked them yet.

Daisy frantically swung her sword at Peach, hitting her a few times, but Peach parried her, and hit her several times. She used her special thrust, knocking Peach to the edge, and then hit her again, winning the match. Daisy fell on her butt and leaked for five seconds.

Fortunately for her, the attention was on Peach for winning. Peach blushed lightly at the sight of Daisy's shorts darkening a little more. Daisy got up, her bladder still trembling and feeling it could release itself any moment, and ran toward the swimming pool.

Unfortunately for her, the pool was on the opposite side of the olympic stadium as the swimming pool. She ran as fast as she could, dribbling more. At one point she bumped into Bowser and fell on her butt, wetting her shorts for six seconds. She got up, brushed herself off, and ran.

As the pool came into view, she lost control. Daisy leaked again, but instead of stopping, it became a steady stream, which only got harder. Daisy stopped in her tracks, blushing with embarrassment as she peed herself all the way. The warm wetness soaked her shorts, and waterfalls of pee flowed down her legs, forming a puddle at her feet and soaking her socks and shoes.

She couldn't help but feel relieved, despite her humiliation. She had held so much in for so long, and it felt wonderful to just let go.

"Ahhhhh, that's better," said Daisy, enjoying her accident for the moment.

She peed for a little over two and a half minutes, and eventually finished. Her shorts were soaked, and her legs glistened with pee, but she was feeling much better.

She remembered she was to start a swimming race - she couldn't miss this, or everyone in the event after would notice that only her shorts were wet and deduce that she wet herself.

She ran into the pool area. The race was about to start - Daisy had had the two minutes to spare, since the fencing match was over so quickly and she ran so fast. She quickly ran to her position, and hoped no one noticed the state she was in.

"On your mark... get set... go!"

Daisy dove into the water. She won the race, feeling refreshed at the swim, her now-empty bladder, and the fact that her accident could no longer be noticed.

Her next event was a 1,000 meter race, which she won, and drank 10 bottles of water. By the end of the race she had dried off. Then was a game of Football, with her, Peach, Mario, and Luigi against Bowser, Bowser Jr., Wario, and Waluigi. As the game began, Daisy felt a powerful urge to pee again - a combination of some of the pee left over, along with the water she had just drank, as her kidneys were on overdrive.

The game lasted over fifty rounds without a goal, and, in part due to the fouls caused by her opponents, Daisy didn't make it.

She made a mental note to allow a few breaks between events next time to avoid a repeat of this day. Even though she did find the experience to be slightly enjoyable...

*004*2017-05-25 19:40

Thanks. I don't get a lot of that on fimfiction.net, except from a small fanclub. I was suffering from a bit of fetish anxiety after I posted this and was afraid people would hate it for low quality or something I screwed up, but based on the comments it looks like I did all right.

*006*2017-05-26 01:14

About regular size

*008*2017-05-27 22:31

I also wrote a lower quality story about Misty, and two Equestria Girls themed My Little Pony stories. They're called Aria's Revenge and Rarity's Golden Shower, and if you type them into the search bar, you'll find them.

