The Lifeguard - An Audio Story

Author: tedted

*000*2024-07-11 14:50

I wanted to try and write something that was more like a traditional story, rather than a radio play, but still sounded like it was coming from the same universe as my previous attempts.

As a result, this one is perhaps slightly less immersive, but much more detailed. It's also roughly half an hour long, so you might want to put some time aside if you want to listen to it in one sitting.

Just in case any of you are worried about spoilers 🤣 This story is set chronologically after 'The Detention

' so if you haven't listened to that one yet - do so now. Or don't. It's up to you.

As always, contains female desperation, wetting and themes of a sexual nature. This is a work of fiction and any similarity to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. Enjoy!

&&

@@the-lifeguard.mp3

*002*2024-07-13 09:12

I'm so bored. I feel like I've been sitting here for hours.

I knew being a volunteer lifeguard would be boring, but this is ridiculous.

In fact, I didn't even volunteer for this. It was Mrs. Smith who volunteered me after Alice told her I was obsessed with water sports.

And I only told Alice that because I was bored and wanted to see her reaction.

She didn't get it, obviously. I even went as far as to say that I found getting wet exciting.

Nothing. She didn't get it at all. She is so innocent sometimes.

Well, let me tell you, this is the exact opposite of exciting.

Every Sunday for the last six weeks, I've been sitting here on this cheap plastic chair in this ancient community leisure center, watching as everyone splashes around in the water having the time of their lives.

It is completely pointless. No one has even come close to drowning.

I even had to do a two-day first aid course. And so far, there have been a grand total of zero accidents.

Well, actually, that's not strictly true. Last Sunday evening, I witnessed someone have an accident of a kind.

It happened right here by the pool. And let me tell you, I'd happily work a month of Sundays to witness it again.

It all started last Friday evening when Mrs. Smith called the house to ask if I would be able to stay behind for a couple of hours after the pool had closed to the public.

There was a new group of trainee lifeguards booked in from the local college, and there was no one from the leisure center free to supervise.

All I'd have to do, she said, is sit and watch them complete their training and then lock up once they'd left.

She said she realized it was a lot of responsibility. But due to a mix-up, I was their only option. And this group had been booked in for months.

To make locking up easier, she told me the receptionist would lock the main doors. Then, once the group arrived, I could let them in through the fire escape, which is directly next to the swimming pool.

That way, once they'd left, I would only need to make sure I closed the fire escape behind me on my way out.

So that's how I found myself last Sunday at ten past four, sitting alone next to an empty swimming pool in a locked leisure center, watching through the window as Beryl, the receptionist, pulled her car out of an empty car park and headed down the road on her way to her niece's clarinet recital.

For 20 minutes, I sat in silence, staring out through the giant panes of the pool's windows at the moody gray autumnal sky.

It was already starting to get dark. It felt kind of creepy sitting alone in a space that is usually so full of people.

To distract myself, I let my mind wander, as it often does, to Alice's little accident in the art room a few weeks ago.

I replayed in my mind how she had gradually gotten more and more desperate, going from discreetly squirming in her seat to firmly crossing her legs, and eventually to a full-on potty dance with her hand clasped tightly between her legs.

I remembered how she had pleaded and begged Mrs. Smith to let her run to the girl's lavatories so she could urgently relieve herself, and how firmly Mrs. Smith had denied her permission.

And then I remembered how just when Mrs. Smith finally realized that Alice was having a full-on toilet emergency and was on the brink of disgracing herself in front of both of us right there in the classroom, the door jammed and Alice wet herself.

Just as I was recalling the sight burned forever into my memory of Alice standing with her knees buckled, face bright red, fingers pressed tightly against her crotch, pee flooding forcibly down her legs, forming a growing puddle around her feet, a minibus pulled into the car park.

The minibus parked quickly, and a young woman who appeared to be in her mid-twenties stepped out of the driver's seat.

Dressed in fitted blue jeans, a red T-shirt, and a blue hoodie, she had freckled skin and dirty blonde hair that draped loosely over her shoulders.

She looked like someone who spent a lot of time outdoors, most likely on a beach somewhere. She was very cool and clearly the instructor of the class.

I imagined she was probably doing this as a way to make money after a summer of teaching people to surf.

From the back of the minibus, six trainee students emerged, all young girls around my age, dressed similarly to their instructor.

One in particular immediately caught my eye.

She wore light blue jeans and a Nirvana T-shirt under a black hoodie. Her hair was styled into a black pixie cut, and she had a cute little nose stud.

She had a definite alternative vibe going on.

A vibe, I should say, that is strictly forbidden at my school, but not, I guess, at the local community college.

I'm not going to lie. I thought she was really hot.

While the students retrieved their rucksacks from the back of the minibus, the instructor quickly jogged across the car park toward the fire escape.

She then cupped her hands around her eyes and peered through the glass, spotting me immediately. With a slightly crooked smile, she waved at me enthusiastically and then jogged back to the minibus to assist with the unloading.

Realizing this was my cue, I got up to open the door.

As I stood at the open fire escape, watching the instructor unload a couple of plastic boxes and a flip chart, my eyes were once again drawn to the alternative girl whose name I'd later learn was Jen.

While the other girls eagerly waited to help carry the equipment into the sports center, Jen stood slightly back from the group, her grubby Converse trainers planted firmly on the tarmac with one ankle casually crossed over the other.

She seemed distracted, peering expectantly across the car park towards the main reception entrance.

However, upon seeing that all the lights were off and that the building had clearly been locked up for the night, she turned and glanced instead towards me, standing in the doorway of the fire escape, and then quickly shifted her attention back to the group.

It was then I noticed that as she stood with her legs together and her ankles crossed, she was gently swaying her hips from left to right.

The movement was very subtle, barely noticeable. To any casual observer, she might have seemed cold or perhaps was dancing to music on her headphones.

But I knew exactly what was going on. She needed the toilet.

The unloading was taking longer than expected. It seemed the instructor thought they'd forgotten some key piece of equipment and was frantically searching through each plastic box to find it.

Meanwhile, Jen, with her fists clenched at her sides, continued her subtle dance.

I imagined that in her mind, she was frantically urging the instructor to hurry up so they could get inside to the changing rooms and, more importantly, to the toilet, so she could pull down her tight jeans, park her bottom on the seat, and have a much-needed urgent wee.

Finally, to everyone's relief, the instructor found what she was looking for.

Eager not to waste any more time, she quickly turned and slammed the minibus door shut. However, it didn't fully close, and she had to reopen and slam it again a couple more times until it closed properly.

On her second attempt, I noticed Jen suddenly stop her subtle dance.

She tightly squeezed her crossed thighs together and crouched slightly, holding herself in this position for a few seconds before standing up straight again.

There was no doubt in my mind now that she was busting for a pee and that the anticipation of being so close to getting the relief she needed was making her situation so much worse.

Finally, with the minibus door securely closed and a flip chart under her arm, the instructor briskly led the way across the car park towards the fire escape.

Two of the girls carried the boxes, and Jen trailed at the back.

As they got close, I stepped aside and they quickly filed into the swimming pool area.

Now I should explain. This leisure center is old-fashioned to say the least. I think it was built in the sixties, and to get from the pool to the girls' changing rooms, and crucially for this story, the girls' toilets, one must walk down a short corridor, about six feet long, before making a turn. However, this corridor is no ordinary passageway. In a valiant attempt to combat a surge of verrucas in the late sixties, the council, in their infinite wisdom, decided to install a footbath.

What this means is that the corridor is slightly sunken and filled with a blue sterilized bleach solution that reaches just over ankle height, thus ensuring that anyone entering the pool from the changing rooms must walk through it, effectively sterilizing their feet.

Now I had already anticipated this would be a problem, given that the girls were fully clothed and wearing trainers and socks, but I figured I'd just let them through the door labeled "staff only" into the reception area, allowing them to access the changing rooms as if they had entered through the usual entrance.

However, just as I was about to walk across and open the door to the reception, the instructor, having quickly set up the flip chart, took control of the situation.

She firmly but politely instructed the girls to pile their rucksacks in the corner, announcing that they had a lot to get through and no time to waste.

As she said this, I noticed Jen look longingly at the entrance to the changing rooms, a worried look of anguish crossing her face as she saw the blue liquid of the footbath.

She then glanced around the pool area urgently, desperately searching for a poolside toilet where she could empty her already very full bladder.

But, of course, there wasn't one.

As this realization set in, she once again clenched her fists by her side and did a deep curtsy, squeezing her thighs tightly together while biting her lip. By this point, her face was slightly flushed, and she had a very worried look on her face.

It was then I realized to my delight what was happening.

The girls didn't need to go to the changing rooms as they weren't getting changed, not yet anyway.

I had completely forgotten that the lifeguard training course involves half an hour of theory, followed by a short comprehension test, and then a physical test.

During this test, each student must dive into the pool and retrieve a rubber brick from the bottom of the deep end.

However, they do this fully clothed.

When I did my training, we were all instructed to wear some old clothes that we didn't mind getting wet, and then at the end of the test, we simply walked, dripping wet from head to toe, into the changing room and changed into the dry clothes we had brought along in our rucksacks.

I guess these girls had been given similar instructions.

As the girls huddled around the flip chart and the instructor launched enthusiastically into her presentation, I walked slowly back to my plastic chair, sat down, and turned my focus back to poor, struggling Jen.

I was in heaven.

Jen had deliberately positioned herself behind the other girls, presumably so she could continue doing whatever she needed to avoid peeing herself without drawing their attention.

But, of course, she was in the direct eyeline of the instructor who was facing the girls and already in full flow, so she would still have to try to be discreet about her little problem.

I wondered just how desperate for a wee she was.

Was she at the point where she'd simply ask permission to go and find a toilet? But that was clearly part of her dilemma.

She was too mortified to voice her need by asking such a childish question in front of the whole group.

But she must have seriously been considering it.

But then what would she say?

"Excuse me, miss. May I please be excused to go to the toilet?"

No. Of course not. She's not a child, and she's not in school.

Maybe, "Would it be possible for me to quickly pop to the loo before we start?"

Or, "Would it be possible for me to quickly run to the bathroom?"

Whichever way she phrased it, there would be no getting around the fact that she would be admitting to everyone that she really needed a pee.

And in her mind, she was probably imagining having to take her shoes and socks off to wade through the footbath, not realizing that just behind the door marked "staff only" was the reception area and the entrance to the girl's toilet she so desperately needed.

And what if the instructor said something like, "Oh, Jen, we are already running late. Do you think you could just hold on for another half an hour?"

That would be so embarrassing.

She'd either have to admit to everyone that she was on the verge of an emergency and that she would wet herself if she was made to wait another half an hour, or she'd be forced to say she could probably wait and then spend the next half hour in agony, with everyone fully aware that she was in need of a wee.

So instead, she resumed the position she had in the car park.

Legs crossed, fists clenched by her sides, gently bobbing up and down, as she tried to focus on what the instructor was saying, all the while staring out across this huge swimming pool full of water.

She stayed like this for the next 10 minutes, periodically glancing up at the clock on the wall.

Occasionally, she uncrossed her legs, shifted from foot to foot, then recrossed them, unable to keep still for even a few seconds.

The look on her face was a perfect mix of worry and concentration, clearly focusing all her efforts on not losing control right there in front of everyone.

Eventually, she uncrossed her legs and placed her hand gently on her lower abdomen.

She did a little curtsy and then once again tightly crossed her denim-clad legs.

It was obvious to me now that she was really struggling to keep her composure.

I must have been wondering what on earth she was going to do.

I knew at this point that what she really wanted to do was give herself a quick squeeze between her legs to ease the pressure.

But, of course, girls of her age didn't do that, especially not in public, unless, of course, they had no choice.

By this point, my heart was racing.

I began to think through the options she had, options that must clearly have been racing through her mind as well.

Maybe she could say she wasn't feeling well and needed to step outside into the car park for some fresh air, and then, once out of sight of the pool windows, quickly run over to the bushes in the darkness behind the minibus, frantically unbuckle her belt, unzip her flies, pull down her oh-so-tight jeans, hike her knickers down around her knees, squat, and unleash what I imagined would be a torrent of pent-up urine before regaining her composure and returning to the group.

Or maybe she could try letting some out in her pants, just a little bit to take the pressure off.

Just a little voluntary dribble.

I'm sure whatever underwear she had on under those jeans could absorb a little bit of wee.

Would anyone notice?

But, of course, there's a risk that a voluntary dribble will turn into an involuntary spurt.

And what if she couldn't stop it? What if she couldn't clamp herself shut again?

She really would be forced to hold herself between her legs then.

I imagined her pushing two fingers firmly up against her pee hole, her face bright red as a thin line of pee forced its way out, revealing itself as a dark streak down the inside leg of her jeans.

But what if that wasn't enough? What if, after savoring that tiny bit of relief, her body wanted more?

What if her exhausted sphincter simply gave up?

What if that thin line turned into a forceful river, unleashing itself through her fingers, soaking through the crotch of her jeans, down the inside of her legs, and splattering onto the tiled floor of the swimming pool? Everyone would, of course, turn to look.

"What is that sound?" someone in the group might ask.

And then with eyes wide open in astonishment, "Oh my god, she's wetting herself!"

"She's peeing in her pants!"

"Oh my god, Jen. Couldn't you wait?"

"How old are you?"

"Oh, look. It's going everywhere!"

I wondered how the instructor would react. She'd have to stay professional, of course.

"Okay, girls. Stop it. Jen's clearly just made a bit of a misjudgement and had an accident. It happens to the best of us. Please, can you all stop staring? This must be very embarrassing for her."

By now, Jen had both hands pushed forcefully into the front pockets of her tight jeans, leaning forward slightly with one leg crossed over the other, bouncing gently up and down.

She was completely ignoring what the instructor was saying and instead staring directly into the vast pool of water in front of her.

It was obvious what she must have been thinking.

In approximately 15 minutes' time, she would be diving into that pool, fully clothed, and, of course, she would then be able to get the relief she so urgently craved by peeing in the pool.

It's not like everyone else doesn't do it.

In fact, I bet 10% of the people in this pool right now are blissfully relieving themselves through their swimming costumes.

On my first day, I even overheard one mother, standing by the side of the pool with her squirming daughter, say, "Oh, just go in the pool, dear."

And Jen was clearly thinking the same thing.

"Just go in the pool."

As if on cue, Jen quickly pulled her hands from her pockets, put her palms together as if to pray, and then pushed them between her tightly pressed thighs.

The thought of peeing in the pool was too much.

And then she did it.

She took her hands out from between her thighs and, while pretending to pay attention to what the instructor was saying, she subtly reached down with her right hand and pushed her fingers up into her crotch.

She closed her eyes momentarily as she savoured the temporary relief that this gave her.

I started to wonder if she had actually leaked a bit already in her knickers and whether she would consider deliberately letting a bit more out.

After all, she was standing behind all the other girls.

Maybe she could just step back a little further and try to discreetly wet herself without anyone noticing.

Maybe if she kept her legs together and let it out, one spurt at a time, she could contain the damage somewhat and not draw any attention to herself.

She would be quietly wetting herself, and no one would be any the wiser.

And, god, it would feel so good, so warm, such a relief, so naughty.

She'd have to be careful, though. What if her pee pooled around her feet and someone saw it, or even smelled it?

There is no way she could pass it off as pool water. And it would be obvious to anyone catching even a glimpse of her sopping wet jeans what had happened.

That she, a young adult, had had a little mishap and gone to the potty in her pants.

The theory part of the test was clearly coming to an end now as the instructor was beginning to wrap up the talk and had started to explain what was going to happen next.

By now, Jen had picked up her hoodie from the floor and was holding it in front of herself with one hand, partially shielding herself while pushing three fingers of her other hand firmly into her crotch.

She was frantically bouncing up and down now.

The other girls still had their backs to her, and the instructor seemed completely oblivious to what she was doing.

But from where I was sitting, I could see that her knuckles were white with tension.

Her fingers dug firmly into the fabric of her jeans, clearly the only thing now stopping her from flooding herself.

She was biting her lip, and her face was bright red with embarrassment.

I wondered if she'd ever been this desperate for the toilet before, whether her need to pee had ever been this urgent, whether she'd ever come this close to having an accident in public.

She simply had to get into that pool before it was too late.

Finally, the instructor told the girls to walk to the other side of the pool and line up against the wall.

One by one, they would then take turns walking back to the instructor, where, safely out of earshot of the others, they would answer ten questions based on what they had just learned before diving into the pool to retrieve the brick.

They would then be free to head into the changing rooms to take off their wet clothes and dry themselves off.

Jen didn't hang around.

She gently pushed past the other girls and walked stiffly but urgently across the side of the pool, clearly wanting to be the first in line.

As she walked past the entrance to the changing rooms and the blue liquid of the foot-bath, still clutching her hoodie and gripping her crotch for dear life, her bladder was visibly bulging out from under her black Nirvana T-shirt, tight against the waistband of her jeans.

I couldn't imagine just how much pee she must have been holding onto at this point.

Jen quickly positioned herself with her back against the wall closest to the changing rooms while the other girls lined up to her left.

She stood with her legs slightly apart, both hands holding the hoodie and pushing it firmly between her legs.

She bounced rapidly up and down on her toes, focusing entirely on the instructor on the other side of the pool, mentally urging her to call her over to start the test.

Occasionally, she would look up to the ceiling with exasperation, biting her lip.

She was so close now.

At this point, I imagined she might make it or at least partially wet herself while answering the questions, but then quickly jump into the pool before anyone had a chance to notice.

And honestly, I was amazed that she had made it this far.

And then, to her horror and my excitement, the instructor spoke.

"Okay, Lucy. Let's make a start."

Lucy was the girl at the other end of the line from Jen, meaning Jen wasn't first in line as she had thought, but actually last.

On hearing this, Jen opened her mouth as if she was about to shout, "But that's not fair!" and then quickly squatted right down to the floor, staying there for a few seconds before standing up again, frantically rubbing her thighs together.

I think the sight of Lucy walking over to the instructor and the thought of having to wait while her five fellow students completed the test before her had caused her bladder to spasm.

She absolutely couldn't stand still now, and her pants were definitely not completely dry.

She had obviously just spurted into her knickers, and I was pretty sure it was going to happen again soon.

I was so horny by this point.

I couldn't take my eyes off her, and my breathing was starting to quicken.

Luckily for Jen, the tests were fairly short.

Each of the students before her had clearly been paying attention and, eager to impress the instructor, answered the questions quickly and succinctly before diving into the water to retrieve the brick.

The look on Jen's face as the first student swam noisily across the pool was priceless. I could tell that if her hands weren't clamped tightly between her legs, they'd be covering her ears.

Finally, after what must have felt like an absolute eternity to Jen, the last student, after taking off her soaking wet trainers and socks and rolling up her jeans, walked through the footbath into the changing rooms, leaving just Jen, the instructor, and, of course, me.

Transfixed.

"Okay, Jen. Over you come. Let's hope we save the best till last," said the instructor cheerily.

Jen didn't hesitate and immediately walked stiffly down the side of the pool to the instructor, still clutching her hoodie in front of her.

She was visibly breathing heavily, occasionally blowing her cheeks out, and her face was bright red.

She was clearly having an absolute emergency.

"Oh, just leave your hoodie there, Jen," said the instructor, pointing to the corner where only Jen's bag remained.

"There's no point getting that wet as well."

Jen stopped for a second, clearly not expecting this.

She bent over fully at her waist, hands and hoodie at her crotch, and then after taking a second to control herself, stood upright again and threw the hoodie into the corner.

She then walked awkwardly the rest of the way over to the instructor, her hands just in front of her crotch, hovering there, clearly desperate to return once more to where she needed them most.

I wondered at this point what the instructor must have been thinking.

I mean, the girl standing in front of her, her student, was very clearly on the verge of wetting herself.

She must have been able to see that.

Her face was bright red, her hands were dancing in front of her crotch, and she obviously couldn't stand still for even one second.

And yet she didn't say anything.

Maybe she thought Jen was just nervous, or maybe she didn't want to embarrass her, thinking that it wasn't really any of her business if this young lady needed a wee.

I mean, she probably didn't really think it was necessary to remind a girl of her age to "run to the potty before it's too late."

"Okay, Jen. Here's the first question. What are the key signs of a distressed swimmer that you should watch for from your lifeguard station?"

Jen paused for a minute.

She was clearly having a hard time thinking straight, and I suspected she hadn't listened to 90% of what the instructor had just taught them.

"Just take your time, Jen," said the instructor kindly. "There's no rush."

Jen was now standing with her legs crossed, slightly leaning forward, palms rubbing her thighs.

Then suddenly she stood up straight, uncrossed her legs, moved her hands behind her, and gave her bottom a quick but firm squeeze.

It was then I saw it.

There was a small wet spot about the size of a 50p piece on her crotch. She had just leaked.

"Are you okay, Jen?" asked the instructor. "You seem a bit distracted and look a little uncomfortable."

"No, I'm fine, honestly," said Jen, before returning her hands in front of her crotch and bouncing rapidly on her toes.

However, the instructor wasn't convinced.

She looked down at Jen's fingers that were once again pushed forcefully between her legs.

"Are you sure? You look like maybe you might need to go to the toilet."

I didn't think it was possible, but Jen blushed even more profusely as she said this, and on hearing the word 'toilet', did a quick little curtsy.

"It's okay, Jen. Why don't you just run to the toilet, and we can continue the test once you've relieved yourself? It looks like you are having a bit of an emergency."

"After all, we wouldn't want you peeing in the pool now, would we?" The instructor was clearly trying to make light of the situation in an attempt to ease Jen's obvious embarrassment, but I think she was starting to lose her patience.

"Quick, Jen. You look like you're about to wet yourself. Just go and pee."

What happened next, I'll never forget.

I think Jen's bladder just heard "go and pee" and took that as the permission it needed to finally empty itself.

And empty itself it did.

Jen let out a high-pitched muffled cry and squatted slightly, almost as if she was hovering over a dirty public toilet, not wanting her bottom to touch the seat.

Only she wasn't in a cubicle, and there was no toilet.

Instead, she was standing in her local swimming pool in front of her instructor, right on the very verge of urinating in her pants.

And then it happened.

Forcibly.

At first, it was a short blast of pee that sprayed out between her fingers and splattered onto the tiles between her feet.

And then somehow, she managed to stop it briefly.

"Oh my god, Jen, you're wetting yourself!" said the instructor, lifting her hand to her mouth, clearly embarrassed on behalf of the young girl standing, humiliating herself in front of her.

"Why didn't you just say if you needed the toilet? I would have obviously let you go."

That word, 'toilet', again was all it took.

A torrent of pee flooded through Jen's fingers.

Some splashed down onto the tiles, while the rest poured down both her legs into her socks and then into her trainers.

"Oh, you poor thing!" said the instructor. "You must have been absolutely bursting for the loo."

Jen, seemingly accepting defeat now, took her pee-soaked hands from her crotch and lifted them to cover her face.

"Please don't look at me!" she cried as her pee continued to flow full force from between her legs, drenching her already soaked jeans.

She must have peed for well over a minute, after which the instructor put one hand gently on Jen's shoulder and said, "It's okay. You must feel a lot better now."

"Let's get you cleaned up so you can finish the test. And don't worry, no one else needs to find out about this."

To Jen's horror, the instructor then turned towards me and said, "Excuse me, do you have a mop we could quickly use?"

Feigning innocence, I replied, "Yes, of course. Is everything okay?"

"Oh, it's fine. Jen's just had a bit of a mishap and accidentally went to the bathroom in her pants, and we need to mop up the puddle," the instructor explained.

Jen looked at the instructor, absolutely mortified, quickly glanced at me, and then fixed her eyes on the floor, clearly wishing it would just swallow her up.

I got up from my seat, walked over to the store cupboard, and retrieved a mop and bucket.

I then walked towards Jen and the instructor, making a point of stepping over Jen's large yellow puddle, and squatted down to a small tap fixed to the wall to fill the bucket.

Once filled, I started to mop up Jen's pee.

Jen mumbled something about how she should probably be mopping up the mess, unable to even make eye contact with me at this point.

"No. It's fine. Don't worry. It's actually part of my job," I lied.

"Thank you," said the instructor. Then, turning to Jen, she added, "Okay, Jen. Don't be embarrassed. I've seen many girls much older than you pee themselves. It's nothing to be ashamed of. In fact, just last Christmas, my friend got so desperate for the toilet that she wet herself on a packed train from London, and she's 26. And obviously, we won't tell anyone what just happened, will we?" she said, turning to look at me, her eyes asking for my support.

"No, of course not," I assured her while I continued to diligently mop up her puddle.

The instructor smiled and, turning to Jen, said, "Okay, let's continue the test, shall we? I'm sure it'll be much easier for you to concentrate now that you don't have all that pee inside you."

Jen looked up, her face a mix of embarrassment and relief, and silently nodded.

If anyone had been standing outside in the car park, concealed by the ink-black darkness of the autumn night, peering in through the giant panes of the swimming pool's windows, they would have witnessed a girl standing in front of her instructor in a pool of her own making, slowly answering ten questions before diving into the pool to retrieve the brick.

And then they would have watched as she climbed out of the pool, dripping wet from head to toe, before removing her trainers and slowly pulling off her now slightly yellowed white cotton socks.

After taking a second to compose herself, they would have seen her walk barefoot through the blue liquid of the footbath and into the girls' changing rooms.

At 6 o'clock, having finished my mopping, I watched through the glass as the lights of the girls' minibus disappeared down the road.

I then turned and walked through the door marked "staff only," passed through the reception area, and into the leisure center's back office, shutting the door behind me.

I sat down in the large leather office chair, swiveled around to face the grainy black and white monitors of the CCTV system, leaned forward, and pressed 'stop,' followed by 'rewind,' followed by 'play.'

On the screen, I could see a tiny version of myself sitting in a cheap plastic chair next to a large swimming pool, staring out across the car park.

Leaning back against the soft leather, I slowly slipped one hand down the front of the waistband of my shorts and watched as my tiny on-screen self got up to open the fire escape.

I was in heaven.

