[Female] Liz's bad day

Author: TheT-Spin

*000*2017-08-13 08:34

First omorashi fanfic! Hope u enjoy!

Liz the Helioptile and Sally the Snivy were playing Puyo Puyo Tetris with their trainer, Tyler, who was kicking their butts. "How do you make Back-to-Back Tetrises so fast?!?" Asked Sally. "Well, you *Blahblahblablahblahblahblahhippinandahoppinandahippinandahoppinblahblah*" He went on for a while, cuz he has a habit of over explaining stuff. Liz is listening (She is playing with Puyos) when she feels a little twinge in her bladder. She ignores it and gets her butt handed to her in Big Bang.

After Sally and Liz get tired of the Switch, they decide to play outside. Liz's urge gets stronger and she begins to fidget. Sally doesn't notice though. They just keep playing Tag and stuff. (??‍♂️) Liz's bladder continues to fill.

"You feeling alright there, Liz?" Asks Sally. "You seem,... distracted." Liz nods, her legs crossed. Then Sally decides to play the death of all full bladders: HIDE-N-SEEK. Liz found a hiding spot high in a tree and sat down. Unfortunately, her bladder doesn't like tight spaces and pushed with more force. Liz began to shuffle around in her spot and wait for Sally to find her. Despite the rustling noice of the leaves from Liz's potty dance, it took Sally AGES to find her. It was painful to climb down the tree, cuz gravity had its worst effect like that. When she finally came down, she had her thighs pressing against each other, and her hands in between. She asked to be excused, as her situation was only getting worse. She hopped back inside, maintaining her pose, and made it in front of the bathroom door. She (somehow) jiggled with the doorknob.

It didn't budge.

She knocked on the door, and Wifi (Pronounced "Wii-Fee") the Alolan Raichu answered, "I'm in here!!!" Liz groaned as the pain in her bladder became unbearable. She waited for Wifi to finish up, but she took longer than it took Sally to find her in Hide-n-Seek. You'd think that a Psychic type would go a little faster, Liz thought to herself, as she started to potty-dance, catching everyone else's attention. She began to inflate as her bladder did. Soon, she knew that this wouldn't end up well anyway, so she stopped trying to prevent it. She uncrossed her legs and felt the warm urine run down her tiny legs and form a puddle at her feet. Since she doesn't wear pants, she didn't have to change. She went back outside and played h-n-s with Sally, Leaving Tyler to pause his heated battle with Ex to mop up the puddle.

Liz learned that Wifi needs to see a doctor.Ex

Liz

Sally

