The Trio of Gods

Author: TheLostDog

*000*2023-06-29 11:20

Here's a story written by myself and my boyfriend. These are our OCs from a dead fandom (which I don't exactly know much about, I was just asked to make an OC and I became attached). I'll attach some images when my boyfriend is finished drawing my OC, but I'll give some quick descriptions:

Maarin: Tall, and too thin from not taking care of himself. He's 6', has long, thick black hair that goes to his thighs, and grey skin with violet undertones. He has tall horns and violet eyes with yellow corneas. Physicality, he looks around 25.

Arctil: Gruff, incredibly hairy. Stout, with plenty of muscle, but under a round stomach with thick thighs. He's 5'5. Grey skin with red undertones and medium length, fat horns. He has red eyes with yellow corneas. Physically he looks 35

Issane: Short and skinny, but a plump ass. Shoulder length black hair, which has a pink stripe. He has short round horns. He's 4'11 and his eyes are pink with yellow corneas. His skin is grey with pink undertones. Physicality he's 24

They are all gods of their world, but they didn't start out their lives that way. They change their outward appearance when they go out usually so that they can live "normal" lives.

###

This story will have wetting, diapers, and a focus on humiliation, and maybe pet play and collars. There will be cgl undertones, but it isn't meant to be a huge aspect of this story. Some of the tags haven't happened yet, but there's more I'd like to add to this story, so they'll be added later. My boyfriend has a spanking kink, and I hope I wrote it correctly, but if I didn't suggestions and tips are 100% welcome and encouraged, and that goes for anything. Now to get on with the story!

###

"Here you go," Maarin says, handing Issane another cup of tea. Issane drinks it quickly, too focused on his game to notice his rapidly filling bladder. He’ll happily spend his day exploring dungeons and building towers.

It isn’t until he begins squeezing his legs tightly together that he notices just how badly he has to pee, and after far too many cups of tea. He carefully scoots off of his plush chair.

Issane hobbles his way to the bathroom as quickly as his little legs will carry him, but to his dismay, it’s locked.

He quietly knocks on the door with one hand, the other grabbing himself to try to keep the flood in. "C-can I come in p-pleasse?"

"Just a moment," Maarin answers back.

Issame bites his lip, he doesn’t think he has a moment. He lets out a low whine.

He knocks again, "Maarin, please, can I come in?" Despite how tightly he squeezes his legs together, or how desperately he holds himself, he can feel drops running down his legs. He whimpers, legs shaking.

Arctil chooses that moment to walk in the front door. He sets his black cowboy hat on a hook by the door, smiling all the way, before turning the corner into the hallway.

"M-Maarin?" He begs, eyes filling with tears. He couldn't have another accident, Arctil had made his threat very clear for if he had another. Issane didn't want it to come to that. It was too much, too humiliating. He could control himself! Even if… sometimes, he didn’t make it. It wasn’t like it happened that often, right? Maarin and Arctil didn’t seem to have an issue like his but.. It was Maarin's fault anyway for hogging the bathroom, never mind the fact that it hadn't been very long since he knocked on the door.

"I'm home early! What're you guys—" he stops, inspecting the scene before him.

Issane, humiliated from being found in such a state, knocks again. "Pleeease! I- I'm going tt-to—"

Hearing Arctil's voice, Maarin opens the door, and sets a hairbrush down on the bathroom counter. He holds the door with one hand, the other on the door frame.

Issane’s battle is soon over. Issane looks up at Maarin, and he means to push him out of the way, or at least make an attempt to, but the moment he takes a small step he feels warmth beneath his fingers, and roll down his tiny, wound up legs.

He looks down and sees the piss creating a large wet patch on his light brown pants. He tries to stop the flow, but he's lost all control. He continues to make a mess right in front of the bathroom. So, so close. Both Arctil and Maarin are staring at him, Arctil with a mixture of bewilderment and fascination. Maarin’s eyes are calculating, and Issane can see a hint of a smirk, but he’s not quite sure what it means. It tells Arctil all he needs to know.

The puddle grows beneath his feet, and Maarin has to take a step back to avoid it. Issane's face grows hot, and with the overwhelming emotions he forgets how to speak, not that he'd know what to say anyway.

"I-I I- uhm—" he stammers.

Arctil crosses his arms and looks at the two of them. "I guess someone DOES need some 'protection'" Arctil says while looking at the puddle, which has finally stopped growing, going just beyond the bathroom door, spreading halfway to Arctil’s feet.

"and someone else needs a lesson to know he needs to be nice." This time looking pointedly at Maarin.

Maarin shifts uncomfortably, "I don't know what you mean. Clearly he just can't control himself, being so small and all,"

Too ashamed to speak, Issane steps out of the puddle and takes off his soaked socks. Maarin steps to his left, never taking his eyes off Arctil. Issane goes into the bathroom and shamefully places his sopping socks into the hamper. He grabs a dirty towel to clean up his puddle of mortification.

"I know you were in the bathroom on purpose."

"I was only in there for five minutes!"

Issane quietly cleans up the floor, hoping to not draw any attention to himself, tears slipping down his face all the way.

"Can I trust you not to make any more messes while I 'take care' of this over here?" Arctil says, gesturing to Maarin.

Face still burning, Issane nods, trembling slightly. "And don't think I've forgotten about your punishment, either."

Arctil leads Maarin into the other room, holding him by the fin. Issane can soon hear the telltale thawp. Maarin’s echoed pleas and sobs can be heard clearly throughout the small house.

"But I didn't do anything!"

Issane, still in his damp, quickly cooling pants, grabs the mop from the kitchen. He shivers as he mops.

After thoroughly cleaning the floor, Issane steps into the bedroom and watches a familiar scene.

"Put your hands on your head, and get your ass in that corner." Arctil takes notice of Issane’s presence, but doesn’t address him just yet. "You should know better than that, and you knew I'd be mad, and what would happen."

Maarin stares at the corner and sniffs, but mumbles under his breath, "not my fault..."

"What was that?" Arctil gives him another thawp.

Arctil turns with his back now facing where Maarin stands. "Now, what am I supposed to do with you?" Arctil raises an eyebrow, taking in the wet boy before him.

Issane shuffles forward, and Arctil grabs his small wrists and pulls him onto his lap and over his knee.

Thawp. Thawp. Thawp.

"You should've known better. You should be able to control yourself better than that pitiful sight I saw today." Thawp.

"I-" sniffle "tried, but I—" Issane realizes something then, something he should have guessed already, but had somehow already forgotten. "The tea! This is Maarin's fault!" Sniffle.

"Tea, Maarin?

"I don't know what he's talking about." He says too quickly.

"H-he was bringing me tea all day! I jus' thought he was being nice..." Sniffle.

Arctil sighs, his hands full once again.

"You should've realized at some point. You didn't think that was a suspicious amount of tea?"

"N-no. I was… Distracted. And it did taste nice..." Issane's face was once again burning in shame. Arctil was right. He was always right. He stares at the floorboard, still positioned over Arctil’s lap.

Thawp.

Arctil pulls off Issane's pants and underwear to continue the spanking, throwing them off into a corner.

Arctil begins spanking in earnest.

"Stooop! Please! It wasn't m-my fault!" The pain was getting worse, and Issane couldn't stay still any longer, his legs kicking uncontrollably.

"Stop! I'll be good! I'll be good!"

Arctil doesn't stop. "I wouldn't have to do this if you could control yourself, would I?"

Arctil rests his large hand on Issane's now very pink ass, giving it a slow rub, "but I guess you're just too small, huh?"

Issane hides his face as well as he can, already painfully aware of his size, especially splayed across Arctil's lap as he was.

Maarin snickers from his corner, glad to not be in the same position.

"I haven't forgotten about you either, Maarin. Your punishment isn't over yet, especially not now."

Maarin gulps audibly.

Arctil continues his spanking. Issane tries to get away, but Arctil is no match for him, and he's held firmly in place. He continues until Issane is an incoherent mess of tears and pleas. When he’s finally finished with him, Arctil, very gently, leads him to a corner on the opposite end of the room from Maarin.

"Turn around and look at me."

"Y-yes daddy." Maarin timidly turns to face Arctil.

"Now, why did you do that to Issane today?" is voice is stern, commanding.

Maarin mumbles something indistinguishable.

"What was that?" Arctil says, placing his hand on the back of Maarin’s neck.

"Because he beat me at chess," pause, "D-daddy."

"Because— because he beat you at chess? Did I hear that correctly?" Arctil pinches the bridge of his nose.

Maarin hesitantly nods.

"With your words, Maarin"

"Y-yes that's why, Daddy."

"You thought that this was a better option than, say, a rematch?"

"Yes, Daddy." That did make more sense, didn't it? The heat on his face almost matched that on his bottom.

"Okay then, come here." Arctil sighs and takes off his belt. He instructs Maarin to put his hands on the wall.

"I'll give you 10 strikes for that, but I'm not holding back. Count for me. If you don't, I'll start allll over" Arctil caresses his belt as he stares at Maarin hungrily. He takes a deep breath, he needed to be composed for this.

"Y-yes Daddy."

.

Thwump "One." Thwump. "Two." And it continues until Maarin can barely get the words out. "N-n-I-ne." Twump. "T-tennn!" Maarin is a blithering mess, not a hint of his usual decorum in sight.

Arctil gently takes Maarin into his arms and pets his hair. "You know why I had to do that, don't you?"

"Yes, Daddy." It barely comes out as more than a whisper. Arctil kisses the top of his head.

"You did very good. Now stand right there while I finish with Issane."

Arctil takes Issane by the arm, dragging him over to the bed where he gently pushes him down.

"Stay right there." Arctil strides over to the closet where he pulls out a bundle of supplies. He carefully carries it over to the bed, where he sets his implements. Arctil looks at Issane for a moment before saying in a stern, but gentle voice, "You know what's about to happen, don't you?"

Issane nods.

"What was that?"

"Yes, Daddy." He whispers.

“Good boy.”

Arctil riffles through his supplies and pulls out a packet of wipes. He tenderly lifts Issane's legs and begins cleaning off any residue from his earlier accident. The wipes irritate his pink bottom, making Issane whimper pitifully.

Arctil takes some lotion and lovingly applies it to Issane's sore ass. "You might get some lotion too, Maarin, if you weren't so naughty today."

Maarin isn't sure if he's supposed to answer to that, so he gives a small "Yes, Daddy."

Next, was the more difficult part. Issane's legs still in the air, Arctil slides the fluffy garment under him.

"No! I'll be good! I'll be good! I'm not a baby!"

"I told you what the consequences would be if you pissed yourself again, and here we are."

"But it wasn't my f-fault!"

"You should have noticed something was up sooner. And if you could pay more attention to your body, then maybe you’d be in a better position. And if it really wasn't your fault, then maybe you do need this. You sad, little thing.”

"O-okay" Issane guessed he was right, and it made sense once he'd said it, but he'd really tried. Didn't that count for something?

"What was that?"

"Y-yes Daddy." Issane thought he was all out of tears, but newfound humiliation started it all again.

Arctil lead Issane off the bed and turned to look once again at a now pouting Maarin.

"And now, neither of you are allowed to wear pants for the rest of the day. So then everyone knows just how naughty you were today."

Issane and Maarin look at eachother in horror.

“But— “

“You can’t— “ they shout in unison.

“No arguing. Now into the kitchen, I’m starving. Have you guys even eaten anything today?”

“Uhmm…” Issane mumbles something, and Maarin stays silent.

“For fuck's sake, you two, what have you done all day?” Arctil gives them a little shove from their behind and ushers them into the kitchen. “Well, get on, then.”

Shamefully they shuffle forward, trying to hide the evidence of their punishment, both attempting to pull down their shirts to hide their behinds.

Arctil swats their hands away, “that’s to be seen, not hidden.” Arctil brushes past them into the kitchen to find something to make.

“You know, I wanted to go out tonight, but I think you two would be opposed to that now.”

They look at each other, hopefully.

“No, you’d still have to bare your punishments, but for all the world to see.”

“Oh. “ Issane says softly.

Maarin flushes thinking about the scenario proposed.

“Yeah, I didn’t think so.” Arctil makes a show of looking in all the cabinets and frowning. “Hmm… Maybe we’ll order something? Yeah, I think we’ll do that. Now sit at the table while I call it in.”

The two naughty boys look at the hard wooden chairs in front of them. Issane sits first and winces as he does. Maarin takes a deep breath and whimpers when his sore ass touches the hard surface. Maarin felt almost jealous of Issane’s padding, almost.

Arctil holds the phone with his shoulder as he sits juice boxes and apple slices in front of them. He makes a motion for them to eat as he continues to order. When he’s done ordering, he picks up an apple and takes a large bite, juice getting in his beard.

“Can you two behave when I go get our food, or will I have to take you with me?”

When he thinks no one is looking, Issane sneaks an apple slice onto Maarin’s plate. Arctil raises his eyebrows, but chooses not to say anything.

Arctil makes a quick decision and sighs, “Okay, you two better not move. I’ll be right back, and I’ll know if you get up.”

“Yes, Daddy.” they say in unison.

Arctil grabs his keys and looks behind him as he slowly makes his way to the door. He walks out the front door, but opens it back quickly after, just to do a quick peek. “Be good.” and he’s off.

“We can’t get up at all?” Issane whines. He wiggles in his seat. “I don’t want to sit here.”

“Well, it’s your fault we’re sitting here, so I don’t know what you’re complaining about.”

“No it isn’t!”

“Well, you let it happen.”

“I- I guess you’re right.” Issane feels tears prickling at his eyes. He sniffles sadly.

Maarin, in a rare moment of sympathy, feels bad for what he’s done.

“No, no, it’s okay. I’m sorry. You’re still pathetic, but I shouldn’t have made it worse.”

They sit in silence for a few minutes, lost in their thoughts, and memories of earlier events.

“Would you tell on me if I snuck to the bathroom while he’s gone?”

Maarin smirks, “What, do you have to pee already?” Issane whines sadly in response, and mumbles something about tea.

“Oh, okay. I won’t tell. But only if you don’t tell him if I get up, either.”

“Okay, deal.”

Maarin stands up and stretches his long limbs, feeling the sting on his ass as he gets off of the wooden chair.

Issane begins his way to the bathroom when he realizes something important. How would he take it off and put it back on without Arctil knowing? “Maarin, he’ll know, won’t he?”

Maarin thinks for a moment, “He probably would, yeah.”

Issane presses his thighs together. “This isn’t fair.”

“Come here,” Maarin opens up his arms, and Issane steps into them. “I’m sorry.” Issane whispers. Maarin feels a pang in his chest. He holds Issane tighter. “Let’s say it was both of our faults. I’m sorry, too.”

The door suddenly swings open, Arctil holding far more bags of food than would be reasonable if it weren’t, well, Arctil. They freeze in place, their stomach in knots.

“I thought I told you two not to move? But I’m glad you’ve made up at least.” Arctil says as he places his many bags on the table. Issane and Maarin relax their shoulders and let out a collective sigh of relief. Before they can do anything else, however, Arctil gives them both a firm swat on their rumps.

Arctil sets out many dishes of food and begins filling three plates for them all. “Alright, come sit down, you idiots.” Arctil goes to the fridge as they get settled, grabbing himself a beer and violet and pink colored lemonade for his naughty boys.

Once Arctil is settled, they begin eating their dinner. Maarin has a plate of smiley face fries, popcorn shrimp, and a side salad. Issane has a side of spinach, smoked salmon, and smiley face fries as well. Arctil has everything. Salmon, a steak, popcorn shrimp, mashed potatoes, spinach, a pile of rolls, and a cup of corn.

Issane winces as he takes a sip of lemonade and wiggles in his seat. Maarin puts a comforting hand on his thigh.

“You two okay over there?”

They both nod. Arctil raises an eyebrow, but decides to leave it for now. He finishes quickly and downs his beer. He takes his dishes to the sink and looks over to see how close they were to being finished. They’d barely even started. He sighs. Do they always have to eat so slowly?

Issane suddenly pushes his plate away and spits something into a napkin. The smiley fries were gone, but the spinach was nearly untouched. “I- I’m not hungry anymore.” he looks a bit ill.

“Okay, if you say so. But you’ll be eating more at breakfast tomorrow.”

Arctil thinks for a moment, “you’re not wet, are you?” he walks towards Issane about to check. Issane shakes his head furiously.

“No! I’m not! I’m not!”

“But he probably will be soon.” Maarin mumbles into his drink.

Maarin pushes his plate back, his shrimp and smileys gone. “I’m done.” and he finishes his drink.

“Well, then I guess it’s time for bed, since you two had such an eventful day.”

Feeling subdued, they don’t argue, just follow Arctil into the bedroom.

“Now I think you need something to remind you to be good. Come here Maarin.”

Maarin steps forward, and Arctil pulls him over his lap. “Just a few swats as a reminder, Okay?”

“Yes Daddy.”

Thawp. Thawp. Thawp.

“Wait, wait! Let me up!” Maarin squirms and struggles against Arctil.

“Oh? Why should I do that?”

“I- I have to…” the last part of his sentence inaudible.

“You have to what?”

“I have to… pee.” Maarin struggles a bit, but is held firmly in place.

Arctil gives another hard swat to Maarin’s behind. Maarin whimpers. “S-stop!”

“Should I?” He continues. Thawp. Thawp. Thawp. Maarin is shaking, from the effort, the pain, and the overwhelming sensations and emotions. He felt like a live wire curled into a ball.

“P-please…” Arctil continues. It only takes a couple more swats and Maarin involuntarily relaxes, a quiet gasp escaping him, Arctil’s lap becoming wet. “Nooo…” he lets out a strangled whine.

“Now you know how Issane felt, don’t you?” Maarin can only nod pitifully in response, shame radiating off of him. “If something like this happens again, you’ll be padded with him.” He looks seriously into Maarin’s eyes, making sure he gets the gravity of the situation.

Arctil gently sets Maarin on a wooden stool in the corner. Arctil removes his pants, revealing a pronounced erection in his underwear. “Come here, Issane.”

Issane makes small steps forward, trying to keep his legs as close together as possible, but also trying not to be too obvious about his clear need. Arctil grabs Issane’s wrist and pulls him onto his lap. Arctil’s knee presses painfully into his bladder.

Arctil gently rubs his back before beginning. Thawp. Thawp. That’s all it takes before a loud hissing sound can be heard. Arctil can feel the diaper grow warm when he gives a last couple of swats. Arctil sets Issane gently on his feet before pulling him in for a hug. "Hush now, it's alright, I'm done now." He lets him go then places a finger underneath his chin, making him lift his face so that he'll meet his gaze. "You did well, honey. You took it very well."

He runs his hand down the front of Issane's diaper, and it takes all of Issane's willpower to not buck against his hand. He knows better than to do that, but the idea of his daddy's rough fingers pressing his soiled padding against his miniscule bulge, rubbing it into him…. Issane can only whine when Arctil removes his hand, and shoots him a warning look.

He turns his attention to Maarin then, who had curled into himself on the stool, legs drawn up to his face, revealing plainly his battered ass and sticky thighs. "Alright now, sweetheart, you can come over here now too. You're not in any more trouble." At this, he seems to perk up, and shakily walks over, though he's unable to meet either of their eyes. Arctill places a hand on his lower back. "Honey, I know it hurts, and I know you're ashamed, so I want you to listen closely. You need to apologize to Issane and really mean it, and if you can do that, we'll put this whole thing behind us, and we can all get some much needed rest. You think you can do that for me, sweetheart?"

