Story of Tisha

Author: tmoa1212

*000*2022-12-31 05:28

So I don't normally post any stories but I was really inspired by @peehour, wherever he is now, as I truly enjoyed his stories, writing style, characters and themes. Since his stories have all been removed (if anyone has them, please share them again as they were fun reads) and I'm eagerly waiting to read more from other wonderful writers here, @knockonthedoor

(The Family Habit and I Think My Boss Needs to Pee) and @pinkelpeter

(The Omorashi Missionary and The Hannah Chronicles). I decided to give a go at it, but unfortunately my writing isn't at a level I am proud of, so I've used AI to help create the story. I wanted to create a story of a girl having an accident at first but learning to love it and doing it on purpose afterwards. Yeah I'm a sucker for girls wearing certain clothing items. I don't expect this will be a hit but I also suspect that the AI developers will likely start blocking stories like this in the future (I'm definitely flagged for making the AI test adult themes), so I want to take advantage of it while I can. And because the AI doesn't allow explicit content, the story ends up being tame in nature but I was still impressed, even though there are signs of my own writing being passed through and repetition from the lack of data on the AI's part.

DISCLAIMER: All characters in this story are fictional (regardless of names or who you think they may be inspired by), the situations are fictional, and the output is done by AI. I will not show the prompts I used to generate the story since that causes confusion but I hope you enjoy the story as much as I did.

~~~~~~~

The Story of Tisha - Chapter 1 - Tisha's Traffic Accident

Tisha was a young, petite and slender Asian woman with long black hair and piercing brown eyes. She was dressed in a white blouse, paired with light blue skinny jeans that hugged her curves perfectly. She had on a pair of knee high black leather boots, which made her feel confident and stylish as she walked around the office.

It was a Friday afternoon and Tisha was eager to start her weekend. She packed up her belongings and headed towards the door, filling up her water bottle on the way out. As she got in her car and started driving home, she didn't expect to run into heavy traffic.

As she sat in the car, Tisha drank her water to pass the time. But as she continued to drink, she started to feel the need to pee. Tisha had never had an accident as an adult and she didn't want to start now. She tried to hold it for as long as she could, but with no exits in sight and no places to stop, she was running out of options.

As a last resort, Tisha allowed herself to leak a little pee in order to relieve the pressure. This helped for a little while, but her need to pee only continued to increase. She started to lose control, releasing a little more than she intended with each squeeze of her bladder. She could feel the wetness spreading in her jeans, and when she looked down, she saw a dark wet spot on the crotch of her light blue jeans.

Tisha hoped that she would make it home in time, but as the traffic showed no signs of moving, she knew she was running out of time. She clamped her legs together tight, trying her best to hold it. She tightened her grip on the steering wheel as she clenched every muscle in her body to hold it in. But it was no use. Her pee came out in pulses until it became an uncontrollable stream, wetting her jeans and filling her lap with warmth.

Tisha felt a mix of shame and another feeling she couldn't quite describe as she realized she had accidentally wet herself. But at the same time, she felt a sense of relief that the pressure had finally been released. She looked down at her jeans, now completely soaked with pee, and the large puddle between her legs.

Tisha didn't want to stop at any public bathrooms to hide what she had done, so she decided to drive until she was home. But less than half an hour later, her need to pee was back and stronger than ever. She blamed herself for drinking so much water and squeezed her legs together again, fighting the urge to pee. But she knew it was pointless to hold it any longer. She gave up and let herself pee in her jeans again, feeling relieved as the warm liquid filled her lap and pooled between her thighs.

As she drove the rest of the way home, Tisha couldn't help but feel a hint of excitement at the thought of purposely wetting herself. She brushed it off, eager to get home and change into dry clothes. But deep down, she knew that this was a feeling she would have to explore further.

*001*2022-12-31 06:04

The Story of Tisha - Chapter 2 - Tisha's Personal Path to Discovery

When Tisha arrived home, she parked her car in the garage and headed towards the bathroom. But as she walked past the hallway mirror, she couldn't resist taking a look at herself. She turned around to get a good look at the front and back of her jeans, admiring how they hugged her curves. She even bent over to get a better look at her butt, which looked sexier than ever even though she had just wet herself.

Tisha playfully posed in front of the mirror, showing off the wet denim in different angles. She even twirled around, feeling a little silly but also excited by the internal conflict she was feeling. Despite the embarrassment of wetting herself, Tisha couldn't shake off the excitement she had felt earlier.

Instead of changing out of her wet clothes, Tisha decided to pour herself a glass of wine. She tried to convince herself that she was just being silly, but as time passed and her jeans started to dry, the wetness barely visible, she couldn't help but feel a sense of curiosity. The damp jeans felt comforting against her skin, and as she drank more wine and her inhibitions loosened, she found herself desperate to pee again.

As she walked back to the bathroom, Tisha couldn't shake off the anticipation she was feeling. She sat down on the toilet, still fully dressed, and asked herself several questions. Was this something she really wanted to do? Was this a one-time thing or was it something she enjoyed? And most importantly, how could she explain this to anyone else?

The effects of the wine were starting to take over, and Tisha found herself losing control as she squeezed her legs together again, trying to hold her pee. But as she started to leak into her jeans, she knew there was no turning back. She deliberately pushed hard and peed straight through her jeans, feeling the urine flow through the fabric and hit the water in the toilet. The sound of her pee against the jeans was a new sensation for Tisha, and she found herself enjoying it more and more as the wetness spread.

As she stood up just before finishing, Tisha could feel the pee running down her legs. She looked down at her jeans, which were now completely soaked with pee, and couldn't resist the urge to look at herself in the bathroom mirror. She admired how her jeans and boots looked freshly wet, and was sure of her feelings now.

Tisha opened another bottle of wine and spent the evening wetting herself in many different ways. She started by wetting herself standing up with her legs apart, feeling the pee flow through her jeans and down her legs and into her boots. She then tried squatting, allowing the pee to flow freely straight through her pants. She even wet herself while laying down, feeling the wetness spread across the floor. But her favorite way to wet herself was while sitting on the toilet and peeing through her pants.

Tisha even tried wetting herself outside in her backyard, feeling the cool air against her wet jeans. She enjoyed the feeling of wetness, peeing herself whenever she felt the need. She couldn't believe how much she loved doing something so taboo, and couldn't wait to share her findings with her closest friends.

As the night came to a close, Tisha stepped into her bathtub and decided not to hold back anymore. She released another flood into her jeans, feeling the wetness spread until there were no dry spots left. She turned on the shower and stood fully clothed under the warm water, rinsing the pee off her clothes. She had lost count of how many times she had wet herself that night, but it didn't matter. All that mattered was the feeling of excitement and liberation she felt each time she released herself.

While she laid in the bath, too exhausted to change out of her clothes, Tisha's thoughts turned to her future adventures in wetting. She dreamed of wetting herself in different kinds of clothes and planned to share her findings with her closest friends. She even thought about joining online communities where people with similar interests could share their experiences and advice.

As she drifted off to sleep, Tisha couldn't wait to see where this new passion would take her. She had never felt so alive and free, and she couldn't wait to explore all the different ways she could enjoy wetting herself. She knew that this was just the beginning of a whole new world of exciting possibilities.

