Robin

Author: Thegame123

*000*2022-06-10 15:26

Hi all,

So this is my first attempt at a fictional story. Apologies for any typos/ramblings. I haven’t got a decent device to type and check back on so it was all done on my phone.

Firstly a bit of background. The story is based on the characters from the Comoran Strike novels by Jk Rowling (I know some of her views have been out there and this is no means a sign of support of these views).

I simply enjoyed the books and particularly the character Robin Ellacott. She was a character I would have loved to read about needing to pee, being desperate etc. The great thing about fictional characters in novels is that you can make these types of things come to life (to an extent obviously given the talent deficit). So I’ve decided to write my own story with this is mind. I’ve probably gone well over the top so I’ve split it into 6 chapters to make it easier to to digest for everyone.

As always feel free to feedback and do shout out if you want to hear more otherwise I won’t post further chapters.

Anyway I hope you enjoy. Chapter 1 is below:

It was late on a sunny Friday afternoon Robin was very happy with her weeks work. Strike had left for the afternoon and was not due to return until much later. Robin was left to lock up for the night. She had a productive afternoon finishing most of her tasks. At about 3pm she decided to embrace the upcoming weekend and changed from her business suit into her high waisted light blue jeans and a red short sleeved top. She was meeting Matthew after work so was all good to go once he was finished for the night. She even decided to leave her trainers off and enjoy the comfort of bare feet while she had the office to herself. The next couple of hours ran by quickly with Robin drinking plenty of tea and water. 5pm hit and she shut down her computer and made a mental note to head to the loo before leaving after realising that she had only been once today at about 10am and had drank a lot.

As she got up the weight of her bladder became much more noticeable promoting her need to head to the loo as soon as she could. She headed to the kitchen to clean up her dishes and cups. She turned the tap on and her bladder twinged a little, she grimaced and crossed her legs tight to dull the urge. She then quickly finished washing her dishes. Then shut up the kitchen and headed over to put her trainers on not wanting to head to the grubby toilet barefooted.

Just as she got to her trainers she heard some footsteps coming up the stairs - 2 lots of them. Was Strike back this early? She thought to herself. The footsteps were quicker and lighter than strikes so Robin believed it was a client, as the got closer to the door Robin shouted ‘Sorry, we’re closed’. However this did nothing to stop the steps and the door to the office burst open with 2 young lads entering, Robin guessed they were maybe 19-20 years old. One was tall and thin with a skinhead while the other one was shorter and stockier with bleach blond hair.

‘Alright misses where’s Strike at’ the tall one grunted.

‘He’s away for the night’ Robin answered firmly

‘Well that just isn’t good enough’ said the stockier lad ‘He owes us some money and we want it now’

‘Well I’m sorry he isn’t here so you’ll need to leave’ Robin replied with attempted authority however she was now regretting that she was standing in her casual clothes, barefooted with a bladder close to bursting point all undermining this attempted authority.

‘I am just locking up now’ she added

‘No you aren’t, your going nowhere until we get our cash - £2000 right now’ said the tall lad

‘I’m afraid I’ll have to call the police then’ Robin stated looking over to the desk as she heading to her mobile phone.

‘I don’t think so’ said the tall lad as he shook his head pulling out a small pocket knife, while the blond pulled out a small handgun.

‘Oh shit!’ Robin murmured as her heart raced and the sight of the knife and gun made Robins bladder contract slightly causing her to nearly lose control but she recovered just in time.

‘Come on boys you don’t want to do this’ Robin pleaded.

‘Don’t give us that, your not a teacher. Stupid bitch, just stand there until Mr Strike returns’ the tall lad shouted his anger rising

‘He’ll be ages’ Robin panicked feeling her emotions and anxiety really heighten with the thud of her heart louder than she could remember.

‘We have all the time in the world’ the blond lad laughed.

Robin immediate concern was now her desperately full bladder - ‘Well let me use to loo please’ Robin pleaded.

‘Haha not a chance, you’ll be looking to escape or alert some, thinks were daft she does’ the blond lad stated.

‘I promise I won’t I really need to go, please’ Robin pleaded.

“I said no, plus IF you do need to go it’ll be nice entertainment for us you’re not bad looking for an older lass, I quite fancy seeing you squirm’ he said looking her up and down creepily.

Robin felt major panic and was trying to hide it. Her bladder was becoming numb with pain, as she believed she was slowly losing control of it. She had remembered having the numb bladder pain before in her life with worrying consequences firstly back at school in year 9.

Old enough to know better but Robin often avoided the toilets in school - too smelly and dirty. One day her desperation was worst than ever after school and it was a day the bus got stuck in traffic. She noticed then the feeling in her bladder slowly become numb and heavy. She was ok while sat down but then getting up at her stop seemed to add even more weight to her bladder and as she walked down the bus she started to feel light headed from the pain and then a sudden warmth in her crotch then down her legs, see was letting out a steady stream of wee into her school trousers.

Robin walked as fast as she could with tears in her eyes unsure if anybody was witnessing what was happening to her and too scared to look anywhere but ahead. She left the bus for the dark night and thankfully for her nobody followed her as she tried but failed to stem the flow she just continued to urinate as she walked. She finally built up the courage to look down and was horrified to see her grey school trousers with a huge wet stop down the insides of both legs still glistening as fresh urine still escaped her. She finally finished and was home a few minutes after. She hoped to slip in unnoticed but this didn’t go to plan. Her mum saw her and berated her for what had happened ‘How old are you, for goodness sake Robin you should be ashamed’ and she really was.

This was thankfully for Robin the last issue like that until she was 20 years old and this time she was at a festival. It was super busy with lots of drinking. By the last night loads of toilets were out of order and queues were stupidly long. Many of Robins group decided to start squatting rather than finding a toilet. Robin though was never like this even after a few drinks, she had a great desire to keep her private’s private. Thankfully one other girl Sarah was the same - the last nights card was highly stacked so Robin and Sarah held out for longer than usual but finally hit the point where a toilet was needed now. They were both wearing short denim hot pants with a T-shirt and hoody.

Alcohol had muddled there judgement and the queue was suitably huge and barely moving. Robin began to experience the numbness in her very heavy bladder. Half way through the queue Robin was close to the edge - Sarah was seemingly past it ‘Fuck this’ she said ‘I’m starting to piss myself she ran from the queue in full view of everyone pulled her shorts and knickers down flashing her privates for all too see and let out one of the largest most forceful streams Robin had ever seen. The view helped trick Robins bladder into its first little leak ‘Shit’ Robin muttered. Sarah came back over to Robin ‘Wow, that’s much better’ she smiled while slightly blushing. ‘Aren’t you bothered that everyone saw….er you know down their?’ Robin asked. ‘A little but rather that than piss myself in this line’ she said. ‘Come on you just do it Robin’.

‘No I couldn’t, not a chance anyones seeing my foof’

‘Fucking hell foof, what you like Rob. Just leave you knicks on and go through them then, you seriously think you’ll make it in this queue?’

‘Pee through my knickers? No thanks I’ll make it’ Robin said determinedly

20 minutes later Robin was at the front of the queue - a few small leaks had escaped but nothing to much and Robins shorts we most wee free. Then finally it was her turn - as she walked to the stall she felt light headed and dizzy and couldn’t feel her bladder at all. Then she felt sudden warmth in the crotch and edge down her bare legs. ‘Shit!’ she cursed as she started peeing in quick bursts while running to the stall.

She got to the stall slammed the door and was about to pull her shorts down when she realised the door had rebounded back open. Her bladder then totally gave up and began to release itself full blast with a loud hiss from the hot jet of pee escaping poor Robins tortured body. She quickly got back to the door and closed it. It was however every dark and it took about 25 seconds for Robin to figure out the lock so the door would stay shut, all that time Robin was urinating full blast into her denim shorts, all down her legs and onto her trainers and the already horrible wet floor of the toilet.

By the time to door was done Robin conceded that the worst of the damage was done so didn’t try to get her shorts of again, she just stood in the dark feeling the warm liquid leave her body and splatter on the floor. It felt very weird but not as gross as she imagined and see wasn’t overly ashamed of herself. The alcohol probably helped but she was private in the toilet it was very dark all over so she reasoned that few people would notice and or care about her accident. She tied her hoody round herself and met Sarah. ‘Did you make it’ - ‘Yes and No’ Robin laughed flashing the damp spot the front of her shorts which actually was alright. ‘That’s not too bad girl, I’ve had much worst’. Robin declined to show her the back which she knew was much worse and her trainers were particularly wet. The rest of the night wasn’t to comfiest of Robins life but nothing else was ever mentioned.

These 2 scenarios kept racing through Robins mind as the numbness and weight in her bladder got worst and worst minute by minute. Then she reasoned with herself - Robin your 27 now you were a child and drunk on those other occasions. 27 year old sober women don’t wet themselves - held hostage or not. You can hold it. With her previous 2 accidents Robin was somewhat ‘lucky’ that nobody really witnessed the accidents directly, at least that she knew of. Today though these lads would love every second if she did give up. No she said in her head defiantly I am not wetting my pants today. Little did she know how wrong she would be.

*002*2022-08-21 08:56

Chapter 2

Robins determination was to be applauded another 30 minutes past with her stood at gun and knife point and she barely even moved. Her body was screaming to move and dance to suppress the desperation. More than anything she wanted to grab hold of her crotch to help with her fight. Her desperation was off the chart and worse than she had ever felt before. She was sweating with her heart racing. Her bladder was feeling somewhat numb and extremely heavy with all the tea and water she had been drinking. But she didn’t want to give the 2 lads anything to get excited about. Had she been elsewhere at this moment of severe desperation she may well have let go already, she would have certainly been holding herself but not today not with these two here.

‘You sure ya need to piss’ the blond lad asked obviously not feeling Robin seemed too desperate .

Robin just nodded and gritted her teeth.

‘May I please sit, my legs are hurting’ Robin asked thinking being sat down would make holding on easier.

‘Yes go on then’ he said and Robin gratefully but slowly began to walk to the desk chair. The movement was causing her bladder to suffer even more and she felt the a tiny dribble sneak out against her will. Robins whole body tensed up to stop the impending flood. Both lads noticed this.

‘Actually no you can’t sit down’ he said, walk over to hear and stand legs apart and arms by your side’

‘What the fuck, why! please can I just sit….my legs……they ache……please….’ Robin trailed off as tears formed in her eyes and another small 1 second stream released gently into her jeans. She realised the situation was getting away from her and she was on the verge of wetting herself right here in front of these 2 idiots.

‘Nath lad I think the show may be getting started - get over there now bitch’ snarked the blond lad aggressively.

‘Don’t say my name’ Nath said

‘It doesn’t matter, Strike knows us anyway’

‘Please, please just let me go to the toilet I don’t want to wet myself, not here or please look away at the very least ’ Robin began to sob any semblance of control now gone as tears began to stream down her now bright red face as the realisation of what was about to happen struck her.

‘Look away fuck that not everyday you get to see grown woman like you piss yaself, you dirty slut. I am not missing this’ Nath said

‘Strike will fuck you up when he sees you I promise’ Robin threatened as a last form of defence as another steady 3 seconds stream leaked out a small noticeable wet patch now forming on the crotch of her jeans.

Robin finally made it too where she was told to stand.

‘Strikes a pussy and won’t do fuck all’ said the blond lad ‘plus if this is as good at it promises we might knock him some money off so come on love stop with the pride shit and piss yaself already, I can see you’ve started’ he said nodding down at the small wet patch on Robins jeans.

Robin was in huge trouble and she knew it - she still had a small amount control but urine kept leaking out in small dribbles at regular intervals. Robin yearned to just let go and enjoy the relief her pain was so bad. However, She decided to try and make this as mundane as a 27 year woman peeing herself could possible be. Little tiny streams she thought just hold on for every second….don’t give up. Don’t give them the satisfaction of a full loss of control but it was all getting too much.

‘You absolute bastards, please just let me, let me…….no,no…….’ Robin trailed off.

Robin was going light headed the weight in her bladder was unbearable and pushing for imminent release, she had continued to let go of a number of steady streams resulting the wet spot growing to the size of a teacup and then stretching down the inside of her left leg to her mid thigh. Robin had hoped these may have eased the pressure which was close to breaking point but it just got worse and worse. Then everything went quiet and Robin could just hear her own heart beating - it felt like an out of body experience. Who was she?….what was happening……. oh no she realised!!!!!! WARMTH, warmth spreading faster than ever around her crotch her bladder suddenly releasing fully without warning.

The room was silent all she could hear was her pounding heart and then for a mortifying 6 second burst a loud hiss of urine escaping her body and a huge uncontrolled rate. This noise itself was intimate for Robin, she always knew that whenever she really had to go in extreme desperation she would always make a loud hiss as she peed. She was always embarrassed hearing it and so always did her best to control a steady stream when around others, such her even husband Matthew had rarely heard this uncontrolled sound himself. Once the hiss subsided the sound was replaced with the gentle splattering of Robins urine hitting the floor with a puddle of wee growing rapidly.

Time seemed to be moving in slow motion. Robin seemed to have a hyper sense to everything that was happening imprinting this nightmare moment into her brain forever. She felt urine exploding out of her vagina, warmth flooding into her underwear and jeans, it was cascading down both of her legs like a wild waterfall there was also a solid stream dropping straight from her crotch onto the laminate floor of the office. She could also feel urine running up her backside due to the shear force and volume. Her feet were being warmed on the cold floor by a golden shower emanating from her most intimate of areas. The sound of all this was like a tap was left running at full blast somewhere. The actual wetting itself was strangely cathartic Robin felt - the feelings, the warmth and sound she didn’t mind and wasn’t as disgusted in herself as she imagined she would be.

However she could see the 2 lads stood strangely quiet almost surprised by what they were seeing - like they didn’t think a grown woman could wet herself this badly. They then started to smile and laugh about what they were seeing. The puddle was growing so quickly they had to take a step back - after 30 seconds Robins jet like stream died into a calmer steady stream. After another 20 seconds she felt the ability to be able to stop and she did stem the flow. Only a few seconds later though she felt a huge pain in her bladder again as a secondary urge overtook her, she had no strength to hold anymore and so a new steady stream gently released causing her jeans to glisten making it clear to all that Robin was peeing again. Robin came out of her trance like state and became more aware of her environment at this time. She was aware that the lads were taking photos of her.

‘Fuck off boys, what’s with the pictures is the live show not enough….pricks’ Robin raged finding her anger levels now rising. After about 30 seconds more the stream finally subsided followed by a couple of little squirts to finish off. She stood for a few seconds until the puddle settled.

‘Can I go clean up now’ Robin asked solemnly.

‘Good show, wow you really did have to go crazy bitch, nah no cleaning up but yah can sit down now, we still want strike’ said Nath

He dragged the black office chair out from behind the desk Robin slowly meandered to the chair making ripples in the puddle as she moved and then clear pee footprints once out of the puddle showing the clear path she walked.

The lads seemed to be chatting about something else now with Robins excruciating drenching seemingly now old news. Robin sat slowly in the chair with the wetness of urine on her bottom particularly uncomfortable. She then noticed it was only 5:45. 15 minutes until Matthew should finish work. She wondered what will happen next as she sat down totally drenched her her own urine.

To be continued.

*004*2023-02-16 15:30

Recap:

Robins Friday night has gone badly so far. She’s being held by intruders at work waiting for her boss to get back and pay him. Robin has been forced to wet herself in front of the intruders after being denied bathroom access. The story continues after Robins mortifying accident.

Chapter 3

Robin spent the next hour staring into space seemingly half-conscious in her own world. The lads tried to engage in conversation on a few occasions mostly banter about the faint smell of urine now hanging in the room - the smell wasn’t too strong because of how much tea and water Robin had drank, a regret she now had from her decent Friday afternoon that seemed like such a long time ago. She was now feeling cold as the urine that had soaked her jeans had now cooled down and left Robins legs, crotch and bottom very damp. She also felt itchy and sticky from the drying urine. However, worse than all this though and to Robins surprise that despite having probably the largest wee in her life less than an hour ago she was now back to a severe level of desperation on a par with earlier. Sitting down made it easier to hold but her bladder control felt severely weakened and Robin felt she was on the verge on another embarrassing accident.

@@She was trying to stay still despite the overwhelming urge to rock and move to dull the urge but she didn’t want grab attention to herself. The lads were distracted on their phones and at the moment paying Robin no attention what so ever, which she was relieved about. However, her situation was becoming desperate as the urge intensified. Robin saw 3 options available to her at this point. The first was to ask to go and use the toilet - however they’d likely say no and it would be all eyes on her again. They might even get her to stand up like a performing seal again for act 2. ‘No thank you’ Robin thought. Option 2 was to try and make a dash for the loo. It was barely 10 steps from where Robin was sitting just outside of the closed office door. Not a great idea Robin felt. She reasoned that she’d unlikely make it once moving and risked potential violence against her for not listening to them. Not worth it considering she was still soaked from earlier and so fresh embarrassment may be reduced - although having never wet herself 2 times within an hour before Robin couldn’t be certain this would be the case. So, to Option 3. Robin was contemplating whether to just give up and wet herself quietly here in the chair. They may not even realise she was doing it. Certainly, if it’s a smaller wee and the chair contains it. However, it was leather and so containment would be limited and it felt like a sizeable amount awaiting release. However, despite this Robin felt option 3 was her only real option. She felt her heart flutter in a strange nervous excitement at the thought of releasing her bladder again and she could feel herself blushing even thinking about it. That’s strange she thought to herself.

Robin’s desperation was now off the chart, she felt her bladder was ready to let go any second. Robin took a deep steady breath, She was ready to go and was going to do it on her terms this time, quietly and steadily. In her head she began a countdown with the goal to keep the stream nice and steady 5…..4…..3……

‘Hey up Nath, our girls been quiet for a while’ said the blond lad walking up to Robin. Robin quickly tried to reverse the impending release but a steady 2 second stream released between Robins legs which she quickly opened so it wouldn’t pool in her lap and on view of the others. Robin noticed a quick glisten of fresh urine on her jeans and hoped she was the only one to notice this. Somehow against all odds Robin managed to stem the flow as the blond lad towered over her. Her bladder was now throbbing for release, it was painful and the earlier accident had definitely reduced Robins ability to hold. She internally begged for the lad to move on and just let her piss herself in peace.

‘Your shows made me want to go, where’s the bog’ he asked Robin

‘Why should I tell you' She yelled although knowing it was futile as it was literally outside.

‘Well, you look to be getting cold so I could warm you up’ he stated as he put his hand down his trousers implying that he would urinate over Robin.

‘Oh, urgghh please no it’s down the hall’ she begged, horrified at the thought. It was one thing being soaked in her own wee but somebody else’s in this situation would have really tipped Robin over the edge.

‘Haha thanks, I wouldn’t waste it on you, pissy tramp’ he stated as he walked off.

@@Robin was starting to cry again and her heart was pounding. Her bladder was screaming for relief but for once that had to come second as she felt on the verge of panic attack, her head was woolly, sound muffled. The threat of violence against her had brought what was happening home to her. Her breathing was becoming fast and laboured, Robin felt light headed on the verge of fainting. She tried to take control…eyes closed, deep breaths, focus on close noises, the street, the birds…..her heart rate starting settling a little, her breathing becoming calmer. She tried to stay in the trance of calmness however a part in the back of her head was screaming to her ‘you have to go now, time is up’. The panic hadn’t yet subsided though and so Robin had to ignore the message and concentrate on staying calm- then suddenly a gentle warmth in her crotch as her bladder relaxed against her will the stream much gentler and calmer than earlier. The warmth spread in the chair to her bottom. The warmth was somewhat soothing. It was spreading and pooling at her bottom and under her legs. A strangely pleasant feeling Robin noted. Robin remained calm and while she was yet again wetting herself uncontrollably this was the way to do it in her world, in her calm. The feeling of warmth spreading around her crotch, pooling a little in her lap and then between her legs. She could feel urine pulling around her bottom a feeling she was enjoying. Then suddenly a loud splatter like sound appeared, she realised it was the pool of urine now running off the edge of the chair that she continued to urinate on. Seconds later she could hear the lads muffled cheers and laughs obviously alerted to her latest accident following the sound. But Robin decided to stay in her world push the sounds of them out and experience and if possible, enjoy the feelings, the emotions, the sounds and even the faint smell of fresh pee. She wasn’t ashamed, they had made her do this supposedly disgusting, embarrassing, childish act not once but twice this but she had found peace and control and this made her feel pride and other feelings Robin was feeling confused with.

@@Robin continued to urinate steadily for 40 seconds not once opening her eyes to the creeps no doubt photographing her latest embarrassment. The lads had watched the puddle cascade off the chair and grow and grow until it met the previous puddle meaning nearly a third of the office was now covered in Robins lightly scented wee almost as if her territory was marked. They looked at each other and the humour in the situation had now gone - there was a strange atmosphere and Robin somehow despite having no weapons, being on her own, being much smaller than both lads and not least totally and uncontrollable peeing herself in the most embarrassing way had taken control of the situation. 2 hours ago, the thought of her peeing herself twice, in the office, in front of intruders would mortified her beyond believe. While the experience was mortifying and horrific, losing that semblance of control that she felt entitled too - that control was gone but she had got through it. What more could be done to her? The lads didn’t strike her as ones who wanted to raise the stakes any further and they just happened to take advantage of the opportunity being a very desperate Robin and no Strike about.

Robin’s stream finally died down and she opened her eyes and starred at the lads with alarming confidence for somebody dripping in their own urine.

‘Right boys, you’ve had your fun seeing me piss myself now here’s a deal. Option 1 delete all the photos and fuck off now. I’ll pass your message onto Strike about the money with a nice discount thanks to my charm of course. Then we mention no more. This never happened!! Or we can try option 2 you carry on waiting another 3/4 hours for Strike, I’ll keep on peeing every hour or so as I’ve had lots to drink and my bladder is wrecked thanks to you. I’d imagine him returning a few drinks deep to you 2 with his assistant soaked to the bone in her own pee and so emotionally scarred she may never come back; I am great at my job too so this would make him very unhappy. So, which it?’

‘We could clean up’ Nath reasoned

‘Good luck with that, how are you going to dry me’ Robin laughed hoping they didn’t notice her bag of work clothes behind the desk.

They looked at each other and mumbled a bit.

‘Ok, we’re off tell him though we’ll be collecting next week’ Nath said as he turned to the doors.

‘Ah photos let me see’ Robin demanded still sat in the seat.

‘Ah yes here you are’

They both held their phones out going through pictures of Robin mid accident on. Robin felt strange looking at them like it was someone else and also couldn’t believe the sheer volume of urine produced in both accidents.

The lads went through each one and deleted them one by one and then deleted them from their recycle bin. Robin strangely quite liked a couple of the pictures feeling she looked attractive and could have been off one of those dodgy websites she’s sometimes looked at in investigations. Oh well maybe another career option if this goes wrong thought Robin mockingly. Once the final pictures were gone the lads turned and left with Nath leaving with one last message

‘Night pampers it’s been fun, enjoy cleaning’

Robin smirked and gave him the finger as they walked out laughing.

Robin sighed a leaned back exhausted from her exertions and contemplating where to start the clean-up. There was no way she wanted anybody to know about this even if it wasn’t her fault.

To be continued

*005*2023-05-02 16:03

RECAP: Robin has finally got rid of the intruders to her office but not before she had embarrassingly wet herself on 2 occasions. We now join Robin as she looks to tidy up her mess while contemplating what has happened.

Chapter 4

@@Robin sat for 10 minutes doing nothing. The events of the past couple of hours rushing through her head. While Robin was embarrassed that she had wet herself twice as a grown adult she was not as disgusted as she thought she would be and wasn’t feeling too much of a urge to change out of her wet clothes. However the chances of Strike returning or Matthew coming to find were now rising. She noticed it was now 7pm well after when Matthew was due so she stood up slowly to check her phone. She was almost stuck to the seat and her bottom half was like she had been in the bath barring a small dry part at the top and bottom of her soaked jeans. As Robin stood up Robins bladder twinged with a slight urge to release yet again. While this feeling was well below the desperation she had felt already twice today a mixture of an exhausted bladder, already being soaked and just not being bothered anymore Robin didn’t fight to natural urge to let go again. Quickly her crotch was yet again greeted with a warm feeling that then ran down her legs and onto her feet causing ripples in the previously still puddle on the floor. Robins soaking jeans to glistened with fresh urine once more. The steady stream died down after about 10 seconds with a couple of small solid spurts following as the bladder fully emptied and ached for a rest. Blushing Robin considered if that counted as a third accident of the evening and concluded as it was so close to the last one and small enough that I think I’ve ‘only’ pissed myself 2 and a bit times today.

‘Good going Rob’ she joked out loud ‘You are winning’

She slowly walked through her puddle and around to her desk to get to her phone. She was now very aware of how wet her jeans were as the rubbed against her legs as she moved. Robin got to her phone as as she suspected had received missed call and a text from Matthew. Only one missed call though? Robin then read the text -

Sorry Rob, something majors come up at work stuck here until late, have to cancel so just head home.

Robin was actually relieved as this gave her a chance of being able to get home and clean up without Matthew ever knowing. He already hated her job and felt it was unsuitable for Robin. This would just at ammo to his argument maybe fairly on this occasion but that was not a battle Robin wanted today.

She monitored the room and decided the huge puddles were the place to start cleaning before she changed back into her work clothes. She was embarrassed but also impressed at the amount of pee she had produced over a short period of time - wondering if that was a unique skill of hers. Knowing my luck it would be she thought - ‘Robin Ellacott - pissing for England’ - she smirked.

15 minutes later the puddles were no more. Robin spayed as much hair freshener as she dared to get rid of the definite smell of urine. She still wasn’t convinced it was gone but then she was still covered in pee herself. So finally off to the bathroom she headed 2 and half hours after she first intended to visit it and much wetter and soggier for that wait.

Robin entered the small grubby room with her bag of work clothes she looked at the mirror seeing her drenched jeans fully for the first time. Robin blushed again but surprisingly she wasn’t too ashamed.

@@Unsure where to start. Robin started by undoing and pealing her soaking wet jeans down her legs which were actually shaking quite visibly. The jeans were sticky and cold and the smell off drying urine was clear to Robin. Pulling them down revealed Robins dark green knickers that were also soaked heavily at the crotch. She turned round to assess the damage to the back of the knickers and the whole back was soaked through she pulled her jeans off then slid her damp knickers down her now itchy legs, revealing her tidy strawberry blond pubic mound. Without thinking she ran her hand through her pubic hair, picking up dampness from her accidents. She reached and felt her pert bottom with both hands it too was feeling sticky and intchy from the partially dried urine. Robin unbelievably again had the urge to pee so finally sat on the toilet for the first time this morning. She let out a solid stream actually taking a much greater interest in the stream leaving her body. She peed for another 10 seconds and was beginning to wonder where all this urine was coming from. Robin then used paper towels, cheap bathroom soap and the only tap available which was colder than ice to try and clean herself off as best she could. Robin Palmed a damp soapy paper towel around her vagina, bottom and her legs. After 10 minutes Robin felt cleaner but far off her usual standards and was still twitchy about smelling of urine. She got her work trousers out to put back on and realised the Green underwear she had was her only ones. Robin hated the thought of wearing no underwear like a naughty school girl. What’s more her office trousers were cheap and itchy at the best of times nothing separating that from her privates and bottom wasn’t appealing. Robin picked up her knickers to see how dry they had got tempted to see if she could get away with wearing them. The answer was not at all, wearing them would be uncomfortable and definitely result in a wet patch on her work trousers. No knickers it is Robin thought and sighed as she pulled on her itchy grey work trousers.

5 minutes later Robin was finally good to go home. She sprayed herself liberally in perform as she did to her damp clothes in her bag determined not to be that person who smells of wee on the underground. She locked up and headed down stairs onto the street. Robin felt odd walking knowingly without underwear on - something other woman may do without the slightest thought but not Robin. She walked to the nearest underground station at the end of the street. As she walked she noticed that her need to urinate was starting to build yet again.

‘For fuck sakes, come on Rob we can do this’ she said as she powered on towards the underground ready for the 40-45 minute trip home.

*006*2023-07-31 15:16

Hi All, Following over a year of doing this story please find below the final 2 chapters of Robin’s story. I’ve really enjoyed writing this. Hope you all enjoy the end of this story. As always more than happy to get feedback on this. Thank you.

Chapter 5

30 minutes later Robin was sat in a half empty carriage on her train. 10 minutes left until her stop and then a 5-minute walk to her home. Robin was feeling fairly miserable after her terrible end to the week. However, she wasn’t as devastated as she imagined she would be. She was feeling itchy and unclean especially around her vagina and bottom, with her horrible work trousers seeming to react with the left-over urine and horrible office soap to make her feel like jumping in a cold bath in order to sooth herself. She was also paranoid that the train smelled like urine and that it was her or her bag, it probably wasn’t as this train tended to always smell this way. But today was the first time ever it had a slight chance of being Robin herself that smelled…..what a life milestone that is Robin thought.

On top of all this yet again Robin extremely long hold earlier and she was now paying the price. She laughed a little, cried a little, even considered just letting it happen - embrace being that smelly train wee person. But no Robin quickly came back to reality she’s a clean respectful girl from a respectful family and also knows quite a few people in the area. Wetting in the office in front of 2 strangers is one thing doing it in public and risking seeing a friend or worst one of Matthew’s friends was beyond comprehension. So, with this iron focus Robin tightly willed her bladder shut. She even allowed herself a cheeky crotch grab when nobody was close. This was something she had avoided in front of the lads earlier as they’d have seen it as her touching herself for thrills no doubt and she didn’t fancy giving them any further ideas to entertainment she could provide.

The brief holds helped Robin reach the end of her train journey she prepared to get up knowing that movement has been her bladders enemy today.

‘Come on Robin, no more peeing ourselves today we are 27’ she said under her breath.

With that she stood up and the immediate weight of her bladder was alarming as was the weakness of her pelvic floor as she felt she was on the verge of peeing yet again. Tears sprang into her eyes - No Robin, no you can do this she willed herself. She placed her work bag in front of her crotch hoping to block the impending flow from view from anybody watching. The train stopped and Robin walked on unsteady legs, every step she felt like another flood would begin instantly. She had no confidence in her ability to hold after the earlier events but slowly trudged on. She went lightheaded again the feeling in her bladder numb,

‘Shit, shit come on please not here’.

She awaited the warmth of the accident to follow but nothing happened yet, she then did something she would usually never do. In public albeit behind her work back she jammed her left hand down into her pants and other her aching uthreea. She held as tight against her skin as she dared in public. If anybody looked closely, they would say she was pleasuring herself in public. At this point she thought maybe the lesser of two evils following 2 and a bit accident already today.

The holding made it easier for Robin to walk but the urge was still great, and she was unsure if she could make it home. As she walked out of the station Robin was again starting to feel on the verge of letting go once more. The street was packed with people and was still light, so many people would see here and, on the walk, home. Robin then walked past a pub she didn’t know and decided to gamble on going in. It was a gamble that she could find and use (a lot of pubs have customer only codes on their toilets) within a couple of minutes otherwise inside this pub - the bell tower would be where she pees herself for the third time today.

She entered the bar which was thankfully darker and quieter than outside - not great for spotting a loo but should the worst happen (which Robin now fully expected to happen given today's events) she can be somewhat hidden and private while it happens. She wondered round her hand still in her trousers and was slightly wet - she didn’t feel any spurts but then given the the struggles so far today maybe wee was just leaking without a proper release. She was walking and walking and was running out of time. The sensation she had earlier was back signalling bladder release was imminent whether see was ready or not.

Tears formed in her eyes again. She was now looking for the loos but also at the same time somewhere quiet to hide for when the inevitable happened. Her bladder was really on the verge of letting go, she was amazed she hadn’t leaked significantly up to now - surprised what a firm grip can do down there. But the end was now near - her bladder was contracting in pain every 20 seconds. Every time Robin expected it to result in a major leak but still, she miraculously held out. Then like an angel in the sky she saw the sign for the woman’s toilets in the distance, she picked up pace and with that her bladder screamed even for for release. 5 steps away and there was a quick jet of pee burst into her hand. It was small but strong. Robin got to the door of the women’s toilet to see the sign: paying customers only ask for key!

@@‘Oh fuck, no no no this can’t be happening again!’ Another small release dampened her hand, but she was still somehow surviving any major damage. However, that was going to end here and now, Robin was feeling sick holding on for dear life desperate not to completely wet herself for a third time. Robin had given up hope and was trying to hide herself the best she could from view ready for the final flood - if it was as big as the earlier ones this was going to be messy in the small annoyingly bright section outside of the toilets, which was thankfully empty at the moment. It was too late she could not move anywhere better her bladder was totally numb just a dead weight of liquid ready to be dumped and it was contracting hard and constantly. Her left hand was still holding on for all she could, but it was now quite wet due to steady leaks. Robin then heard a noise somebody coming. Please just let me wet myself in peace she thought to herself resigned to the impending flood about the overwhelm her poor aching bladder. But then the woman’s bathroom door flung open.

A woman mid 60’s with dark hair and a orange tan staggered out and noticed Robins obvious plight.

‘Oh dear, I’m sorry love take this to the bar once you're done hope yer Knicks are still dry’.

If only you knew Robin thought unsure if even the few clear steps to the toilet were too far to go. She quickly managed one step, two step, three step…..sudden sprinkle of wee into her hand. ‘Fuuuuck’ Robin cried as she quickly made the final few steps in quick succession locked the door dropped her bags in a heap. Then in one fail swoop pulled her work trousers down while removing her hand from her throbbing privates she practically fell onto the toilet as she gushed the loudest hiss she ever heard as pee erupted from her. Ecstasy for Robin and she was on a toilet. Ah well I’m still just about house trained she thought to herself as the stream of relief eased and after a minute ended. Robin put her hands on her face in relief only to be surprised one was wet ‘Ah shit my pee’ as she wiped her face on her shirt.

The next task was to inspect her trousers which she suspected wouldn’t be great given all of the spurts she lost at the end. But actually, on inspection they were damp inside, but the outside showed very little. Result thought Robin. It was crazy how far her result expectations had dropped in few hours.

Robin finished up and took the key back, she felt bad nearly peeing on the floor so decided after the day she had to have a drink which turned into 3. She then headed back out of the pub and past the woman who left the loo before us.

‘Hi lovey, you looked pretty desperate before did you keep your Knicks dry’ she asked Robin.

It was a vulgar question Robin would usually ignore but a few drinks and today's events had changed Robin somewhat so see leaned over to her and whispered.

‘I’m not wearing any as I pissed in them earlier on’ Robin winked and smiled as did the woman with a look of confusion.

Robin headed off home for the night.

Chapter 6

Robin really enjoyed her short walk home. The sun was dropping, and the evening air was cool as she walked down the street. Robin was in a strangely happy mood and really couldn’t put a finger on why she felt so upbeat. Given the fact that in the last few hours she had been held at gun and knife point, wet herself completely for the first time ever as a sober adult not once but twice and also had a third extremely close call Robin would have expected to be downcast. But this wasn’t the case.

@@Maybe it was the triumph of not having an accident this third time? Robin had been 100% convinced she was going to pee herself for a third time and this would have, in her eyes been the worst of all. The first two accidents ones were forced, nobody can hold forever she thought and most of not all people would have done the same. Also, despite the two dickheads being present the accidents were relatively private, and she was able to clean up and change afterwards meaning the outside world knew nothing. In the pub though technically, nobody was stopping Robin use a loo in good time, there would have been a number of witnesses and then and possibly worst Robin would have had this same 5-minute walk but drenched in her own urine obvious for everybody to see. As she walked now looking at the various people going about their Friday evening, she had never been more appreciative of having dry pee free trousers. What a strange thought to have Robin thought and smiled to herself. She was though impressed with her ability to hold on that final occasion and not wetting yourself when you had resigned yourself to it happening seemed to be good for the mind. Robin headed into her street noticing that the gin and tonics she had in the pub were catching up with her and her bladder was again becoming full. However, Robin was not concerned at all as she headed through her communal front garden and opened her front door.

‘What a day’ Robin exhaled as she opened the door and the walked through to the entrance of her first floor flat.

It was now 8:15pm and Robin entered her flat and dumped her bags and removed her shoes. She stood for a second contemplating her next move.

The 3 g&t’s with no food had left Robin slightly merry, nothing too bad but she knew she had been drinking. Robin headed to the kitchen with her bag of soiled clothes and popped them in the washing machine, they were still damp but smelled mainly of perfume which Robin was grateful for. Robin felt her bladder twinge a little - her need at the moment minor but her broken bladder just begging for a break. Robin though subconsciously decided against heading to the loo right now and decided she needed food.

20 minutes later Robin was finishing up her microwave pasta meal accompanied by a glass of wine. She still hadn’t heard from Matthew and planned her evening in her head. Right Robin, a desperately needed shower, pop clothes washing on then and evening with the tv she thought to herself. Robin got up and cleaned up her dishes. Upon putting the tap on Robins bladder gave out a distress call and a sudden cramp crippled Robin. ‘Ow! She called allowed as she hunched over. For a quick moment Robin thought her bladder had released itself but it was a false alarm. The cramp ended and she was dry, but it was a reminder of the day's ordeals and a clear notice to head straight to the loo. She quickly washed her dishes with crossed legs and then headed to the bathroom for the loo and her very well-earned shower.

@@Robin flicked the bright bathroom light on and closed the blinds. Her bladder was now throbbing almost gearing up ready for release with the toilet in sight. Robin turned to the loo and was just about too undue her trousers when she caught a view of herself in the bathroom mirror. She turned to the mirror and studied herself, she wasn’t the kindest about herself and often lacked confidence, but Robin did shyly in her head admit you actually look pretty good tonight Robin - nobody would ever guess such an innocent beauty would have peed themselves. She stood in her red short sleeve top and her grey work trousers which despite being cheap and itchy hugged her figures in a very complementary light. Robin removed her top to reveal a dark green bra, matching the knickers she soaked hours ago. Robin’s heart was beating faster looking at herself in a way she hadn’t done for years. She removed her bra revealing her pert c cup breasts. Robin’s pale white skin often a hinderance to beauty she thought but tonight she felt every part of her was stunning. Robin wasn’t the most sexual of women - sex with Matthew was vanilla and routine, usually Matthew asleep with Robin left unsatisfied. Robin did masturbate occasionally but this was relatively rare as she always felt embarrassed. Probably harking back to when she was 16 and Robin was pleasuring herself in her room something she had recently discovered, she was mid orgasm trying to not make a noise. Then her door opened, and her mum walked in - ‘Oh Robin, what the hell is wrong with you’ she had screamed. Robin had pulled her quilt over her a hid absolutely mortified shouting ‘Get out!!’. She was given the most humiliating of talks later that evening from her mum a woman who really was a prude and didn’t believe women should have their own sexual appetites. Robin obviously disagreed but unfortunately the event did impact her overall sexual conference and desires.

Today though Robin was feeling something she hadn’t for a long time. She touched her pert breast and stroked her nipple. Her heart was beating and at that point her bladder let out another distress call. Robin looked at the loo but remained still her heart was now racing and Robin was beginning to understand something new about herself. Robin realised she didn’t want to use the loo, it would be an anticlimax she couldn’t believe she was thinking this was but she liked being desperate and the idea of letting go and wetting herself here in the bathroom excited her.

Robin blushed at the thought and was having a internal battle on whether she should. Thoughts were swimming through her head - just go to the toilet what’s wrong with you, nobody wets themselves on purpose, just let go, if it feels good just do it. She thought of her mum being disgusted, Matthew walking in to find his beautiful Robin peeing herself he would be disgusted no doubt. Robins negativity was winning the battle and she prepared to pull her trousers down. But the buzz from the thought of just doing it would not go away. Looking at the mirror she wondered what the wetness would look like spreading across her grey trousers. She imagined the feeling of warmth in her crotch again and down her legs and the sound it would make on the white tiled floor. Robin was breathing deeply realising that soon the decision would be taken for her as her bladder contracted in pain. ‘I can’t do this…..can I?’Robin whispered to herself.

@@Then clarity - I’ll do it she decided. She nervously eased her bladder her heart pounding and her privates tingling for attention. A few seconds past and nothing happened surprisingly. Her body was still fighting against a wetting - her years of bladder control were not to be easily bypassed. Earlier she had let go uncontrollably when she didn’t choose to. Now she was attempting to go on purpose her body wasn’t having it. How ironic Robin thought where was this control earlier? Knowing full well that the desperation level was a lot less. The delay had Robin second guessing herself again and contemplating the ridiculous nature of what she was doing. I am here in my bathroom a 27 year old adult trying to wee in my pants only 2 feet from my toilet. Robin’s face was red her breasts were beginning to cool and her nipples erect. Robin looked at herself in the mirror decided right one last try. She relaxed and waited, 5 seconds passed, 10,15,still nothing 20 then a feeling that it was coming her wee was near the edge Robin could tell and then PSSS a quick 2 seconds blast immediately cut off by instinct. Robin blushed even more noticing the small wet spot appear on her trousers crotch area. She could also feel a reasonable dribble moving slowly down her left leg however that wasn’t visible through her trousers.

A few seconds past and Robins urge had now intensified after she had subconsciously regained control after her first leak. Her pent up urine felt on the edge of her uthreea waiting to be let free. She duly obliged and relaxed her muscles this time no fight was given and a solid stream of urine released instantly flowing down her legs, the familiar warmth mainly down her legs was back happily this time in her own home and at her own will. The hiss of the urine escaping her was quiet but constant. Robin realising the lack of underwear resulted in a slightly different feeling from earlier giving her stream more space to go before coming into contact with the fabric of her trousers.

Robin was almost hypnotised by her trousers for the first few seconds, the sight of her boring normal work pants quickly being taken over by a glistening patch of wetness which started as a quickly growing circle at her crotch before thin streaks quickly stretched down her legs before they began to thicken out as more and more urine escaped. Robin could here her urine splattering out if her trouser legs onto her bare feet and the floor. Robins stream continued steadily into her trousers. 

Robin put her hand onto her crotch and felt the warm fresh urine pool in her palm. Robin enjoyed the feeling immensely. She then took her dripping hand and put it to her face smelling and then licking her fingers surprised by the lack of taste. Robin noticed herself in the mirror and blushed further unsure what was driving her to such actions. Robin then decided to unbutton her top button if her pants, this movement stopped to flow of her urine, she quickly put her left hand into her trousers and over her vagina. Her pubic hair was dripping wet as was her whole vagina. Robin noticed the puddle on the floor had a yellow tinge something she had not noticed with her earlier accidents due to the dark floor. A few seconds after her hand was placed loosely on her privates and final burst of pee was released straight through her fingers. Warm and fresh straight from the source Robin was weak at the knees as her arousal levels skyrocketed. 

Robin peed solidly for another 20 seconds into her hand leaving a large puddle covering half of the bathroom floor. Robins allowed her stream to die down stood savouring the warmth in her trousers. She then slowly pulled the dripping trouser down her sopping legs. It was not the easiest to get them off and Robin nearly slipped in her own puddle. Robin thought my god imagine if I’d slipped and hurt myself. Matthew would come home to me unconscious in a huge puddle of my own pee - that would take some explaining she cringed. Robin now fully nude looked at herself in the mirror her legs glistening and damp. Robin then moved her left hand back to her pubic mound and her right hand to her left breast. Robin couldn’t believe how wet her vagina was due to her pee but the also the fact she was more aroused that she ever had been. Robin then pleasured herself and reached a huge climax less that 2 minutes after starting. 

The orgasm was so huge Robin collapsed to her knees and ended up kneeling down in her puddle of pee. Shaking following her climax Robin slumped down and sat down fully, her bare bottom sat is the large yellow now quite cool puddle. Robin stayed like this breathing deeply and shaking for about 5 minutes. She was processing the day's events still unsure what had occurred. She saw her soaked grey work pants and remembered back to 7am when she put them on ready for work. If at that point somebody had told Robin In 12 hours' time, she would be completely wetting those same trousers right next to her toilet ON PURPOSE before pleasuring herself to one of the biggest orgasms she had ever had she would have thought them insane. At this point Robins orgasm rush had past and her thought clarity came back. Realising that Matthew could be back at any time Robin jumped into action she stood up with dribbles of cold urine dripping for her bare bum and running down the backs of her legs.

Robin was unsure how best to clean up - she was wet and now cold; the floor was wet, and she only had bathroom towels close at hand. Robin used a towel to dry the pee off her body and feet and put it around her being careful not to stand in the puddle again. Robin got some cleaning supplies and cleaned up her third large puddle of the day. After mopping up the puddle Robin picked up her drenched work trousers, bra and top which were both free of damage. Robin then headed to the washing machine and popped them in. Realising the towel, she had around her had been used to wipe the pee of her body Robin took it off and was now naked in the kitchen. She quickly popped the machine on and quickly ran back to the bathroom before anybody could see her through the windows. Robin then jumped in the shower and just before turning the water on felt another slight need to pee. She waited and a small steady stream released only 5 seconds long. This was about the only thing that Robin wasn’t surprised about. One of Robins dirty secrets was that she’d occasionally wee in the shower. The water just usually made her need to go, and she never fancied interrupting a shower when the water would just wash the wee away. Robin then turned the water on and soaped up her body and gave herself a very well needed clean.

After her shower Robin got her pyjamas on and headed to watch television and contemplate her crazy crazy day.

