Rachel Amber's Desperate Train Ride - Page 2

Author: Tali'zorah

*025*2018-03-23 16:54

Here’s the newest part you guys. Enjoy!

“Wow, that’s, well. A little bit unexpected, but hey. At least that makes two of us.”

My heart is racing. That’s her response? Really? This really can’t be happening. Steph? Really? This must all be some sort of dream. Especially after her second response text,

“Well, Maybe we should get together and, you know, talk more on this”

I must be dreaming.

“Chloe, pinch me.”

“You aren’t dreaming Rachel.”

“Am I dead?”

“You aren’t in heaven either.”

“It definitely seems like it though.”

“It certainly does.”

I reply to Steph, telling her that it sounds like a plan.

Well, It seems we are ready for our next game.

“You and your games.”

“Hey, I like games. What can I say?”

“Umm, so, any idea as to when I will be able to just piss myself?”

“I just want to see you desperate Price. That a problem?”

“Actually, not at all.”

“Great, now, for our next game, we will need to use this.”

I pull out a quarter and place it into the view finder and it does not work. I need this thing to catch my father, and it doesn’t fucking work?! I start kicking it until an out of order sign falls off.

“Well that blows.” Wow Chloe, that was very insightful.

“That was my last quarter, you?”

“Quarterless”

Why? Why the fuck would that happen. Chloe says something about McGyvering something up and walks off somewhere. My father had been acting suspicious lately, I saw a note saying to meet at this spot. Well, the tree that I need the view finder to have a better view of. There seems to be someone there, a figure underneath the tree. What, what does Chloe want- “A knife?”

“My mom took mine away.”

“Umm, I have a nail filer. Does that work?”

“I’ll make due.”

I continue to look out in the distance. Who cares if I don’t get that nail file back, got a lot more than that one. Well, I hope she can figure something out cause-

“I don’t want to brag, so I’ll let you do it.”

She holds out the Quarter, “Chloe Price, you truly are amazing!”

Once she hands me the quarter, her hands jam into her crotch. She really does need to pee. This is actually really exciting.

So, How much more can her bladder take? “You need to pee that badly?”

“Yeah, pretty badly actually.”

“Hold on, let me try something.” I walk over and push on her bladder.

“What the fuck!” She back away, doubled over trying not lose control. “What the fuck was that for!”

I notice that this little move caused a baseball sized patch to appear on her jeans. “Just wanted to make things more interesting Price.”

“I guess.” She is finally able to stand straight again. “Well, It did cause to leak quite a bit.”

“So, you already got to find out where I am ticklish, and tickled me until I peed myself, I think it’s only fair that I know your ticklish spots Chloe.”

“Fair enough, well, arm pits, sides, and I am especially ticklish on my feet.”

“Hmm, I may need to keep that in mind.”

“Great.” She rolls her eyes. You don’t roll your eyes at me Chloe. Ever.

I place the quarter into the vending machine that actually works this time. “So, this game, we look at different people, and come up with scenarios for them.”

“That sounds… Ok lets play.”

~~~~~~~~~~~~

He’s cheating on my mom! That lying, cheating, piece of shit mother fucker is cheating on my mom!

I turn to Chloe who has just realized I wasn’t at the View finder anymore. “What the hell are we doing?”

“Huh?”

“We’ve been ditching school for hours, and we aren’t wasted yet.”

“Well, I don’t know if I can fit anymore liquid in my bladder, I just-”

“Then hold it or wet it.”

I walk past a picnic table where two people have a wine bottle. I just take it and walk off, Chloe, trying desperately to hold in her urine follows me. I don’t know where I am going, and I don’t know what I’m doing. I don’t care if this wine fills my bladder again, I don’t care if I piss my pants again. I’m just done with everything. I may just fill up my bladder again just to help distract me, Should I pee myself twice in one day? Sure, why not? I start downing the wine as I walk on, until I get that satisfying twinge in my abdomen. I guess I already need to pee again, not badly, but enough where it should be fun. But even then, the image of my father kissing that woman, it’s scared into my head. I take another gulp of wine to get the image out of my head, and walk a little faster forward, not caring if Chloe can catch up.

I Need Space.

$$

*027*2018-03-23 17:49

{{Just now, Melificentfan said:

I hate cheaters but that was a great chapter

}}

Same, one of the many reasons why I hate this certain character from Life is Strange. Glad you enjoy.

*032*2018-04-07 00:07

Not sure when the next part will be out. Lots going on. I'll get working on it as soon as I can

*036*2018-04-24 15:20

{{5 hours ago, Robbiebvb said:

Any updates yet? i been checking everyday :O

}}

Sorry. Have been super busy and tech hasn't really been on my side either.

*037*2018-05-21 15:03

So, I plan to be back to writring this soon, just could use some input. Where would you like to see this go?

*040*2018-06-22 01:06

After the long wait of bull happening in my life, (even if it is still happening), The next part is Finally, FINALLY, here. Hope y’all enjoy. As always, comments and critiques are always welcome. It’s from here that I plan to take a different approach from the game.

Chloe is still following me. Does she not get that I need some fucking space! Would she even be able to comprehend what is happening?

“Chloe, I need some space.”

“No, I don’t understand, First we were having the best day of our lives, and now this?”

“I DON’T HAVE TO EXPLAIN TO YOU CHLOE!” I take a deep breath, “I just need space.”

“I get it, really. I know I am not the easiest person to be around-”

“Oh, I forgot, Everything needs to be about Chloe, Well, guess what, It isn’t always about Chloe!”

“You know what Rachel, I know you’re the school princess and all, with the DA daddy and all the perfect grades and all the perfect little Victoria Chases kissing your perfect ass, but seriously – Fuck you.”

I just can’t take any more of this shit. I don’t care if she pisses herself anymore. I am done with her fucking attitude, “Great. I’m leaving. See you around Chloe”

“You can’t leave!”

I don’t care, “Watch me”

“Rachel. Please.”

I turn around, I see that she was leaking, and, I don’t know how much longer she can hold it. I don’t.- Fuck, maybe I do care. “Why should I stay Chloe. Give me one fucking reason.” I don’t know what tears I am crying. Anger, fear, hurt, sadness, loneliness. I just know that they are tears.

“Because I don’t want to ruin this like I ruin everything in my life.”

“And what exactly is this?” I remember she lost a father, her father is dead. Maybe I should tell her. Maybe we can help each other.

“Like, Fuck, are you actually going to make me say it?”

“Say what exactly?” How do I feel about her? What the fuck can we do about this

“Like, a friendship, but, more.”

“Oh.”

“I know. Stupid, right, It’s just that, well, ever since we first met, there was just, something special between us.” I cant bring myself to say anything, I don’t know how to feel, I just,

“I’m sorry Chloe, I just, don’t know what to say to that.”

“Fuck!”

“I’m Sorry.”

“It’s not just that Rachel, I need to piss like a racehorse.”

“Oh.”

That’s right, I still get to see Chloe pee her pants like a little girl. Granted, I did as well, but at least mine was because I was tickled.

“Yeah, should I just go right here, or wha-”

“I know what to do. Don’t worry Chloe, relief is on the way”

“Rachel, what do you mea-AHH” At that moment, I push on her bladder and keep pushing until I see that she emptied it. I can’t help but watch as the light blue of her jeans gets many shades darker, fast. After what seems like a millennia of Chloe soaking her jeans the last drops fall.

We are silent for a while, both staring at the mess she just created. “You know Chloe, there is something special between us.” She just looks at me bug-eyed, “Follow me, I have something to tell you.” She follows me to that tree where I saw my father. That, is just simply where my journey with her began. Much more fun and excitement was in store for the Dynamic duo of Price and Amber.

*043*2018-06-23 07:03

Not sure when the next part will be but I definitely have plans for the future of this story. Of course all centered around Racheln so, we may have more than just Chloe and Rachel moments. (Not sure about adding Frank cause I was never all that thrilled with his romance with Rachel)

*046*2018-07-13 01:40

Another chapter out. Hope you enjoy! As always, comments and critiques are always welcome. This does put more Emphasis on Blackwell being a college and not a high school.

I wake up. In my bed. Thank fuck for that. I think it was Chloe that made sure I did. What Even Happened Yesterday?

I retrace my steps. I ditched school, like that is such a big deal in college, but with Chloe Price! We went on a train where she tickled me until I pissed myself. I found out Steph also likes the same interest in peeing as Chloe and I do, I also found out that my father is a cheating piece of shit, I got pissed of at chloe, who calmed me down by pissing herself, except not really. I realised that there must be something between me and Chloe, I think, Maybe? Is that all that happened? Wait, Oh yeah, lost my temper when I burnt a photograph of me and my father….. Which somehow lead to me starting a wildfire. Might need to work on anger management. That's about all I remember, so I look at my phone. Messages from Chloe, *Blush*, Steph, *Blush*, And Dad, FUCK!

I look at the text from Chloe first,

“Last night was…. Yeah. By the way, you’re Amazing.”

I respond with a “How amazing?” Before I can even exit out of the conversation, or even think to, I get a response of, “Hella Amazing”

Moving on to Steph,

“Rise in shine Prospera! Today is the day you perform for an audience! Can you actually come earlier? And, with a full bladder?”

I respond with a sure. And move on to the text I could fucking care less about, What the fuck could my father wa-

“I heard you come in late, why were you out so late Rachel?”.....Shit.

“Was studying with a friend, being that it is close to finals and all.”

No response. Guess he buys it. I get out of bed and feel the uncomfort in my abdomen. I send a text to both Chloe and Steph, “Just woke up and already need to pee.”

Never in my life would I have thought that I would have two people that I would text when I needed to pee. Now that I do, I’m pretty sure there are no regrets.

Instantly both reply. Chloe replies with a “All that wine finally caught up to you? I’m shocked that Rachel Amber didn’t wet the bed.”

“Shocked or disappointed?”

“Hella disappointed.”

I can’t help but blush. She took my signature line.

“Well, here's to hoping Rachel Amber has yet another accident. I want updates.”

“I see Mrs. Price is not so shy about her wants anymore.”

“Well, you do look Hella hot in soaked jeans. ”

“So do you Price. So do you. ;)”

“NO EMOJI!”

“But Why? =^.^=”

“You’re just evil.”

“<3”

I leave My conversation with Chloe at that and switch over to Steph, who responded with a “I am already at campus getting ready for the performance. Why don’t you and your full bladder come meet me there?”

“You really want to see me have an accident that badly”

“Actually I really do. ”

“How badly do you want to see that?”

“About as Badly as I need to pee right now.”

“Ok, how badly is that?”

“Why don’t you come and find that out yourself Mrs. Amber ;)”

“I’m not a Mrs.”

“Not yet ;). Anyway, come on down.”

“I may just do that ;)”

Am I really flirting with 2 girls at once? Yes. I really do like both guys and girls, but the guys here at Blackwell are disgusting. I must say both Chloe and Steph are Hella cute. I just really don’t know who the hell to go for. That's when an email goes off on my phone… from Dean Wells himself.

“Ms. Rachel Amber,

We have been informed that you missed an entire days worth of classes, and have been spotted leaving with Ms. Price. We Require both of you to come to my office immediately. Be there within an hour, not later.

Sincerely.

Dean Wells”

SHIT FUCK BALLS! Why now?!

I get a text from Chloe, “SHIT FUCK BALLS! Why now?!”

My need to pee isn’t getting any better. And this trip won’t help any. I just hope I wet myself in front of Steph and not the Dean of this college.

“Email?”

“Yep.”

“We better get going.”

“Fun fact, there isn’t enough time for either of us to pee before we get there, and I need to piss like a racehorse!”

“This should be interesting. Looks like we have hell to pay.”

“Still worth it.”

I send a quick text to Steph, telling her the situation and head over to the deans. The way my bladder is filling up, I am honestly terrified that I won't be able to make it to the toilet, rather, to Steph on time.

*049*2018-08-29 17:57

Sorry for the long delay. Life got really busy….. And Strange. However, I am back at it again! So, sit back, enjoy, and, as always, comments and critiques are always welcome.

Skip the toilet break, get to the school, deal with the shitty Dean, meet up with Steph, piss myself. Never thought I would add that to my schedule. When Chloe Price enters your life everything is just so different. Especially when she accidentally awakens a hidden fetish. My legs are carrying me to the good awful building. I only skipped once, why the hell am I being called down here. I see Chloe waiting outside the building, hands on crotch.

“Need to go that bad Price?”

“Maybe.”

“Luckily it should only be a short meeting.”

“You hope.”

“You're the one who has to pee!” I know I have to pee as well, but Chloe doesn't need to know that. “Lets just go in and deal with this.”

The instant we walked in, the scent of alcohol. So is that where all of our funds go? To his alcoholic tendencies? He set up a fundraiser for the handicap? No, it's all going towards his nice couple dozen drinks a night. Fuck him.

He slowly turns around. “Ms. Price, Ms. Amber, I am sure you both know why you are here today.”

The meeting went on for, well, enough for me to be damn close to be bursting. And Chloe was barely holding on. Dean Wells noticed and said that this should be a reason to keep his words in mind. After that he told us to get the hell out of his office. I was let off with a first and last warning while Chloe is basically kicked out of school. Just when I was about to leave Chloe calls out to me.

“Rachel! Wait up!”

I look back to see her still holding in her pee, a small patch on her crotch. “Chloe, I’m sorry.”

“I’m not, look at me. Free from this prison. Also, look at me, I’m gonna piss my pants in front of my crush.”

“Really?” I look down to see her bladder explode its contents out. The jeans she was wearing suddenly dampened, streams of urine ran down her legs and into her shoes, and I couldn't help but just stare. “Damn, thats hot.”

“Feels so good too. You better get going, you have… play stuff or whatever.”

“You better go and see it Ms. Price. I’ll put on a killer performance knowing you're watching.”

“We will see. See you later Rachel.”

“See you Price.”

I walk my way to help Steph with set up, with a full bladder.

$$

