Tessa's diary

Author: Thatomogirl

*000*2017-03-28 02:04

I'll start by saying Hi! I'm kinda new to the forum so I figured I'd introduce myself. My real life name is not Tessa, but that's what I like to go by. For whatever reason it won't let me edit my profile, but anywayssss.. I wrote this little story and my omo friends seem to enjoy it so I thought maybe you guys would too!

Please let me know what you guys think, and any suggestions are 100% welcome! This isn't really a "diary" but I'm not sure what else to call it.

I'm super sorry that this came out as a wall of text, but I don't know how to space things out on this. Oh well.

Enjoy!

Chapter 1: Finally, a real home!

So here I am, sitting in the lobby that I’ve never been in before, of an orphanage I’ve been in my whole life. Oh sorry! I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Tessa, or Tess for short, I am twelve years old, and I have never had a last name. From the time I was two years old I have lived in a very tiny girls orphanage. People tell me that I am shy, but I just don’t like the people who live here, they always call me mean names. I sleep in a room with 7 other girls, and in a bed with 3. I have never had much. For the past couple years I have saved every single bit of money I earned and so far I have over ten dollars saved!

Each day goes by the exact same ever since my friend Amber left. I wake up early because if we miss breakfast we don’t get to eat until dinner, then I spend all day alone playing with my favorite doll, then it’s bedtime once the sun goes down. We are not allowed to leave the play area, or the main hall, I never knew what this room was before today. The front of the building is much different than I had imagined, from the back you can only see big buildings, but the front is full of cars and trees. I caught myself daydreaming when an older lady dressed in a black business dress walked up to me “Excuse me, are you Tessa?” she asked firmly. I had trouble responding properly, her voice frightened me.

“Y-y-yes ma’am.” I stammered. She walked to the other side of the help desk and brought some papers to somebody in another room. My heart was beating so hard in my chest it felt like as if somebody was punching me over and over again. What had I done? Was I in trouble? Were they going to take me somewhere else? My eyes shifted from one side of the room to another. Suddenly I could see a figure appear from behind the door. I was the only person in the waiting room. That’s when I saw her, a beautiful young woman in a pink dress with white trim, her hair was pigtails, she seemed like a princess to me.

I couldn’t believe my eyes, and I certainly couldn’t believe hers. They were the most beautiful emerald green I have ever seen, it was very intimidating to look at her. The lady walked over to me and smiled as she knelt down to be eye level.

“Hi there Tessa.” She said to me, forcing eye contact. I was dumbfounded, unable to move a single muscle. Was she an investigator? Did I do something wrong? A million thoughts ran through my mind at the same time, but the only one that never crossed me arrived when she gently grabbed my hands and softly said “My name is Sarah, I am going to be adopting you”

After a few moments of her doing paperwork, She grabs my hand again and leads me outside, I feel almost as if I am escaping the orphanage. As the door opens I feel the warm sun beaming down at me, all of these cars looked so pretty. I have never seen so many cars before, sometimes we got to see cars go over the bridge close to the playground. Her car stood out however, it was a large, long, and black. She smiled and knelt down to make eye contact again “You’re going to love it here” she says with a smile and hugs me. As badly as I want to hug back, I can’t take my eyes off of my surroundings.

The doors of her car open automatically and I climb into the seat next to the one where grownups sit. I feel so tall sitting down in such a big car, everything around me is so pretty and new, before I can stop myself I begin to blurt out what I’m sure feels like a million questions to her as we begin to drive off, but I can’t help myself. All these giant buildings, what are they? Why do people walk down the street? How come we stop at the red signs? Sarah suddenly looks over at me and puts a grey strap across my lap and chest. I want to ask what it’s for, but I can tell she’s already getting tired of all the questions.

“M-ma’am? How long away is your home?” I try to ask as politely as I can.

“Oh, It’s quite a ways away sweetie, just take a nap.” She responds quickly. I can’t nap now though, I still have so many questions. “Maybe I’ll just rest my eyes for a little bit” I think to myself and lay my head down on the only thing I brought with me, a small pink teddy bear, her name is Lily! She’s my favorite toy ever. I’m not all too sure what happened after that. I didn’t mean to fall asleep, but when I opened my eyes, I feel like we have driven to another world, there is no more trees, no more people, just sand all around, and the sun is gone now too.

“Ma’am? A-are we on Mars?” I ask her. I don’t know what was so funny, but she giggled at me and said “No princess, we are going to my house” my insides felt all funny and warm when she called me princess, I really like it. Speaking of my insides feeling funny, my bladder is killing me, but I don’t know if I can just ask her to stop somewhere. “E-excuse me ma’am I-I was wonderi-” her voice abruptly cuts me off “I know you need to potty baby, you were squirming in your sleep, we’re not far from home” I nod, I don’t want to let her know how urgently I need to pee, so I guess I’ll just sit here for a little while till we get home. I love thinking about it. Home that is. For once I’ll have a place to call my own, I don’t care if it’s big or small. I just want a family, it’s all I’ve ever really wanted. I just want to have a mommy or daddy. Now I have a mommy, and soon I’ll have a home.

It felt like forever before I saw any sign of houses, but when I did, it was amazing. We passed houses a billion times bigger than my orphanage. All of the homes looked as if they were somewhere the president would live. As we drove on we reached an exceptionally steep hill. I felt myself fall back into the seat as the car struggled to get up, there was nothing I could see on the other side of the hill. Sarah says to me “Just up here is my home, I hope you love it” I smile at her and strain to see anything more than sand. I’m beginning to worry that her house doesn’t even really exist.

As we pass the crest of the hill, I feel my eyes widen and my jaw drop. Sarah’s home is the largest one I have ever seen, surrounded by a tall golden gate. Her front doors were a million times taller than me, the house itself is at least 4 stories and a beautiful pearl white color. I can see a giant pool and a slide connected to it, along with a playground that is far larger than any other playground I’ve ever seen. I rub my eyes to make sure I’m not dreaming. “So do you like it?” She says to me as we pull into the garage. “Y-y-yes ma’am” I respond, scared to say anything and risk losing the privilege of living here. Her garage is full of all kinds of cars. Some look more expensive than my whole orphanage. Although my astonishment is cut of quickly by my aching bladder. I press my legs together tightly and look over at Sarah. It seems she knew without ever even glancing at me.

“Go in, it’s the second door on the right” she says to me. I bolt out of the car and swing open the house door. The overwhelming scent of vanilla comes to me as I take a step in. Everything in this house is spotlessly clean, and the sheer size of the interior makes me dizzy. I take off my shoes and hurry to find the door. The white carpet below my feet makes me feel as if I’m walking on a cloud. Upon finding the door I swing it open and make sure to quickly close and lock it. The white tile flooring chills the bottom of my feet, making me shiver. The bathroom’s size fills me with a sense of wanderlust, I want to explore every inch of the house.

When I hear the lock click I can’t help but fall to my knees and hold myself. I hadn’t held my pee this long in a while and could feel a few dribbles escape into my panties. I take a deep breath and run to the toilet, pulling off my pants and panties quickly, peeing hard as soon as I sit down. When I finish I wipe, flush, and inspect my pants for any sign of my accident. They were dry, but I can’t say the same for my underwear. I hate it when this happens. I’m a big girl! I shouldn’t be having accident. Even if they’re small ones.

I walk out of the bathroom and Sarah greets me with a smile “Let’s explore shall we?” she says as she takes me by the hand, leading my up a wooden staircase. Seeing the house from high up really put everything into scale for me. As we turn she walks me into a long hallway with one pink door at the end, and nothing else. “That’s your room” she says to me and points “Go see how you like it” I can’t help but walk slowly, my tummy has butterflies and I am more nervous than ever now. As I open the pink door, I feel like a little kid because I can’t hold back the tears. They are not bad tears, they are the kind that happen when something makes you really happy.

The carpet is a light pink shade, the walls are baby pink with white trim and the bed layout matches. It is the largest bed I’ve ever seen before. I could fit five of me on it. It only gets better though. There was a dollhouse two times taller than me against the wall with a small stepstool to help me see the higher parts, along with an assortment of dolls I have only ever dreamed about. I manage to croak out the word “M-m-mine?” between cries. Sarah looks at me smiling and nods, hugging me tightly. I am going to love this place.

I’ve been living with Ms. Sarah for 2 weeks now. She is the best mommy ever. I am still too scared to call her mommy yet, I don’t know if she’ll like it or not. She took me to this big place with stores called a mall and gave me this money that is kinda like my ten dollars, but with another zero. I got so many new clothes! It’s early in the morning and my body is used to getting up at this time so I walk downstairs to see if mommy is awake. When I peek around the corner I can see her in the kitchen making pancakes. I love pancakes. I sit down on a stool at the bar she has “Oh! Good morning sweetie” she says to me. I think I scared her a little and can’t help but giggle “Good morning mommy” I respond back to her, hoping that she won’t mind me saying it.

She smiles big at me when she hears the word and turns to speak to me “So you’ve been here for a long time now, and I think it’s about time we go over some rules okay? I am not trying to be mean at all, but I just think it’s a good time to talk about them” I feel a knot in my throat, I have to keep myself from crying. What did I do wrong? I hate being a bad girl! I’m a good girl. I just nod and feel my heart sink. Mommy says “Sweetie I can see you’re upset right now so I’ll start by saying you’re not in any trouble” This immediately makes me perk back up. I swear mommy can read my mind sometimes. “So from now on you have to follow these rules or you can end up getting in a lot of trouble, and you don’t want to be in trouble because mommy can be a real meanie if she has to be okay?” She says, waiting for my response. “Yes ma’am” I say. Her posture straightens up and her eyes fix on me, I think she knows I can’t look away from her when she’s staring at me. Her eyes enchant me.

“First off, absolutely no R rated movies for any reason, No candy after dinner, No inviting friends over without my permission, No begging, screaming, yelling, whining, or just being annoying, do NOT backtalk me when I ask you to do something. Second off, No potty after dinner or before breakfast. Water is not cheap out here and I have to get you used to holding it for a little while.” As she finishes I feel myself move a little back, I never knew mommy could be like this, but her rules are reasonable so I nod very fast “I won’t be a problem I pwomise!” I say and cover my mouth. When I get nervous I sometimes talk like I’m a little kid again and it always really embarrasses me. Mommy didn’t seem to mind, she almost seemed to like it. She looks at me smiling and nods. “Good girl” she says and gets back to making breakfast.

“Uhm.. mommy? Can we maybe start those rules tomorrow?” I ask hesitantly. I don’t want to tell her, but my bladder is really quite full. “Whatever it is, no. I’m sorry but if I let you get away with it once, you’ll get away with it again” she respond firmly. I take a deep breath and begin eating after she places a plate in front of me, but not even halfway through the meal I have to stop. “M-m-mommy! Please, I’m gonna have an accident” I whine. I am wearing grey pajama shorts with new pink panties she bought me, along with a pink shirt. She turns to me, the look in her eyes intimidates me greatly “I said no. And if you are going to wet yourself I will put you in pullups.” She says both sweetly and firmly. “Yes ma’am” I respond and sit down at the table. She lays a massive plate of pancakes in front of me, I can feel my tummy growl with anticipation, but it is quickly overwhelmed by the pressure from my bladder.

“T-thank you mommy” I say hastily and begin slowly eating. She smiles at me and continues to make her own plate and sit across from me. After almost 10 minutes I have only eaten a couple bites, I can’t stand it anymore. “Mommy I’m so sorry! I just can’t hold it anymore!!” I get up and grab my crotch tightly, the cotton fabric of my panties pushing against my privates makes it a little easier to hold in my pee. Mommy stands up and look at me “Sit back down and finish eating, or go to the bathroom and you’re getting punished.” My mind races and I can’t help but cry a little. Should I get in trouble? Mommy will think I’m a bad girl if I do! If I don’t go right now though, I’m gonna pee my pants like I’m a little baby. I look up to her and begin to answer “I-I don’t..” I am cut short by my desperation.

My eyes widen and fill with tears as I feel my panties begin to get warm “N-no!!” I yell as the pee runs down both my legs as they’re pressed together, I can feel the warmness seeping through my fingers and puddle down below my feet. I have never felt this embarrassed before in my whole life. Before I can even begin to say something to mommy I feel a hard sharp pain on my butt. She spanked me! It’s not my fault I couldn’t hold it. “You are in trouble Tessa!” she says with a much louder voice than normal. “I-i-i- sowwy!!” I mumble between sobs. The fabric of my cotton pink panties absorbed a lot of the pee, which makes me feel even more like a baby because I can feel the wetness all the way to my butt. Mommy lifts me up, wet pants and all, and takes me to the bathroom. My face is hot and my eyes sting from the tears. She begins to strip off all of my clothes and points to the shower without saying a word. She’s gonna kill me when I get out, but I guess I deserve it.

*003*2017-08-18 03:24

Ohh it's not, work is just killing me :P

I'll get on it soon!

*006*2017-09-03 04:23

I promise as soon as I get a few days off I'll do it! <3

