Two girls, one accident

Author: tumbin

*000*2017-04-11 08:40

Hey guys, I'm back with a new fictional story. So it is about two girls from college who always tease one another to wet themselves. It's basically like a competition to see who can hold it the longest. From being desperate in class to holding on long trips, you will surely enjoy these desperation stories. Hope you guys enjoy and comment for any more ideas in the future, follow for more content like this and enjoy.

"Shit, I woke up late again. It's 8:20, classes start in 10 minutes." Amy woke after hearing her alarm clock. She went to the kitchen to prepare coffee and get donuts from her fridge. She went to the bathroom to have a quick shower, forgetting to use the toilet before leaving. Knowing she will be late if she does pee now, she dresses in her maroon shirt and white jacket and her signature red skirt and sneakers. She takes her mug with coffee and a few donuts and rushes to get to school on time.

She left her dorm and with 5 minutes left before class starts. She wishes she could just go to afternoon classes but her course only have classes in the morning. Along the way, she met up with her best friend Samantha. "Hey Amy! Let me guess, you woke up late again din't you?" Samantha was wearing a light blue long sleeve shirt and skinny jeans with a pair of Nike. "Yup, stupid alarm went off at 8:20 not 7:20. I'm getting a new clock after classes." Amy replied to Samantha while sipping from her coffee and finishing her donut.

Luckily she din't arrive late today. She took a seat beside her friend. As the lecture was starting, Amy had finished drinking her coffee and started taking notes for her upcoming exam. Half an hour through the lecture, she felt a twinge in her bladder. She had to use the restroom, but she knows that she won't be able to because her professor doesn't let anyone leave because the lessons are so hard to understand. So she knows she has to wait about an hour and a half until she could use the restroom. "How hard can holding pee in bee?" Amy asked to herself confidently while taking notes.

Another half hour later she was starting to get worried that she might not be able to make it. But if she asks her professor if she can use the restroom, not only will she be told she can't because there is to much at stake for her grades but her classmates would start to tease her and make it even worse. She tried to distract herself but she has to focus on their lesson. Unfortunately their lesson was about climate, specifically rainy weather. They were discussing on how much water is detected by a rain gauge in every cyclone by its wind speed, movement and stuff like that. This made her even desperate and started fidgeting under her desk. Luckily the bottom of the desks were blocked and Samantha was listening to her headphones, as usual.

30 minutes was left until the class ended, Amy got desperate and desperate to relieve herself. Until Samantha noticed her fidgetting underneath her desk. "You alright Amy? You seem to be fidgeting and crossing your legs a lot." Samantha asked. Amy blushed a little but she denied her question. "Yes I'm just fine. Now be quiet, I need to pee... I mean finish my notes." Amy cursed herself silently but Samantha now knows her predicament. She always teases her every time she needed to use the restroom. "Ah, on I'll stay quiet. But whatever you do, don't think of water falls or rivers or running water or open faucets or rain." Samantha keep teasing her. Amy closed her ears so she won't have to listen to Samantha's verbal torture.

About 15 minutes left, Samantha started tickling Amy, but she made sure she wouldn't be noticed by their professor or they will both get in trouble. "How do you like this Amy? Now you know how it is to hold it all in that pee." Samantha continues to tickle Amy. She tickled her belly, her elbows, and her chest. "NO! PLEASE STOP IT!" Amy din't want to yell or she will get the attention of her classmates and her professor. Samantha stopped tickling her, and Amy felt her pink panties get soiled a bit. She leaked and marked a size of a golf ball. She crossed her legs until classes end and she did. Amy packed up her things and headed straight to her dorm.

Amy had to walk 10 minutes to reach her dorm. She had to run to school to get there on time. Before she was about to cross the street, somebody called her. "Hey Amy! It's me. Samantha said you wanna join us today. Let's go together." It was Toby, her lifelong crush since third grade. She remembered Samantha telling her they were going to the new Starbucks in their campus today and asked her if she wants to join them. Amy had two choices, back out from hanging out with her crush and head to her dorm so she could relieve herself or join them and hold back all that pee she was holding since last night. Of course she joined her crush and went to Starbucks, putting her need at risk.

Amy walked behind everyone, so she could stop and hold it if she feels it was going to burst. She must have stopped about 3 or 4 times. But Samantha caught her and called her out. "Hey Amy you okay back there?" Everyone turned around to check on her. "Yes I'm just fine. Nothing to see here. I just got a bit dizzy." Amy cursed Samantha in her mind and uncrossed her legs. "Here, walk with me. I'll make sure you'll be fine." Toby replied to Amy and walked beside her. Because of this Amy couldn't cross her legs or Toby would catch her crossing her legs.

They arrived at Starbucks and all of them ordered a drink. Everyone waited for their drinks to be ready. And being a new Starbucks at their campus, there are lots of people at this new place. So they have to wait a long time until their drinks are ready. Amy however wasn't doing very well. She was fighting from peeing herself in front of a lot of people and Toby. She can't imagine wetting herself at her age and in public. Their drinks were ready 30 minutes later. Amy was crossing her legs as she drank her frappe. As soon she finished her drink, she excused herself and headed to her dorm.

Along the way, a stream escaped from her panties. Her legs got moist from the stream of pee, leaving behind a small puddle of pee. She got desperate and desperate and feeling she was going to wet herself. Thinking she was not going to make it, she heads to the park and searches for a bush where she could relieve herself there. She searched for a bush with lots of privacy and no one will be able to spot her. While searching, she leaked again and a stream came down her legs. Her panties are now wet and a pee stain a size of a tennis ball.

@@She found a bush that is far from the path where she could pee herself. She hid behind it and put her wet panties down. As the pee was about to come out, she heard a voice. She saw Toby coming to her. She quickly pulled up her panties and stopped the flow with every muscle she can. "Amy you okay there?" Toby asked her in front of the bush, looking worried. "Yeah, I'm fine. My shoelaces were untied." She replied while holding back her pee with all her might. "Well why were you behind that bush?" He asked her and Amy taught of making a excuse or tell him the truth. "Uh my money flew of behind this bush. So I grabbed it." She bent down and took a money from one of her skirt's small pockets and showed it to him. "Oh OK. You had me worried there. Anyways you left these keys back at the café." He replied and gave it to Amy. "Thanks. These were the keys to my dorm. I would have been locked out if it wasn't for you. Thanks a lot." She thanked him while stopping another stream escape. "Okay. See you around."

@@She waited for him to leave but she was to late. Her bladder gave up. The damn had finally burst. A puddle of pee quickly formed underneath her. Her panties got dampened and her red skirt got darkened. She fell to the ground and started sobbing. "What have I done? Peeing myself at this age. What is wrong with me?" Before she could be seen by anyone else, she made a dash to a public washroom to clean herself up. She waited until no one is around so she could get to her dorm quickly. She arrived at her dorm without anyone seeing her or her wet bottom. Just as she was about to enter her dorm, Samantha caught her. "Well, well, well. What do we have here? A college student wet herself. How ashame." Samantha said teasing her and taking a photo of Amy and her wet bottom "Stop it ok. You and I are even." She said begging to samantha to stop taking pictures. "No way! I'm keeping these as blackmail. Now smile for the picture!" Amy went inside before Samantha can take anymore pictures. "I'll come back one day and you will be sorry!" Amy said to herself while cursing Samantha.

TO BE CONTINUED...

*001*2017-04-11 08:47

Error in uploading. Sorry

*003*2017-04-16 14:51

Hey guys! I'm back to upload story two of this series. So thank you for checking out my content from the past few months and I will post another wetting experience post this weekend. So thank you guys for the support and I hope you enjoy.

"What the? Where on earth am I? What happened last night? Why am I tied up?" Samantha kept asking herself as she finally woke up, with her hands tied up to a pole. The last thing she remembered was being with Toby at last night's party. She remembered that they were talking alone inside his bedroom. That was the only thing she remembered from last night's events. She was wearing her white skinny jeans and a yellow shirt. She also had a small purse which contains her phone, wallet, and i.d. to school(which is missing).Then she noticed a camera on a stand in front of her, in the shadows.

"Hey, who's filming me? Let me go right now or I'll call the police!" Samantha yells but no one replies except her echo. She waited for an hour for somebody but no luck. As of that moment she just realised something. She really had to pee since last night. She finally remembered something. While she and Toby where talking, he kept getting closer to her. Until he kissed her in the lips. At that moment she had to pee. She was about to get up but he suddenly kissed her, which made her stay. "Toby? Did you do this? Well if you did its not funny. So can you please untie me? I really have to pee." Samantha yelled out but like before no one answered.

She was already crossing her legs and fidgetting. But without her hands, she was having a hard time trying to hold herself. And she knew that whoever tied her up knows that she had to pee. So it had to be someone from last night's party. As she thinks who could be the mastermind of this, a strong wave of desperation hits her. She immediately crosses her legs and hopes she wouldn't pee herself. She then thinks that Emma could be the mastermind of all this, who was Toby's ex-girlfriend. She knew that Emma saw them when they went upstairs and got jeleous of her for taking Toby from him. "Emma? Are you behind all of this? Look I did nothing with Toby and we din't have a relationship with each other. We're just friends. So please let me go. I'm gonna Lee myself if I don't get out of this soon."

Jut like earlier, no one else replied. At that moment, another wave hits her. This time, the trouble began. A stream of pee escaped from her bladder and made a patch on her jeans with the size of a marble. Barely visible unless if you take a closer look. She then crosses her legs again to make sure no more escape from her bladder. Samantha starts to blush, realizing that whoever owns the camera will see her wet herself. If she would rate her desperation level, with 10 as the highest and 1 as the lowest, she would rate 9. If she doesn't get out of this trouble soon, she will pee her pants and in front of a camera.

She tries to untie herself by pulling her hands free. But whoever tied her up made a quadruple knot to make sure she doesn't escape. She remembers Amy at the party last night. Who offers her a drink and dared her to drink 10 cups of beer. She knew she must be behind all of this mess. It must be payback for what happened to her during their Starbucks "incident." "Amy, are you the one behind all of this? Look I'm sorry for what happened that day and I didn't mean to upload the pictures. I was drunk when I posted them and I wasn't thinking straight. So please let me go. I really need to go so badly." Just as expected, no one answers.

"Please anyone help me untie this. I'm going to pee myself at any second. Oh shit!" Amy yelled as another wave hit her and a stream escaped her bladder. A bigger patch formed with the size of a golf ball. Visible from the back a bit but bare seen from the front. She fidgets and crosses her legs, forcing to make sure that was the last time she will leak herself. She tries again to get the rope but she wasn't strong enough to free herself. At that moment, a man in a blue hoodey, black pants, blue sneakers and a mask entered the room, on the phone with someone. "Yeah she's still her since last night. What do I do with her? You can't leave her here forever. Someone will look for her. What? Let her go when she pees herself? What the heck is wrong with you? You're disgusting, you know that? Fine, I'll wait here until she pees herself so I can get my pay."

Samantha is terrified if the man in front of her. He's about 6ft. 5 and has black hair. He adjusts the camera at her position so it will catch all if her movements. "Hey you! Who do you work for? Is it Amy? Look I'll pay you the amount you want just let me out of here! Please I really have to pee." Amy yells at the man who was adjusting the camera."Look, if you think Amy was behind all if this shit, you're dumber than I thought you'd be. And this isn't personal, just business. Finally, I work for someone in your class but I ain't telling nothing. So shut up!" The man threatens Samantha to stay quiet, as she keeps on crossing her legs repeatedly. At that moment another wave hit her again. She felt she was going to burst but her legs made sure that the dam would stay closed. But not forever.

"Hey can you turn the camera off or turn it around? I think I might pee myself right now." Samantha asked him. "Nope. That's why we have a camera here, to catch every move you make. So shut up or I'll make your desperation worse." He replied and made sure she would stay quiet. "Please, I really need to go. Can you just untie me and lead me to a bathroom so I can relieve myself and we could leave?" She asked again, which made him more furious. "That's it! If you won't stay quiet, then I'll make you pee yourself." After yelling at her, he started to tickle her. Especially the her belly parts like stomach, hips, and her bladder. "NO........PLEASE STOP I....I...I'M GONNA....PEE....PEE....SHIT!" Samantha yelled begging the man to stop.

The man then puts out some tape and puts it on her mouth to stop her from talking."There. Now you'll stay quiet. Ahh look at that. You need yourself. Not enough thought. Just let it all out now so we can leave. If you don't, that's fine I'll do it myself!" The man continued to tickle her even more. Her patch on her jeans is now a size of two baseballs. He kept tickling her until she let it all out. She tries to make him stop but he is just to strong. She seems to have started to pee again. This time more pee came out. This is it, it's the end for her. All the pee she has been holding since last night finally burst. A lake made of pee formed underneath her. Her pants became even more darker. He checked if the camera caught all of it, which it did. Next thing he made her smell something that made her faint(no it's not poop or fart). A alcohol that made her sleep. Next thing she knew when she woke up, she was at the door at her dorm. She went inside and got changed.

"Riiiiiiiiiing!" The man's phone went as he answered it. "Boss, it's been done. I made her do it myself. Yes I got the video here. I'll send it to you myself. She doesnt know where she was tied up. Yes, she was asleep when I took her to her dorm. I'll send the video to you personally. See you there Denise."

To be continued....

*004*2017-05-20 00:42

What's up everybody? I'm back with chapter three of this fictional story. I'm sorry that I haven't been posting anything in a while was because I was sick. Plus my internet connection was only fixed yesterday. So I'm planning to make chapter four tomorrow. Anyway, the scenario in this one is a flashback when Denise and Samantha where still in Twelveth grade. We will learn what made Denise hold a grudge on Amy and Samantha for so long. I hope you guys enjoy this one and comment below what scenario you guys want to see next.

@@"RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!" The school bell at Lincoln National High school rang as the last day of school has ended. And to end the school year officially, Mike was hosting a party at his parent's mansion. Almost everyone in seventh grade was there. And the party was going to last all night because Mike's parents are out of town so they can party for two days even if they wanted to. All the students are clearing out their lockers and leaving school and are getting ready to go to Mike's party. "So Amy, who's gonna be your date tonight huh? Or are you going to go solo like some loser." Samantha asked Amy as they were walking down the hallway for the last time. "No, I'm not going solo again. I asked Toby earlier and he said sure. What about you Sammy, you going alone tonight?" Amy asked Samantha as they were leaving the school and walking home, which is around two blocks from there. "No, I have a date tonight. I'm going with Pete. He's gonna pick me up in his new mustang."

As they were chatting, they spotted Denise running towards them. "Guys, wait up! You could have at least waited for me until you could leave." Denise said while catching her breathe. "Its not our fault you move so slowly. That's why your always late." Amy complains while fidgeting her legs a bit. None of them knows but she hasn't used the restroom since lunch which was four hours ago. Denise needed to go too. But she hasn't used it since this morning. "So Denise, your going with your boyfriend tonight?" Samantha asked while starting to feel the need to go. "Yeah. Mike invited me before he could even invite anyone else. Anyways, I need to get home now. The party is in an hour and I need to get ready. See you two later." Denise parted ways with the two and started walking to her house.

@@Denise took a shower and got changed but she hasn't been able to use the toilet because she was in such a rush. She wore her new clothes she got the other day. She wore a white skater skirt with a light blue blouse and pink cotton panties with a small ribbon in the front. She wore blue sneakers and white socks reaching to her knees. A few minutes later, Mike picked her up at her house in his corvette. When they arrived at Mike's mansion, more people started showing up. She had already drank three cups as she walks around in search of a bathroom. But the two she have entered was occupied. She spotted Samantha leaving a room. She was wearing Light Blue Skinny Jeans and a silver shirt and cyan sneakers. Samantha challenged Denise to a game of beer pong by the pool. Samantha was good at this from the start. She already got five out of fifteen while Denise had only landed two on Samantha. Denise started to feel more desperate to pee but she doesn't want anybody to know. Especially Samantha which she would broadcast her need to everybody.

@@It was tied with only one cup each. As Denise took the shot, it missed the cup by an inch. When Samantha shot her ball,it went right to the cup. Forcing Denise to drink it. That made have to go really bad. She excused herself to look for Mike when she really needed to look for a vacant restroom. The first one she entered there was vomit in the toilet. The other one there was someone in the tub drinking alcohol. Denise was really getting desperate now. When she saw Amy enter the room Samantha was in earlier. She followed her in there and she was suddenly tackled. She tried to scream but she was ballgaged. Next thing she knew she was already tied up, really desperate to pee, and a video camera in front of her. Across the room she saw Amy Tied up and ballgaged too. Seeing how she was fidgeting made Denise think she needed to go too. There was a camera in front of her also but she was blindfolded. She was wearing a black mini skirt and a red blouse and high heels. Denise was then blindfolded by someone.

Denise focuses on not wetting herself but the noise of running water was making it worse. She then hears Amy crying. Then she also heard like someone was peeing. She then realized that Amy had already pissed herself She felt sorry for Amy but made her more uncomfortable, making it even harder to hold her pee.. Someone entered the room and saw Amy but din't see her because she was in a corner of the room. She heard that person freeing Amy and removing her ballgag. She realized that it could be either Samantha or Toby. After Amy finished crying they soon leave the room, leaving her behind.

She hears someone else enter the room. She has high hopes that it could be Mike. But when the blindfold was removed, she saw Samantha. "Aww look at that. Does little Denise need to use the little girls room? Does the sound of water make you peeeeeeee? Are those beers you drank earlier making you feel to release? Are you going to wet yourself?" Samantha keeps talking in a babyish tone. That made Denise really need to go. She then felt a stream of pee escape her bladder. This triggered her the try to cross her legs but she can't. Samantha then starts to tickle her, making Denise pee a little more. She has a wet spot with a size of a tennis ball. Samantha then makes sure that camera is positioned to capture her every move. "Smile to the camera baby girl!", Samantha said to her while fixing the camera angle. She then starts to take pictures of Denise fidgeting.

Samantha starts to tickle her again in hopes that she might wet herself this time. She then makes sure that all the faucets in the restroom inside are running. This made Denise need to go even more. This is it. She was at her absolute limit. Thinking what could happen if she pissed herself. At her age, she could be humiliated, just like Amy. If Amy gets to be humiliated, at least she won't be alone. Denise started to pee herself, crying and sobbing two. She just pissed herself at a party for twelveth graders. Plus there was a camera capturing everything. "Look at this guys. Little Denise just peed her little skirt and panties what a little kid. Samantha then threw a pocket knife beside Denise. And she said that she should untie herself. When Denise got untied herself and removed her ballgag, she then looks at the damage done. The entire back of her skirt is soaked and her socks are wet.

Before she could leave the room, she heard outside that Amy really din't pee herself and was just faking it so Denise thinks she has someone to be embarrassed with. But he truth is she is alone, wet and embarrassed. She locked the door and climbed down the window, which wasn't really high. She escaped and left the party to avoid the embarrassment she would have to face. She got in a cab and went home. When she was at her house, free from the embarrassment, she locked herself in her room and started crying. She later realizes that Samantha posted the video online, with everyone to see. She later receives a voice mail from Mike. "Denise, what have they done to you? What did they do. I promise iI will do anything to get back at them. I want to help you get past this. Please call me back." At that moment, Denise moved to a different school in a different state. Planning her move against Amy and Samantha.

To Be Continued....

