Daisy Can't Hold It Like A Princess

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-07-11 05:53

Daisy Can't Hold It Like A Princess

"Daisy, you're not nearly as princesslike as me," said Princess Peach one day.

"So?" said Princess Daisy.

"Your general tomboyishness, I can accept, but I'd like you to at least try to do one thing in a princesslike fashion."

"And what's that?"

"Try to hold it like a princess."

"Hold what?"

"When you have to use the bathroom."

"Oh."

"So here's what we're going to do. We're both going to drink a lot of soda. As soon as I feel an urge to use the bathroom, I'll start watching you intently, while demonstrating how to hold like a princess. After this point, try to sit still for at least ten minutes. If you do, I'll let you use the bathroom."

"I guess I'll go for it," said Daisy.

So, they met up in a room in Peach's Castle. Peach wore her usual pink dress, Daisy wore her sports outfit consisting of a yellow tank top and short, tight orange shorts.

"Sit in that chair and try to sit still," said Peach. Daisy sat in the chair she indicated while Peach sat in another chair. They each had three big bottles of soda next to their chairs.

"On three, we drink," said Peach. "One... two... three." Both princesses picked up the bottles of soda and drank them. Peach drank them gracefully, Daisy drank them as fast as she could, belching loudly afterwards. Peach rolled her eyes at this unprincesslike behavior.

So, they sat for quite a while, telling stories to pass the time.

Within the hour, Daisy felt an intense urge to pee, and started to fidget in her chair.

"I am feeling a need to go," said Peach. "There is no doubt that you are as well. Watch as I sit still, and try to do the same for at least ten minutes."

Daisy crossed her legs and fidgeted a bit, while Peach sat still. If she moved, it was only slightly moving her head.

After a few minutes, Daisy uncrossed her legs and tried to sit still. But this put more focus onto how much she needed to pee. So, after about three minutes, she started fidgeting again.

"You couldn't sit still for seven more minutes?" Peach asked.

"I can't help it!" said Daisy. "I have to go pee!"

"You will get your relief if you sit still for ten minutes."

Daisy fidgeted some more, then she tried to sit still, but after another four minutes, she started squirming again. Her need to pee grew more and more urgent. After some more fidgeting, she tried to sit still again, but only lasted two minutes before she started fidgeting again. She groaned from the effort of holding it in. After about 15 minutes of fidgeting, she tried to sit still again, sweating slightly, but she felt the pressure in her bladder so much that she started fidgeting again within a minute.

"Oh dear," said Peach.

"Yeah, I don't think I can sit still for that long when I have to pee this badly!" said Daisy. "I'm out of here." She tried to stand up, but somehow, she couldn't. It was as if she was glued to the chair. "What's going on? Why can't I get up?"

Peach raised a parasol. "This chair is connected to this magic parasol. When I have this parasol, whoever sits in the chair cannot get up from it until I release them. And I won't let you get up until you sit still for long enough."

Daisy moaned and tried not to fidget, but couldn't keep from fidgeting slightly at least.

After another hour, she really needed to go. "Peach, can I PLEASE go to the bathroom?" she said, fidgeting hard.

"Not until you sit still long enough," said Peach.

Daisy moaned in extreme discomfort as she squirmed in her seat. A part of her wondered how Peach was able to sit so still. She drank as much as her. Was it really this easy for more ladylike princesses to hide any signs of desperation? She felt that if she stopped moving, she could lose control. But mostly her mind was focused on trying to hold it and keep from wetting her shorts.

Another hour went by. Daisy was in desperate need of a bathroom. She was squirming harder than ever in her seat, even tried to get up a few times despite Peach's spell on her chair. She'd given up trying to ask Peach to let her use the bathroom, for she knew it would be no use. While Peach was still sitting still, looking quite calm. 'Don't tell me ladylike princesses don't pee,' thought Daisy. She brushed off the thought. Peach had told her to "hold it like a princess", and she'd seen her calmly and politely excuse herself to use the bathroom before.

Daisy wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it. She figured her only chance was to sit still. So she crossed her legs and stopped fidgeting. Her face turned red from the effort of holding it, and she was sweating profusely. When she felt herself leak a little, she said "Screw it!" and resumed her fidgeting. She wasn't sure what she could do. She couldn't sit still. She hadn't mastered the art of holding it like a princess, she'd always fidget or pee dance when she had to go. But if she didn't sit still, Peach wouldn't let her use the bathroom.

As she tried to think of a way out of this situation, her bladder made the decision for her. Daisy could hold it no longer. She stopped fidgeting as she felt a warm wetness spread through her shorts, which were already damp with sweat. She whimpered and tried to hold back her stream, but it only got stronger. Princess Daisy was peeing her shorts. Her crotch and rear end became soaked as she flooded her chair, and yellow waterfalls of pee flowed down from her chair and formed a large puddle at her feet. As soon as she realized her shorts were beyond keeping dry, she stopped trying to hold it, letting her stream come out full force, getting the relief she so desperately needed.

"I guess you couldn't hold like a princess after all," said Peach.

Daisy blushed as she wet herself in front of Peach. Although, as embarrassing as this was, the warm wetness and the relief felt nice. She peed for over a minute before her bladder was finally empty. She sighed of immense relief, and then looked down. Her shorts were absolutely drenched, and there was a massive puddle underneath her chair.

"Feel better?" said Peach.

"Yes," Daisy admitted. "I just can't hold like a princess."

"I didn't think so, but I thought you could at least try."

"How in the world were you able to sit so still for that long? Long enough for me to lose it and have an accident! How are you still dry?"

"Actually..." Peach lifted her skirt, revealing a wet diaper underneath.

"Wait, what? When did that happen?"

"When I was at the point where I would normally stand up and use the bathroom. Of course, I wanted to see this through."

"Do you wear those all the time?"

"No, just when I'm in a situation where I feel I might not get or want a bathroom break for a while. It's not that often, but there have been a few times."

"Oh. Couldn't I have just worn one then?"

"And miss out on you wetting your sports outfit? I don't think so." Peach winked and giggled.

"This was the plan from the beginning, wasn't it?" said Daisy.

"I did want to see if you had it in you, but once it became clear you didn't, I thought this would be fun."

Daisy blushed lightly but chuckled. "It was kinda fun now that I think about it."

"And by the way," said Peach, "I might have left my panties on under my diaper."

Daisy giggled slightly. "So are you gonna let me get up now?"

"Hmmm..." A mischievous smile came across Peach's face. "I will let you get up and give you a bath... tomorrow!"

"Aw man!" said Daisy.

"Now, drink up!" said Peach. "We want you to stay hydrated." She picked up another big bottle of soda, and Daisy knew she was in for a very wet rest of the day.

