Skullgirls Omorashi

Author: ThatYellowSuit

*000*2023-04-03 03:10

I've been having some writers block with my Omori stories, so I thought mixing it up would be fun! I dont know who I'm going to do first though. If you've got any suggestions I'm welcome to hear them.

*002*2023-04-04 01:49

{{22 hours ago, nets said:

Maybe something with Ms. Fortune? Maybe she needs to put herself back together before she find a bathroom and either can't get her head on straight in time, or it's just enough delay to not make it.

}}

Ooo I like that idea.

*004*2023-04-12 17:38

Cat's Not Out Of The Bag

Ugh... What the hell happened last night..?

Ms. Fortune wakes up in a dark place, a weirdly dark place. Thankfully her feline eyes adjust rather quickly and reveal... she's in a burlap sack.

Well... At least when I escape I got a great pun.

She glances around the bag, only her head is in this one, whoever kidnapped her must have separated her body to make it harder to escape.

She feels out her separated hands, making them claw out of their bags to try and retrieve her head. Then... She realizes something.

Shit... This kitty needs a litterbox...

Her hands clamber over to the bag with her head in it, and open it up allowing her to get a better view of the room... And possibly a bathroom.

She appears to be in the standard kidnapping room, dingy walls, a folding chair, a shelf and several other items.

Not the kind of place for a cat... Don't these guys have any class?

Her hands attach themselves to her neck, allowing her to walk on her fingers until she finds the rest of her body.

There doesn't seem to be any other bags in this room, so she's going to have to find her way around like this for now.

No one better be messing with my torso...

She finds her way up to an air vent, and squeezes inside. Traveling through the ventilation system for a bit before hearing something.

"Yeah we got her."

She goes to the vent she heard it from, seeing a Medici Gang member talking on the phone below the duct.

"Yeah cat lady. We got her."

I have a name you know...

"No not her. Whaddya mean you don't know who I'm talking about? Cat bitch. the one who broke into our Casino? The one with the weird scars and shit? How do you not know her!?"

She drops out of the vent on top of the guy, using her hands to pull his neck backwards and crack his head on the ground.

"It's Ms. Fortune, and I think I had purrfect timing."

She laughs at her own pun, before feeling a tinge from her bladder.

Gotta find my torso...

She hangs up the phone, before continuing her mission to find the rest of her lost body.

She continues sneaking, hiding under furniture or behind plants to stay out of sight, she appears to be in the Medici's penthouse.

She finds a room labeled "Storage" she should be able to find some of her body there...

This cat needs a... Tinkle... jeez even thinking about it is embarrassing...

She shakes off the blush on her face, before entering the storage closet. She glances around, seeing several weapons, some fancy food and another couple bags.

She tears them open with her claws, finding the upper half of her torso and the rest of her right arm.

Well... That's an improvement.

She reattaches her body parts, now she has almost all of the upper half of her body. Just missing the rest of her left arm. Though she really needs to find her lower half.

Another member of the Medici Gang enter the storage room, going to grab some food, before he sees Ms. Fortune, he reaches for his gun.

"Cats don't like getting holes blown in- AGH!"

She punches him in the crotch, throwing her detached left hand to wrestle the gun away.

"Sorry, but I think I'm the cat in this cat and mouse."

She throws herself at him, wrapping her arm around his neck.

"Screw you!"

He attempts to pull her off of him, failing miserably, before...

"A-Ah..."

Ms. Fortune lets out a quiet moan, a bladder spasm hitting her missing lower half at the worst time, giving him enough advantage to grab her hair and pull him over his shoulder, causing them to both crash into a shelf, knocking him out cold.

She lands on the ground with a thud, panting slightly.

Oh I... Need to find my torso... Right now!

She scampers to her... Well... Lack of feet and starts crawling as fast as she can. She starts frantically searching room after room, getting in tussles with Medici members that she comes too close to losing.

"A-Ah... Gotta... Find it..."

She reaches the bosses office, finding he isn't there right now. She finds a sack that seems to have her lower half in it, she's about to tear it open before...

"Hey! there she is!"

A bunch of Medici guards throw open the door to the room, catching Nadia off guard. She doesn't have enough time to open the bag so she grabs it and...

Alright... here goes nothing!

She leaps out the big glass pane windows, the bag under her arm and the glass flying behind her. She notices a small wet patch on the bag, she has to find somewhere, quickly.

She extends her claws, digging into the wall of the building, using them to slow her fall. It takes quite a while to reach the bottom, and when she finally does she is absolutely bursting.

She starts panting... Dropping the bag and tearing into it, finding the rest of her body. She starts trying to reattach everything, but...

"A-Ah... ah... Ahhhhhhh!"

She digs into her crotch, right as her last limb gets attached, streaks start running down her legs, she just peed herself.

She looks down, clearly embarrassed, thankfully no one saw that...

"God dammit..."

She mutters, before slinking off into a nearby alley.

