Wynonna and Waverly's Desperate Bondage

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-02-18 20:04

I haven't seen this show in a while, and I haven't even gotten around to watching the second season, so excuse me if I might have messed a few things up but I hope you enjoy. If you're not familiar with the show, as I suspect not many of you are, you might still be able to enjoy this story. I think I remember most of the show is set in winter, while this story is summer. If there is something too inconsistent you can think of it as an alternate universe.

I'm still having major confidence issues but I'm hoping this can help. This is the first time I've written anything omo in almost a month, and I'm feeling as nervous about posting this as when I first submitted an omo story on fimfiction. That could be why I chose a more obscure show for this, because it probably won't get many views.

This story might be a little more violent than the ones I'm used to writing due to the scenario I chose, but nothing horrible.

Wynonna and Waverly's Desperate Bondage

Wynonna Earp and her sister Waverly were going for a walk down the sidewalks of Purgatory. It was a beautiful summer day with no sign of demons. Wynonna was wearing a cute pair of jeans, and Waverly was wearing short, tight jean shorts.

It was a hot day, so Wynonna and Waverly were sweating a little, and even after all the water they'd drank before their walk they were very thirsty. So, they stopped at the convenience store. They each bought an extra large slushie and a 1-litre bottle of soda, which they drank as they walked through the heat of the summer sun to the park. The cold drinks were so refreshing.

They sat on a bench in the park, finishing their sodas and enjoying the lovely weather.

Suddenly, a club hit Wynonna on the head and knocked her out. Waverly was startled and turned around before the club struck her in the head.

...

Wynonna woke up in a dark cellar, though there was enough light that everything was visible.

The first thing she realized was that her hands were tied behind her back, behind a pole, and her feet tied together. She was in a sitting position with her knees in the air.

The second thing she noticed was that Waverly was sitting in front of her, tied to another pole the same way as her, and her feet also tied together. She was still unconscious, but after just over a minute, she also woke up.

Waverly struggled against her bonds, as did Wynonna.

"Let us out of here!" said Waverly.

"Who are you?" said Wynonna, sure that their kidnapper could hear them. "What do you want?"

A demon walked into the room. They could tell he was a demon because his face looked rather groteqsue.

"I want to eat you," he said.

"So, untie us and try," said Wynonna.

"I need some time to decide how to eat you. I've got recipes for eating people, but I need something special for you, Wynonna Earp."

"If you want me specifically, can you at least let Waverly go?"

"So she can get help? No thanks. Besides, she's your sister. I'll be satisfied eating both of you." The demon walked up the stairs.

Wynonna and Waverly struggled against their ropes again, but the demon had tied them tight.

After only half an hour, Wynonna and Waverly felt something besides fear at being eaten by the demon. They had to go to the bathroom. Neither had used the bathroom since their morning pee, and they had drank an awful lot.

"I have to go pee," said Waverly.

"You should have gone before you left," said Wynonna. "And, I should have. I also have to pee."

They started squirming again, this time due to their need to pee rather than trying to get free of their ropes. In their current positions, they couldn't even hold themselves or cross their legs. At least their legs weren't tied spread apart.

"I hope the demon comes soon," said Wynonna. "As soon as he unties me, I'll beat him up and get you out of here."

"What if he eats us first?" said Waverly. She was usually optimistic and determined to fight alongside her sister, but now she was terrified. Maybe it was the demon's creepy face, or maybe it was that their situation didn't seem escapable. Or maybe it was her need to pee which was growing by the minute.

Wynonna wasn't feeling too confident herself, and continued to fidget where she sat, hoping she could at least hold it long enough to find a way to defeat the demon.

In the kitchen, the demon was looking through a recipe book, and having a hard time choosing between about twenty of his favorite recipes, involving a variety of spices and different ways of cooking them, dead or alive. So many decisions.

By the time he had decided and left the house, two hours had gone by since Wynonna and Waverly had woken up. By now Wynonna and Waverly really needed to go. They were fidgeting harder than ever.

"I need to pee so bad!" said Waverly.

"Me too," said Wynonna. "I REALLY have to go!"

"I don't think I'm gonna make it."

"Me neither... But if we can just hold it..."

All they had drank was still going through them and filling up their bladders by the second. With each minute, the pressure intensified, and Wynonna and Waverly fidgeted harder.

"If I'd only brought the Peacemaker..." Wynonna said, wishing with all her might she could at least cross her legs, for she was very uncomfortable.

"You wouldn't be able to reach it anyway," said Waverly, trying to not make Wynonna feel responsible but adding a bigger sense of hopelessness to her. Right now she was more afraid of wetting her shorts than the demon.

"If I can't find a way out of here soon I'm gonna wet my pants!" said Wynonna.

The demon was currently taking his time stealing the ingredients for his recipe without making a scene, which took another hour. By the time he returned, Wynonna and Waverly were more desperate than they had ever been in their lives, and fidgeting harder, feeling the waves of pee sloshing inside them.

"Mmmm... You look so tasty, trembling with fear!" said the demon.

"We're not scared," said Waverly. "We just need to pee real bad!"

"Can you let us use the bathroom?" said Wynonna, unable to hide her desperation and hoping she could also use the opportunity to catch the demon off guard and incapacitate him long enough to get the Peacemaker and use it on him, but for the moment worried about keeping her pants dry.

"You'll just have to hold it," said the demon.

"You won't want to eat us if we're soaked in pee."

"Piss will add even more flavor." The demon drooled at the thought.

Wynonna and Waverly were very disgusted at this.

"At least hold it until I get you into the cauldron. I'm boiling you alive. You'll taste better if all the piss is in the water I'm boiling you in."

Waverly leaked a little into her pink panties, and let out a whimper.

The demon walked over to a cauldron in the middle of the room big enough to put a few people in, positioned a hose in front of it, and turned it on.

As the hose began to fill the cauldron with water, the sound of running water made Waverly leak a little more, dampening her jean shorts. After about thirty seconds, Wynonna also leaked into her white panties.

"That's just mean," said Waverly. "You're doing that on purpose."

Wynonna and Waverly weren't the only ones leaking. The cauldron started to leak pretty badly.

"Son of a bitch!" said the demon. "My cauldron broke! I need another one!" He ran up the stairs, annoyed that he'd have to wait before eating Wynonna.

Wynonna and Waverly had been counting on fighting back as soon as the demon untied them to get them into the cauldron. Now their daring escape would have to be delayed, and they'd have to hold it for longer.

Not only that, but the water the demon had already put in the cauldron was still leaking out, and the sound of trickling water increased Wynonna and Waverly's need to pee. Waverly was leaking every ten seconds now, and Wynonna was leaking a little every minute.

"I really don't think I can hold it," said Waverly three minutes after the demon had left.

Wynonna just fidgeted more, too embarrassed to reveal that she had leaked already and her jeans were a little damp.

Over the next six minutes, Waverly was dribbling, and Wynonna was having a harder time holding it in, her leaks becoming slightly longer.

Waverly whimpered. "I can't... it's coming out... I..."

*Psssssssssssss*

Wynonna could hear the sound emanating from Waverly as she soaked her already-damp jean shorts in front of her. A big puddle started to form under her butt, which expanded rapidly as Waverly continued to wet herself.

"Ahhhhh," she sighed in relief. She couldn't help it. As humiliating as this was, she enjoyed the relief after holding it for so long.

Wynonna felt very uncomfortable at Waverly's sigh of relief and the sound of her peeing, not to mention the smell that had now entered the room. It made her own need to pee greater, and she leaked for five seconds, wetting her jeans a little more.

Waverly peed herself for just under two minutes. Her shorts were drenched, dry only at the sides, and there wasn't a dry spot left on her underwear. She was a little embarrassed, but relieved to not have to hold it in anymore.

"It's all right, Waves," said Wynonna, trying her best to comfort her sister. "You held it as long as you could, and-" She leaked again for five more seconds and fidgeted harder. "I'm barely able to hold on myself..."

"Just let it all out," said Waverly. "You're probably not gonna make it, and it feels pretty good."

"I can't..." Another jolt in her bladder. "I can't hold it..." The crotch of her pants was already wet and she felt like she was about to burst.

She was able to hold it for another twenty minutes, leaking every once and a while, until finally, she was unable to stop her last leak, and began peeing full force. Wynonna moaned with embarrassment and relief as she soaked her jeans, still sitting with her knees up, and a big puddle grew where she sat. She could not believe she was wetting herself at age 28. Then again, Waverly had wet herself at 23 and hadn't held it as long as her.

"Just let it out, Wynonna," said Waverly. "You'll feel better once it's done."

Wynonna hung her head as she continued to pee uncontrollably, but she couldn't deny the relief felt amazing. She almost liked the warm wetness soaking her crotch and butt. A part of her could see why Waverly had seemed to like it as well.

She was still peeing when the demon came in carrying his new cauldron.

"Aw crap," said the demon as he saw Wynonna wetting her pants in front of him. "You couldn't have held it just a little longer?" He saw the puddle Waverly was sitting in as well. "Oh well. There's still plenty of piss on you."

As the demon set up his cauldron, Wynonna finished peeing. She hadn't kept count, but she peed for just over two minutes, and felt immensely relieved. Her underwear was completely soaked, as was the crotch and butt of her jeans.

Once the demon's cauldron was set up in place of his broken one, he filled it with water. Sitting in their wet jeans and shorts, Wynonna and Waverly knew beyond all doubt that if they'd made it to this point, they wouldn't have made it any further.

Once the cauldron's water was boiling, the demon untied Wynonna's hands, inhaling deeply. Wynonna knew he was smelling the pee on her.

"Now, be a good girl and slide forward a bit so I can tie your hands behind your back again. And don't even think about standing up or trying to untie your feet."

Wynonna slid forward a bit in the puddle she had made on the floor. The demon stepped between the pole and Wynonna and reached for her arms, but she moved her head backward, hitting him and causing him to fall backward and hit his head on the pole. He collapsed in Wynonna's puddle, dazed, as Wynonna quickly untied her feet.

She had just untied Waverly's hands when Doc Holliday walked in, carrying the Peacemaker.

"The demon tried to be sneaky, but I saw him hauling the cauldron here," said Doc. "I couldn't find you, so I figured he must have you, and I picked up the Peacemaker and came here." He saw how wet Wynonna and Waverly were. "Did you wet your pants?"

Wynonna blushed at her boyfriend seeing her like this.

"Don't worry about it. If anything it makes you even sexier."

She relaxed knowing he didn't think any less of her for her accident.

Doc threw the Peacemaker to Wynonna, and she walked over to the demon, who was slowly recovering.

"This is for making me and Wave wet ourselves, you bastard!" Wynonna shot the demon in the head.

"Another day won," said Waverly. "I don't know about you, but I'm gonna go home and change. I wet myself really bad." She giggled a bit, as though she found it more enjoyable than humiliating.

Wynonna felt more embarrassed about peeing herself, but she didn't mind as much after Doc's reaction.

Waverly walked home in her wet shorts, and as soon as she reached the bathroom, she sat in the shower and peed again. In the time it had taken Wynonna to wet herself, and for her to get home, the rest of the pee had gone through her. As Waverly turned the shower on without undressing first, she suspected she had discovered a new fetish.

Wynonna, meanwhile, sat on the park bench with Doc, still in her wet pants, but she didn't care, and neither did Doc.

*002*2018-02-18 20:30

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent Love all of your stories =)

}}

Thanks. I can always count on you to

