Objection! I need a wee!

Author: The Shark

*000*2013-02-19 16:29

Objection! I need a wee!

As I press iron my tight suit jacket and my formal skirt I took another sip of coffee from my mug. It is monday morning and I have to represent James Marslo in a rape and murder trial at 12. He had being charged for statutory rape and murder of a 15 year old girl. It was obvious he was guilty there was DNA Evidence! But of course I would have to play the “Hes insane!” card. I sigh as I finish ironing my skirt and walk into the bathroom. I look in the mirror and try to straighten my long brunette hair. I start to style my eyelashes when I notice how nice my blue eyes look this morning. My contacts always seem to bring the blue right out above the grey. I walk over to my dresser and take out my blue lace panties and bra.

As I start to put them on I get a call on my iphone. “Kate!” Yells my boss. “Yes Mr. Marsh?” I ask curious on what's wrong. “The trial has been moved to 11! You need to get over there now!”. Its 10 right now. Snap! I don't even say goodbye before I hang up. Quickly I run around grabbing my jacket and skirt and briskly put them on. I also grab my mug of coffee and chug it down not wanting to waste it. Then I race to my Mercedes CRX and start my 30 minute drive to the courthouse.

On the way there I feel a twinge in my bladder. “Crap!” I say to myself. I didn't use the bathroom before I left. “I'll just go at the courthouse” I think to myself. But this thought starts to diminish as I end up stuck in a traffic jam. “Dammit! Common move!” I yell to myself.

Right when I get to the Courthouse its 10:45. Only 15 minutes to prepare. And at that moment my bladder reminds me by making me bend over and grab myself in the middle of the parking lot. I add pee to the list of things I MUST do. As I rush into the Courthouse I find a line for the bathroom. A case has just got out and it must have been super long. The women in line were practically bursting! I decide I'll need to wait until my case is over until I can pee. The thought of this makes me cringe, but deep down I feel something. A thought of naughtiness. I wave the feeling off. But I make a mental note about this for later. Finally I walk into the Courtroom were Jason Marslo is already sitting.

“Goo- good morning Miss Kate” He says Nervously. “Good morning to you to Mr. Marslo.” I'm not even paying attention to what I'm laying on the table. I'm concentrating on clenching my thighs so I don't pee myself. For the last 5 minutes of prep time I sit with both hands pressing down on my skirt. When the judge enters I stand and regret it instantly. I spurt in my panties! I clench hard and stem the stream. “I don't think i can hold it for this entire thing! Gah!” I think to myself. We sit and the trial begins.

My desperation continues to build. Fortunately the prosecution starts the trial. About half way through the trial I have to put one hand under my skirt to hold myself so I don't pee! “Thank god the table has a front on it!” I think to myself. Finally I present my case. I make it as short as I can.

“Judge Conrey. My client is mentally ill! He has no ide-” I grunt slightly feeling a spurt of pee leak its way out. “Miss Conway. continue” And I do. “He had no idea what he was doing!” I spurt again now feeling a wet patch on my panties. “Do you have proof of this Miss Conway?”

“Indeed I do!” I hand the judge the records. He examines them. “These are legit Miss Conway. I will take this into consideration”

“Thank you Judge Conrey” I say and rush to my seat. I immediately grab myself forcefully with both hands. “All rise!” Crap! I don't know if i can do this... I stand and feel a spurt again this time running out of my panties! I look down and see a drop running down my leg. “Oh no... now not just a bit longer please!” I say to myself. “I find the defendant guilty of all charges! He is to serve life in prison! Case dismissed”

I rush hastily to get my things and book out not even saying good luck to my client. I need to pee right now!!! While I walk pee starts to come out of my pee hole. “No!” I gasp and grab myself forcefully in plain view of everyone. I flush scarlet and run to the bathroom. There was no line but when I entered all the stalls were out of order. I gasp and feel another crack in the dam starting to form. I hastily run out of the bathroom and start to run out of the courthouse when it breaks.

Standing right at the doorway pee starts bursting violently from my hole soaking my skirt and flooding my panties. It gets into my shoes and starts to form a puddle the floor. I pee for about a minute and then sink to the floor and start to cry. First I fail to defend a client and now I make a fool of myself in front of all these lawyers and civilians.

I faint. And when I awake i'm in a hospital with my boyfriend on one side of my and my boss on the other side. And I feel a wetness under me. Oh no! not again!

Alright thanks for reading guys! I hope you enjoyed my first fan fiction. Please leave your thoughts below! And also tell me if i should continue this series. Not sure if I can but i can try :D

Thanks again

~JZ

