Sunset Shimmer's Desperation

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-09-29 01:41

I wrote this on fimfiction.net last night, and now I'm putting it here for one person who's interested to read something with her, because it's rare. Rarer than Rarity. Of course I know most of the people here aren't interested in MLP-related omo.

Sunset Shimmer's Desperation

Sunset Shimmer lay in bed. Her alarm went off, but she turned it off and went back to sleep. She was tired because she had stayed up late last night watching Daring Do movies with Rainbow Dash. She had drank a few cups of coffee to stay awake through the last one past midnight, and several glasses of water because it was the middle of summer and was very hot.

She woke up to the sound of her doorbell. She quickly sat up in bed with a start. She was so tired this morning that she had forgotten - she was going on a trip with her friends! She and Rainbow Dash had only meant to watch one movie, but Rainbow had gotten carried away and insisted on watching more.

Sunset ran downstairs and opened the front door. Twilight Sparkle, Applejack, Rainbow Dash, Rarity, Fluttershy, and Pinkie Pie stood outside.

"Are you ready to go, Sunset?" said Twilight.

"Just let me have breakfast first," said Sunset.

"She slept in later than you," Applejack said to Rainbow Dash.

Sunset ate some cereal for breakfast and drank an entire pot of coffee, along with a glass of water because of the summer heat. Then she changed into a white and pink T-shirt and a pair of short, tight jean shorts, one of her summer outfits. She rushed outside, not wanting to keep her friends waiting, and they got into a van, with Applejack driving. Rainbow Dash sat in the front seat, with Pinkie Pie, Rarity, and Fluttershy in the middle, and Sunset and Twilight in the back.

As they hit the road, Rainbow Dash fell asleep. She had stayed up pretty late too, and must have gotten up earlier than her.

They were just leaving the city when Sunset realized she needed to pee. She had drank a lot last night, and had still been so tired she went straight to sleep without using the bathroom first. She also was in such a rush this morning that she hadn't taken her morning pee. So, she needed to pee pretty badly.

"Can we stop at a gas station?" said Sunset.

"Ah made sure the van was full last night," said Applejack.

"No, I... I have to go to the bathroom." She blushed a little.

"Oh. Next gas station on the road, sugarcube."

Sunset tried hard not to fidget, to hide her desperation. The other girls knew she needed to pee but she didn't want them to know how bad. She was sure she could hold it until the next gas station.

However, they did not run into a gas station for another half hour. As the drive went on, Sunset's need to pee became greater. She fidgeted a little, with her legs close together but not crossed yet. Twilight looked a little nervous about Sunset wetting herself right beside her.

After an uncomfortable half hour, they reached a gas station, and Applejack pulled into the parking lot.

Sunset ran out of the van and into the gas station. She rushed into the bathroom and locked the door behind her. But the toilet had an entire roll of toilet paper stuffed into it. Knowing that flushing the toilet would just cause it to overflow, Sunset ran back outside and into the van.

"Feeling better?" said Fluttershy.

"Yes," Sunset lied. She didn't want them to know she still needed to pee, and would hold it until they reached their first destination.

The roadtrip continued, and Sunset became more uncomfortable. She was wishing she had just peed in the toilet back at the gas station. She wouldn't be able to flush, so her pee would still be visible in there, but now it was looking preferable to wetting herself.

Fifteen minutes later, Sunset was fidgeting slightly.

Twilight noticed this. "Sunset, are you all right?"

"I'm fine."

"You don't... still have to go, do you?"

"No, I'm... I'm just really excited for the fun we're gonna have."

"You look a little more anxious to me."

"Well... the drive is boring. I can't wait to get there."

Over the next twenty minutes, Sunset became more desperate, and fidgeted a little more. Then, they arrived at the city. Sunset felt better knowing there would be a bathroom she could use somewhere.

Their first order of business was to go to the mall, which was bigger than the mall at their city.

"We'll meet back up here at 11:00," said Applejack as they entered the door.

It was about 10:00 now. Sunset had been holding it for about an hour. She ran to the nearest bathroom, but all the stalls were full, and there were more people waiting. After ten minutes of holding herself, Sunset realized that she wasn't using any of these toilets anytime soon, so she ran outside and looked for another bathroom.

As she ran, she bumped into another girl and fell on her butt. She almost lost it there, but managed to hold it in. After apologizing to the other girl and rubbing her sore butt, she got back up and ran to the bathroom, but all the stalls in here were full as well, and more girls were waiting. Some of which looked as desperate as her, and one of which let out a loud fart, suggesting that she needed to take a dump.

Sunset held herself and fidgeted more waiting for her turn, but once again the girls in each stall took forever. After twenty minutes, she gave up and ran outside.

She needed to pee really badly now, and ran as fast as she could in search of a third bathroom.

After about ten minutes of searching, she found one. But, it was in exactly the same state as the other two. They had to have chosen one of the busiest days. Sunset decided to wait this one out.

After fifteen minutes, there were two girls left before her. But, Sunset looked at her watch and realized that it would be time to meet up with the other girls soon. There was no way she'd be able to pee here. So, reluctantly, she exited the bathroom and ran back to the entrance.

She tried not to look desperate as she walked up to the other girls. As they got back into the van, they each described the places they had gone. Sunset barely paid attention to any of it, because she really needed to go.

"What did you do, Sunset?" said Rarity.

"Nothing much," said Sunset, trying hard not to fidget.

Their next destination was a restaurant for lunch. Sunset waited until they ordered their food.

"I... I drank an entire coffee pot this morning, and I really need to pee." She ran toward the bathroom.

To her dismay, it had an "out of order" sign on it. Sunset moaned in frustration and went back to her seat.

She tried to hide her desperation from her friends. She just hoped the food would come quickly so they could get to their next destination, and then she could find a bathroom there.

As they waited for their food, the pressure in Sunset's bladder grew heavier. She really needed to pee, and she was sure the coffee she had drank this morning had gone through her by now. She fidgeted a little harder, and crossed her legs under the table. Twilight, Applejack, and Rainbow Dash noticed, but didn't say anything.

After half an hour of fidgeting, their food arrived. Sunset wolfed her food down as fast as she could. But, Applejack and Pinkie Pie had gotten bigger meals. Pinkie ate hers rather quickly, but Applejack took longer than anyone else to finish, and Sunset crossed her legs tighter waiting for her to finish.

Finally, at 12:00 PM, Applejack was done, and paid the bill. They returned to the van and drove to their next destination, a football game.

"Are you all right, Sunset?" said Twilight as they were moving again.

"Sure," said Sunset, who couldn't keep herself from fidgeting.

"Do you need the bathroom?"

"No." She blushed.

Pinkie Pie looked behind her at Sunset. "You really look like you do."

"All right," Sunset admitted. "The restaurant's bathroom was out of order. And so was the gas station bathroom. I've been holding it for three hours."

"Come to think of it, I need to pee too," said Rainbow Dash.

"Just hold it till we get to the football game," said Applejack.

Once they reached the football stadium and took their seats, Sunset and Rainbow made a dash for the bathroom. To their dismay, they saw a big lineup for it. They waited as long as they could, but after ten minutes the lineup barely moved.

"I'm missing too much of the game," said Rainbow Dash, and she ran back towards the arena.

Sunset held herself and fidgeted more waiting for the lineup to move. Ten minutes later, there were many girls standing behind her. If she left now, she'd have to wait longer. She was determined to wait this one out no matter what. It might be her only chance of keeping her shorts dry.

After what felt like hours, during which Sunset's need to pee became greater and she fidgeted harder, the girl in front of Sunset entered the bathroom. Sunset was close to finally finding relief. She almost felt more relaxed, even though she still needed to pee really badly.

Eventually, the girl came out, and said "The toilet's broken."

Sunset couldn't believe it. She would not believe it. She ran into the bathroom to make sure. The pipe at the back of the toilet was leaking, and the bowl was empty. Sunset tried the flush handle. It wouldn't work. She groaned and ran back to the seats.

"Did you make it?" said Twilight.

"The toilet broke right when it was my turn, and I still really need to pee!" said Sunset.

She fidgeted and crossed her legs tight for the entire game. Rainbow was fidgeting too, but after about ten minutes, she stopped and let out a sigh of relief. Sunset, who was sitting right beside her, could hear a soft hissing sound coming from her, and she looked as her skintight black shorts and dark pink miniskirt became wetter.

"Rainbow Dash, are you..." said Twilight.

"I can't enjoy the game if I need to pee too badly," said Rainbow. She was blushing lightly but otherwise didn't seem to mind.

The sight of Rainbow peeing herself made Sunset more uncomfortable. She could feel her bladder throbbing, the pressure growing every minute. She was more desperate than she had ever been in her life. She did not think she could hold it this long, and she didn't know how much longer she could hold it for.

At 1:30, the football game was done. As the girls made their way to the van, Applejack walked up to a staff member.

"Get someone to fix the toilet in the girl's bathroom. And, clean up Seat 129. Rainbow Dash peed all over it."

Rainbow Dash blushed but chuckled a bit.

The girls got back in the van and drove to their final destination. Applejack put a towel on the front seat for Rainbow to sit on.

They arrived at the last destination, the fair. By now Sunset was even more desperate than before, and didn't even bother trying to hide it.

As soon as they entered the fair, Sunset spotted a bathroom and ran towards it.

"Oooh, I shouldn't have eaten so much," said Pinkie Pie, and she ran into the bathroom and locked the door.

"Pinkie!" said Sunset, frantically doing the pee dance. "I really need to go!"

About five minutes later, Pinkie exited the bathroom. "Sorry Sunset. I clogged the toilet."

Sunset moaned.

The other girls went on rides and through the funhouse, but Sunset didn't, as she was sure she'd wet herself if she did. She searched for another bathroom, but there didn't seem to be one. She tried to find a place where she could pee without anyone noticing. She eventually found a secluded spot behind the ice cream stand.

She pulled her shorts down and squatted down. But at the last second, she realized her red panties were still up, so she pulled them down as well.

She was about to start peeing, when a young couple suddenly came into view. Sunset quickly pulled her shorts back up, frustrated that relief had once again been snatched away from her.

She frantically searched for another spot where she could relieve herself, but she couldn't find anywhere.

The rest of the girls walked up to her at about 3:00.

"We've all had our fun, so ah think it's time to go home," said Applejack. "Ah hope next time can be more fun for you."

They got back into the van and drove toward a gas station. As Applejack refilled on gas, Sunset ran into the gas station and over to the bathroom. She was so desperate she'd definitely pee if she found it clogged.

Unfortunately, the bathroom door had an "Out of order" sign on it. Sunset groaned in frustration and got back into the van. None of the other girls had to ask whether Sunset had found relief. Her fidgeting, holding herself, and crossing her legs made it obvious.

Once Applejack was done, they drove back. The trip would take about an hour. Sunset knew she'd have to hold it until then. But she didn't know if she could.

Minutes passed, and Sunset was squirming in her seat, crossing her legs tighter than ever. She could feel the pee sloshing around inside her as she fidgeted. "How much longer? I REALLY need to go!"

"We'll stop at the gas station on the way," said Applejack.

After a VERY uncomfortable 35 minutes, they reached the gas station they had stopped at on the way here. Sunset rushed into the bathroom, with both hands on her crotch. But, the bathroom was occupied. Sunset frantically did the pee dance and banged on the door, but no one came out. After ten minutes, Sunset ran back into the van.

"Again?" said Applejack.

Sunset nodded, fidgeting harder than before.

As they hit the road again, the other girls - except Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie - realized they needed to pee too, though not nearly as bad as Sunset.

"I don't know how much longer I can hold it," said Sunset.

It was 4:00 when they ran into a traffic jam.

"Oh come on, not now!" said Sunset. She squirmed harder, and felt herself leak a little into her underwear. She wasn't going to be able to hold it much longer.

Fluttershy, Applejack, Rarity, and Twilight needed to pee too, but they weren't desperate yet, and knew if Sunset had held it this long, they'd be able to hold it until they got back.

They stayed still for 10 minutes. 20. 30. Sunset felt her need to pee increase with each minute, and occasionally leaked a bit more, dampening the front of her jean shorts.

After 40 minutes, they got back on the road. Sunset was fidgeting harder than ever, trembling with the effort of holding in her pee, and sweating quite a bit. She was about to burst.

At about 5:00, they finally reached the city.

"We're almost there!" said Fluttershy.

"I can't... hold on... any longer..."

They were not in the city for long when the dam burst. Sunset felt her shorts go from damp to wet, and a loud hissing noise could be heard. Within seconds, her butt became soaked, and a puddle started to form where she sat. The puddle reached Twilight's butt, wetting the back of her purple shorts. Twilight whimpered a little, but didn't say anything.

Sunset blushed beet red as she kept peeing, getting her shorts and the seat of the van even wetter. This was the most embarrassing moment of her life. She was wetting herself in front of all her friends. Although, she had to admit to herself, the relief did feel wonderful. She might have enjoyed this if not for the humiliation.

She peed for two minutes, and when she was done, she sat there and hung her head in shame. Her shorts and underwear were drenched, and smelled of pee.

"Hey, you're hardly the first one today," said Rainbow Dash.

"Or the last." Twilight blushed as she had just started peeing five seconds after Sunset had stopped.

"Same thing happened to me once," said Applejack.

"We still love you," said Fluttershy.

"At least you tried to hold it," said Rarity. Rainbow Dash chuckled.

Sunset felt a little better as they reached her house.

"I'm sorry I peed all over your seat, Applejack," said Sunset, blushing lightly again.

"No big whoop, sugarcube," said Applejack. "Ah can clean it. This wasn't the first time."

Rarity and Pinkie Pie blushed.

Sunset walked into her house, took a long shower, and changed into one of her other summer outfits. She was feeling much better once the shower was over. Once she got by the embarrassment, the warm release had felt really good.

As for Applejack, Rarity, and Fluttershy, they all made it to the bathroom, though Applejack wet her jean shorts while sitting on the toilet.

Next week, they took another trip to the same city, which was much more fun for Sunset, and when she did need to use the bathroom, she was able to find one.

The End

If anything seems too unrealistic, don't take it seriously. Sometimes I have to stretch to get my fantasies to work (and I like them to feel better about it at the end).

*002*2017-09-29 02:01

Knew you'd be the first to reply and knew you'd like it

*005*2017-09-29 03:26

{{1 hour ago, Bellatrix1 said:

Lol I became so predictable XD

}}

More like, you're the only one on here - or rather one of the only two now - who likes my MLP stories. My first and one of my few fans here

*007*2017-09-29 03:31

{{1 hour ago, FreedomAndChaos said:

I touch unrealistic, like you said, but enjoyable nonetheless :)

}}

I wrote this after I was requested to write a similar one where she makes it. This particular requestor always asks for them to have a lot to drink and hold it for the entire day (like 9-12 hours), which I'm sure even I couldn't do. If I drank that much and held it I'd probably lose control within four or five hours. Of course, the desperation makes me anticipate a wetting so much, but since I had to end it with her not wetting herself, after I was done I wrote this one where she does, to satisfy my fetish.

And, thanks for enjoying it :)

*008*2017-09-29 03:34

Lol the only two people who read my MLP stories have Harry Potter avatars


