Tales of wet Horror 2: Chapter 3

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-08-22 22:12

Tales of Wet Horror 2: Chapter 3

Beware those who you have done harm.

I lay on the bed, staring up at the ceiling, waiting for something to happened. What had I done to this guy to make him do this? It must've been something pretty bad. I begin to scour my mind, looking for something that could've mad someone this angry. Nothing comes up. I haven't done anything that bad that someone would want to kill me. Only a few humiliation’s over the years that's all. Nothing too bad.

I look over to Shelley and see her squirming. This could be a moment of weakness. I could use this to my advantage and have some fun. I sit up and slide down to her, Putting my arm around her.

“Just hold on” I bring her in closer. “You've gotta” She gives me a strained look and I can tell she won't make it. I lean in and kiss her directly on the lips. She's not kissing back at first but she soon give in and begins kissing back. I move my hand up to her face and I feel her loosen up. Good, she's totally mi-

I feel wetness on my ass. Oh god...she isn't. I break the kiss off and look down to her crotch. I quickly put my fingers down there...damn it. She's peeing and it's spreading across to me. I only got around 30 seconds before she lost it. Just perfect. Fuck it. I press my fingers into her crotch and begin to massage. She moans a little as I continue to-

What the fu? I wake up facing the floor. I make it to my feet steadily and look to the bed. All that's left is a wet patch. Oh god. My head. He must've whacked me while I was busy with Shelley. I stand and I feel really dizzy. Oh god. That was a hell of a hit. I feel the diuretic is taking effect. Oh my god I need to piss so badly. I stumble out the door and start making my way back to the front door. I'm the last one standing. I've won. He's gotta let me out. I reach the front door and pull it. NOTHING. What is this?

“What are you trying to do?” That voice bursts over the speaker.

“I won! I'm last one standing! Let me out!” I wail.

“That's not how this works. You all lose and I win.”

“That's bullshit! Look. I'm sorry for what I did. I've been regretting it for years. Not a day goes by where I don't feel remorse for my actions. I really wish I could go back in time and undo what I've done but I can't. I really can't. So please. Don't be like us. Be a good person and let me leave. Please!”

“Nahh.”

The speaker shuts off and I'm left to silence. I just sit down and let it go. There's no point in fighting it. I've lost already and I may as well let it come to me. The urine pours out of my panties and into my pants. Spreading along my thighs and dripping onto the ground. It pools at my feet and surrounds my shoes. If I wasn't so scared, I'd probably be enjoying this. I simply lay back in the chair and go to sleep....

Epilogue

It's all dark. My eyes are open but it's still dark. What is going on? I can tell I'm not in the house any more because it's fucking freezing. Oh god it stinks of mud and dirt. It's horrible. I have never been so uncomfortable in my life. I feel like I'm lying on wood. I swear I've got splinters in my ass....holy shit I'm naked. He didn't even bother to wash me either. I can smell the piss on my legs. I get an itch on my face and reach up....my hand just hit something. Why is the roof so low? I spread my arms and legs and they connect with some wood. Oh god. No. No.

I'm buried alive.

I apologise. This wasn't as good as the first one. Fucking sequaltius.

Remember. For every comment, there's a girl out there wetting herself.

