Humid sky

Author: TheEevee

*000*2021-11-21 02:40

(Hiya everyone! This is my first fanfiction on this site and my first OMO story ever! I hope you enjoy it, im aiming to write a bunch of these!)

- Humid Sky -

High in the sky......

An Altaria floats in the wind, as it blows her towards an Alolan island

The Altaria was simply named Nimbus. She was named after the cloud type that her mother loved; Nimbus clouds. . Nimbus loved to travel, albeit a bit too much though, she would always fly to a new place and stay for a bit, trying all the things she could try in that new location.

She didn't have much of a family anymore after she was kicked out by her father and forced to leave her Home in Sinnoh and start traveling; She didn't mind traveling all the time, but it sure as hell got tiring after a long day of flying.

"Hello!" Nimbus called to a Pelipper who cawed back in response to the greeting. Journeys over the ocean often took days so Nimbus and all other flying Pokemon would often use Wind currents to hoist themselves over long distances. It was a bit like catching a train, really.

Nimbus didnt have a job neither, she didnt need one anyway. Being an Altaria meant that she naturally had a spectacular voice that she would often use to busk for any cash or items that she needed. It was a lonely lifestyle, but one she was well accustomed to. Nimbus didnt win many friends neither, due to her busking habit. It gets money often, yes, but it annoys others to death as well.

Midway through her flight to Alola, her choice to skip a bathroom break back at Hoenn begun to backfire; she had to pee. Nimbus considered ditching to a random island in the sea, but not all of them had bathrooms. Plus, she didnt want to just go in the sky; all the other birds would see, and she could be sure that the Wailord that lived below wouldn't like that. "I guess I could hold out until i reach an island, its only 10 more miles to the south"

30 minutes later; About 12 miles from the nearest island town, Nimbus cant take it anymore as she dives towards a beach on the coastline, landing on a cliffside.

Now she was really in trouble, this was a tourist beach and Pokemon were everywhere around her. She had to squeeze her legs together to stop herself from leaking....

"Hey, You!"

Nimbus froze. A Buzzwole was walking up to where she perched and he didn't look happy. His shirt had a symbol of a Charizard with a life ring, which was strange. Nimbus was no scientist, but she was fairly sure that fire types didn't swim very well.

"Y-yes?". She begun to speak, but the Buzzwole cut her off.

"Go away, will you! We don't like your kind around here, your here to make some money off that voice of yours, aren't you?" he growled, placing emphasis on his point by cracking his knuckles.

Normally, Nimbus would have tried to busk anywhere else, but this time, she had something more important on her mind than busking; She had to find a bathroom, and fast.

"No!"

"Please, I swear!"

"I'm not trying to busk, just leave me alone!"

A loud thwack was heard as the Buzzwole punched Nimbus in the wing, Luckily it was made of cotton, so all it did was scare her off.

Nimbus flew for another mile before falling out of the sky...Literally. Her cotton wings stopped her from getting too bruised, but now she had a cut on her leg.

The urge to pee passed over Nimbus again and she had to grab her crotch and hold it to not let any out. A small trickle ran into her wing as the cotton absorbed it...

"Fuck.....what do i do?" She whimpered.......

*001*2021-11-26 14:21

Nimbus sat there in the middle of a rocky mountain path, with a cut leg, a sore wing, and worst of all, a bladder that was about to go pop.

As she held her bladder, Nimbus held back tears. Why didn't she just relieve herself back in Hoenn?

Nimbus eventually got up. She couldn't stay there any longer or she would wet herself. She was a big Altaria now and that would be unacceptable....

"Hey, you alright there?" a concerned voice asked. "You're blocking the path"

Nimbus was snapped out of her thoughts as a female Eevee had noticed her. Great, the last thing that she had wanted; attention. "Im fine thanks" the Altaria snapped back, but quickly dumped her attitude when she had to press her wings on her pussy to stop herself from leaking.

"You don't look okay to me, so tell me, whats wrong? the Eevee pestered again.

Nimbus stretched her wings and took off, amidst the little pokemon's cries and her own bladder. She needed to get away from there before she leaked any more.

"Aaahhhhh" Nimbus moaned and then squealed as she let a small squirt of her fluid loose from her bladder. It hit a Chandelure dead on, but Nimbus couldn't care less anymore. She needed relief.

Nimbus landed on a tree, dense enough to be able to hide, but thin enough to be able to see in the thick scrub of leaves. A hissing sound was heard as she began to empty her swollen bladder now large enough to rub against the branch. She squealed in relief and pleasure as it rubbed against the branch.

And then she was shaking, in fact the entire tree was shaking as a team of 5 Durant gnawed at the tree while laughing at the Altaria who was begging to be left alone.

A crack was heard and suddenly the tree tilted, with nimbus falling, still weeing in midair.

*002*2021-11-29 09:33

When Nimbus woke, she was next to an Eevee; in fact, the same Eevee that was talking to before. A large puddle of what looked like water but was actually urine, was on the path, and Nimbus's cotton wings were drenched in her own wee.

"Hey! Look at me!!!" Nimbus snapped out of her daze when the little Eevee half screamed at her, causing Nimbus to wet herself a little more in fear. The Eevee was small, but she didn't look harmless at all. She was kind of sassy as well.

"y-y-es?" Nimbus sniffed, Afraid of what that Eevee may do. Nimbus was a lover, not a fighter. The Eevee pouted and began to speak.

"Why didn't you listen to me earlier when i was trying to help you!!" The little Brown fluff ball tried to be vicious, but only ended up squeaking at a frequency higher than a Raticate. Nimbus wet herself in fright, a small stream spurting out and landing on the path she was on, on its way to join the liquids already located there.

"Why would i anyway?? I got scared, like anyone would if they saw a screaming Eevee who looked ready to-"

"Ahh, so you were scared of me? Guess my act payed off then" The small Eevee grinned

But instead of the laughter that the Eevee got from most other pokemon in this situation, Nimbus suddenly had small teardrops rolling down her face.

"Easy for you to say! You're not the one who got kicked out of her nest early and has to busk in the street for cash! Are you!?" It was like a frenzy as Nimbus emptied her feelings out onto the pavement to join her *accident*.

Nimbus hastily tried to prop herself up with her wings to use a perish song on the Eevee, but quickly fell down in pain as she looked at her matted cotton wing that the Buzzwole had Punched earlier, though she didnt know how long ago. All she could see was a greenish hue from the wound; the cotton starting to regrow. It was a very painful process that spanned over 7 days.

Nimbus gave a feeble tweet in pain as she kept trying to prop herself up, and suddenly she did it. She was about to use a Perish Song, but stopped when she saw that same Eevee breathing warm air onto her wings, drying them.

"Why are you helping me? Dont you want to make fun of me wetting myself how everyone else does?" Nimbus asked.

The Eevee responded after some time.

"Because you seem nice enough, and it looks like you have the same "kink" as me"

"Plus, you're hurt"

Nimbus Had her beak hanging wide open, to which the brown Pokemon closed it quickly. "Fair enough" Nimbus said "But whats your name?"

"Im Nimbus"

The Eevee blushed to a shade of an Espeon's skin and stuttered.

"M-my name is Vie"

((BONUS:

$$Made By the wonderful artist and my friend; Pachishock. She is the one who inspired me to come to this site to write these; check her out!!

%https://www.omorashi.org/profile/159683-pachishock/

PACHI'S PROFILE^^^

