Tickling Princess Daisy (Biker Suit)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2024-07-18 19:14

Time for a tickle wetting (or several) with my favorite princess. This time I'll use her biker suit, I like that every bit as much as her shorts, which I've used in all my other stories so far. Combines tickling and bondage.

Tickling Princess Daisy

"Hey Peach, how about a Mario Kart race?" said Daisy. "The winner gets to tickle the loser for as long as she wants, however she wants."

"That sounds fun," said Peach. "You're on."

So, wearing their skintight biker suits, they raced. In the end, Peach crossed the finish line first.

"Oh man!" said Daisy as she crossed second. She had been looking forward to tickling Peach.

...

"Is this really necessary?" Daisy asked as Peach tied her to a chair, with her arms tied above her to make her armpits vulnerable, and her legs outstretched with her feet locked in place. She was still wearing her biker suit, but was barefoot.

"You said I could tickle you however I want if I won," said Peach. "This way you'll be completely helpless while I tickle you."

Daisy gulped. She had no idea Peach was into this kind of tickling.

Once Daisy was in position, Peach started tickling her sides. Daisy tried to hold back her laughter, but she was extremely ticklish, so in less than 10 seconds she was already laughing uncontrollably. Peach tickled harder and harder.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! THAT TICKLES! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

"That is the general idea," said Peach. She then started tickling Daisy's armpits. Daisy started laughing harder. Her armpits were one of her two most ticklish spots.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH! NOT HAHAHA THERE! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

Peach tickled Daisy's armpits for about half an hour, even as they became soaked with sweat, and then moved to her feet.

Daisy was just catching her breath, but was nervous seeing Peach next to her feet. Her feet were just as ticklish as her armpits, and her armpits were ticklish enough even with her biker suit on. Her feet were completely vulnerable, with no boots or socks on. "Please, not my feet! They're super ticklish!"

"Good," said Peach. And she started tickling Daisy's feet.

Daisy laughed harder than before. She tried to kick her feet but they were locked firmly in place, so she had to stay immobile as she was tickled relentlessly, tears streaming down her face.

After another half hour, Peach let Daisy catch her breath, and then brought out some feathers and tickled Daisy's feet some more. Daisy was even more sensitive to feathers than fingers and laughed harder.

"HAHAHAHAHAHA! STAHAHAHAHAP! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! I'M GONNA PEE! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

"We wouldn't want that, would we?" said Peach, and she stopped tickling Daisy. For a moment, Daisy thought Peach was going to end the tickle session and untie her so she could go to the bathroom. But then, Peach resumed the tickling right away, tickling with the feathers as hard as she could.

Daisy laughed harder, and in only a few minutes, she wet her biker suit. She kept laughing as the crotch and butt of her suit became soaked and pee poured off of the seat, forming a puddle below. Peach giggled at the sight of this, and did not stop tickling until another half hour after Daisy finished peeing.

Daisy caught her breath, and became fully aware of her accident. "I peed myself," she said, blushing lightly.

"I can see," said Peach. "Someone needs a change."

"Can I go change now?"

"Hmmmm... Nope." Peach started tickling Daisy's feet more.

"HAHAHAHAHAHA! NO MORE! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

After tickling her for another hour, Daisy was about to reach her limit, so Peach stopped, and fed her some mushrooms and a big soda. While Peach let Daisy recover, she ate her own supper and used the bathroom. After about half an hour had gone by, Peach tickled Daisy some more.

She would tickle her every hour or half hour, stop for 10 minutes or so, occasionally giving her something to drink, and then tickle her again. Daisy peed twice more before bedtime.

"Are you going to untie me now?" Daisy asked when she saw Peach in her pajamas.

"You can sleep here tonight," said Peach. "Tomorrow morning when I get up, I'll tickle you for another hour, and then I'll untie you. And give you a bath."

"You're leaving me here all night?"

"Mm-hmm."

"But what if I have to go to the bathroom?"

"You already went three times."

"Oh yeah." Daisy blushed lightly, but was only mildly embarrassed, it wasn't a huge deal for her.

"That reminds me, have a nice bedtime drink." Peach gave Daisy another big bottle of soda to drink, and then walked into her bedroom.

Daisy sat in this position for about an hour before falling asleep.

She woke up at 2 in the morning really needing to pee. No doubt this was what had woken her. Her biker suit was still damp, making it harder to hold it. In her position she could not cross her legs or hold herself. She fidgeted as best she could.

As her need to pee grew even more urgent, she remembered the fact that she had already peed herself three times already. So, what was a fourth time? Besides, it didn't seem like she had much of a choice. Even if she made it to morning, Peach would tickle her anyway, and there was no way she would hold it then. So, Daisy blasted a power pee in her suit, sighing of relief as the warm wetness soaked her crotch and her rear end, flooding her seat yet again. She blushed, knowing that she was deliberately wetting herself, but she couldn't deny that the warm release felt good. She peed for almost two minutes, and when she was done relieving herself in her suit, she sat in her wet biker suit. About 15 minutes later she fell back to sleep.

"Rise and shine!" said Peach the next morning.

Daisy woke up. "Good morning Peach."

"Did you pee?"

"Yes." Her suit was stained yellow at the crotch and upper legs, and still damp. And it stank, from being peed in four times and going nearly a day without being washed. And, she had to pee again, given all she had drank the previous night.

"Well, one more hour of tickling and you can take a bath," said Peach.

Daisy sighed. "Let's get this over with."

Peach tickled Daisy's armpits for 10 minutes, her feet with her fingers for 10 minutes, and feathers for the rest. Less than a minute into the feather tickling, Daisy peed again.

Finally, Daisy's last hour of tickling was over. Daisy caught her breath. She couldn't deny that a part of her had enjoyed all this. Peach untied Daisy, and carried the wet princess over her shoulder to the bathroom.

Peach filled the tub with warm and soapy water and then set Daisy in the tub in sitting position, still in her soiled biker suit. Daisy didn't mind. She got it wet all the time racing, and it really needed to be washed too. Peach washed Daisy all over, spending over five minutes washing her butt. Eventually, Daisy was sparkly clean.

"Was that fun?" Peach asked.

"Yes, but next time I win, I'll have my revenge!"

...

A few days later, Peach was sitting in Daisy's chair, her arms and feet locked in place, wearing her biker suit but barefoot.

"Everything you did to me, I'll do to you," said Daisy. "I might even lick your feet after the feathers."

Peach let out a little whimper. Her feet, as well as her armpits, were every bit as ticklish as Daisy's.

"First, have a soda," said Daisy, and she had Peach drink a large bottle of soda. "Now, let's start the tickling!" She slowly advanced on Peach, ready to start by tickling her sides.

"I knew I should have used the bathroom before the race..." said Peach. Not that it really mattered in the long run. She knew beyond all doubt she'd need a bath as badly as Daisy did when this was done tomorrow morning.

