Melissa's Desperate Breakfast Date

Author: Tina5422

*000*2020-03-23 22:02

Greetings all! I’m a longtime lurker on this site, specifically the Fiction and Fanfiction forum. Due to social distancing currently in full-effect in my country, I’ve decided to start sharing some stories on here. This is based on a true incident that happened to me that I’ve shared in Wetting Experiences. I am still sharing it here though because I’m hopeful it’ll still read well as a slightly exaggerated fiction, hopefully no one minds.

Melissa's Desperate Breakfast Date

Melissa was single at this point and had been for a while. Being a single woman in her late teens/early twenties and with dating apps as rampant as they are, she was naturally going on a lot of dates and she squeezed them in whenever she could. With around 1,000 tinder matches, working part-time, and going to school full-time, this left her with a very limited calendar. In hopes of being accommodating, one of her potential suitors offers to take out for breakfast at 7am after both discussed that she doesn’t have work until 9:30 that day. Being an early riser, Melissa agrees.

That Saturday eventually arrives and Melissa ecstatically wakes up. She set an alarm on her phone to ring at 6am. Her body being incredibly punctual woke itself up at 5:55am. She smiled and opened up Tinder. With as many matches as she had, she wanted to ensure that she remembered the right name before each date. “Alex” she reads to herself. She scrolls through their chat, briefly reminding herself of this particular gentleman. He was a journalism major, went to the same university as her, and has played saxophone for the last ten years. He has sandy brown hair and adorably chubby cheeks. He wears square glasses. Each photo features him in a buttoned up shirt. “Jeez does this guy never relax?” She thought to herself.

Melissa was a beautiful girl. She was 19 years old and a tad on the shorter side, standing around 5’3” (160cm). She sported dark curly hair that stopped just above her shoulders. Her smile was impeccable, as it should be after she having suffered braces for nearly two years during her adolescence. Her body was naturally curvy. Often she would step on the scale, seeing a weight higher than she’d like. She would immediately remind herself in these instances of her rather large breasts (they were a 36C after all) and her rather large “birthing” hips (as her mom often referred to them, must against Melissa's delight), and her rather round plump butt.

She’s been on the app for a couple of weeks now, rejoining shortly after her boyfriend of nearly a year broke up with her to drop out of college, move halfway across the state, and start breeding rabbits. She rolled her eyes at the thought. Her Tinder profile was well thought out. She made sure to include a couple photos featuring her friends in Japan, a picture from her volunteer work last spring break, a picture after she climbed a small portion of The Great Wall of China last year (she looked just sweaty enough to seem personable, yet, not enough for all her makeup to have disappeared), and lastly, a selfie of her turning back to face her butt in a full-body mirror. She kept it as a reward to those who bother swiping to the end of her profile. Her bio on the app was simple, “Don’t know why I’m on here but maybe you can help me find out?” It was just enough to be interesting yet not enough to reveal anything.

Melissa hopped out of bed and quickly chugged a glass of water she kept waiting by her bedside. She always did this after hearing somewhere about how dehydrated you become over night. She instinctively crosses her legs after she finishes the glass and hurries to her toilet. Thankfully she sleeps in the nude and is able to release immediately upon reaching the bathroom. She sighs after peeing for a few seconds. She wipes herself and proceeds to wash her hands. Melissa then takes a shower, washes her face, brushes her teeth, and gets dressed. It’s summer and warm weather is a rarity in the midwest so she opts for a pink crop top and ripped jeans. She wears sneakers, as per usual, and applies her typical full face of makeup. Her job requires a uniform but she merely folds that and places it into her large purse.

Before she knows it, it’s 7am and Alex is calling Melissa. “I’m outside” he announces and Melissa grabs her purse, locks the front door, and heads outside. Alex removes himself from the car in order to open the door for Melissa. He's sporting a mint button-up that compliments his green eyes perfectly. He paired the top with a pair of khaki shorts and white sneakers. Melissa smiled at the outfit, it was just formal enough that he looked put together, yet, casual enough that he was still approachable. She steps inside of Alex’s car and the two exchange pleasantries. Alex begins placing an address into his car’s GPS and Melissa asks where they’re going. “It’s a surprise”. He states before smiling. He continues on to say that it’s a hole in the wall that he’s sure she’ll love. She simply smiles.

Alex starts driving and conversation is good between them, but Melissa can’t help but notice how much time is passing. She’s what some may call a type-A personality meaning everything had a schedule and required perfection. It was a little less than perfect to have been in the car for twenty minutes already and not yet being at the destination. As if sensing this, Alex turns to Melissa and says, “Don’t worry, we’re almost there.” She smiles, internally kicking herself for once again having thoughts that were so easy to read. Melissa was a rather shy girl who always tried to be polite and gentle and..well..perfect. She thought back to last holiday with her ex-boyfriend and how she nearly vomited after lying to his mother about how good the cake she baked tasted.

Melissa could still hear the pain from that woman’s voice stating, “I guess you didn’t like it too much, huh?”, holding back tears. Ever since then, Melissa was determined to improve her facial transparency. Apparently, she still had a long way to go.

Eventually, Alex and Melissa arrive at the restaurant. They have a seat. Melissa glances at the menu as if she hadn’t spent twenty minutes looking at it online the night before and already determined what she’d order. The waitress arrives at their table and introduces herself. Alex orders coffees for both of them. Melissa liked a man who wasn’t afraid to take charge a little, no one’s ever ordered for her before. The waitress returns with two coffees. Melissa orders their signature cheesecake waffles while Alex orders French toast. Conversation flows easily. Alex talks about how he’s worked for the university’s newspaper for the past two years and its publication is the highlight of his week. Melissa smiles warmly, adoring whenever someone opens up about their passions with her. Their food arrives and they continue to chat while eating.

Eventually both clear their plates and finish their coffees yet, neither want the date to end. Melissa checks her phone. It’s only 7:55am. “Let’s go for a walk!”, Alex excitedly suggests. Melissa says, “That sounds great”, and stands to her feet. It was barely noticeable, yet, her bladder twitched. Melissa quickly ignored the feeling. It was nothing major, maybe only a 2 only a 1-10 scale. She was 19 years old for goodness sakes! Besides, Alex hadn’t excused himself yet at all. He was even cuter than his photos. Alex stood taller than her by nearly a foot (30.48cm) and had grown a rather luscious beard that wasn’t featured in any of his pictures on the app.

This made their 4 year age gap even more palpable in Melissa’s mind. Here she was with a journalist who drove a nice car and had a fantastic smile as well as great dad bod (her ideal type), while she was some teenager without a license, and without her own place. She couldn’t afford to appear even less mature in front of him. That settles it then. It would have been different if Alex too needed to go. If that were the case then she could simply excuse herself as well, rush off to the toilet, and enjoy the rest of their date relieved. But that isn’t what happened. She quickly removed any thoughts of her bladder from her mind as she followed Alex out of the door.

They walk for about 5 minutes before stumbling upon a coffee shop. “The Roasted Bean!” He exclaims, grabbing Melissa’s hand as if to punctuate his statement. Her face flashes pink briefly as she looks at him and then at their intwined hands. Her expression is puzzled with both eyebrows lifted slightly and a strange smile across her face. “I haven’t seen one of these in years, I thought they were gone. We’ve gotta go in here! You said you like coffee anyway, right?” Alex asks, blushing slightly at their hands as well, but does not undo them.

Melissa nods because it’s true, she does love coffee - even if her bladder didn’t. She notices the advertisement for lavender lattes inside the establishment and that’s her all-time favorite beverage. Despite her better judgement, she follows Alex inside. If she were alone, she would order the tiniest size they sold. This made sense since she was tiny herself and so was her bladder, apparently. Coffee always managed to go right through her, almost as bad as alcohol. Alex reaches the counter before her though and ordered for both of them. He was trying to impress her with his memory of what her favorite beverage was and ordered the largest size lavender latte for her.

Normally, Melissa would be incredibly impressed with this gesture. If only she hadn’t had a glass of water and one cup of coffee already pressing against her bladder. It didn’t matter though. She was only a 3 or so on the desperation scale. Okay, gun to her head maybe a 3.5. Besides, if she really couldn’t resist the urge, there were toilets right beside the counter. Being as pee-shy as she was though, Melissa hoped she would be able to just continue holding on until the end of her date. She would conveniently depart from Alex, head inside her workplace restroom, and take a much-deserved piss. Melissa couldn’t help but linger on the image briefly. Oooh the relief will surely be amazing...

“Here ya go!” Alex states, interrupting Melissa’s thoughts. She grabs the ice latte from his hands and thanks him for the beverage. She places the lid to her lips and sips slowly. It’s delicious, perhaps even the tastiest iced lavender latte she’s ever had before in her life. It’s so tasty in fact that before she realizes, she drinks 3/4 of the cup. Between the drink and her engaging conversation with Alex, Melissa had completely forgotten about her bladder.

Once Alex finishes his cup he suggests that they continue walking. “Sorry but it’s hard for me to stay focused in just one place and I could go for a smoke. Do ya mind?” Melissa shakes her head no, which was kinda true. She honestly didn’t mind, her bladder did. As she stood up, Melissa could feel that her once fairly negligible 3.5 had increased to a 6. She would certainly not consider herself desperate or anything at this point, but, under typical circumstances she would have headed toward a restroom. Although a 6 was nowhere near unbearable for Melissa, it was just enough to remain a thought constantly in the back of her head. They headed for the door as Alex lit a cigarette.

They chat and eventually settle on a bench. Melissa shifts ever so slightly as Alex is turned away, ensuring her bladder is in a comfortable enough position that it will not protest or result in anything potentially more embarrassing. Alex finishes his cigarette. The two are silent for a brief moment before Alex closes his eyes and leans in. Melissa can’t believe this is happening. Before she realizes it, they’re making out. She can taste the cigarette on his breath and to be honest, she’s into it. She’s so into it in fact that her bladder is the absolute last thing on her mind. They both lose track of time until eventually, Melissa feels a raindrop on her shoulder.

She quickly pulls away from Alex, not wanting to risk ruining her curly hair due to prolonged exposure to the rain. “That’s weird.” Alex remarks, “I didn’t think it was supposed to rain today..”. He pulls out his phone to check the weather forecast when Melissa notices his eyes widen. “What is it?” She asked.

“Shit! We better head back. I lost track of time, sorry”. Melissa took out her own phone and checked the time. It was currently 8:55am. They had exactly 35 minutes to relocate Alex’s car and drive to her job which, by Melissa’s calculations, is approximately 25 minutes away. This should give them exactly 10 minutes to hurry back to his car is this light rain before it worsens. Alex grabs Melissa’s left hand and quickly leads her back to his car. Melissa was thankful since her sense of direction was awful, yet, the pulling of her hand meant that her body was being dragged along ever so slightly.

While this sensation was typically negligible, it was less than ideal with a rapidly filling bladder. While her left hand held Alex’s, her right hand held the still partially filled coffee cup. She grimaced as she saw it sloshing and felt the condensation against her finger tips. She briefly paused to press her legs together, Alex releasing her hand during this as he continues rushing back to the car. Melissa pretends that she almost tripped and that's why she let go, brushing her knee to emphasize the point. Of course her luck would turn sour. Desperate to pee while on the best date she's been on since her breakup.

Thankfully, they reach Alex’s car quickly. Melissa heads to the passenger door and patiently waits for Alex to unlock the car. She takes these few seconds to briefly lean against the car for support and relief, easing her hold briefly before hearing the car unlock and shuffling inside. She quickly places her partially-filled coffee cup in one of the holders.

Alex apologizes profusely for carelessly losing track of time while Melissa reassures him. If she wasn't so distracted, she would reflect on how sweet it was that she made this man become so wrapped up in the moment. Unfortunately, Melissa was distracted. She holds her breath while clicking her seatbelt into place. As she exhales, she winces. The pressure was not what she needed right now. What she needed was a toilet.

She glanced briefly back at the establishments around them, thinking that they weren’t too far from the coffee shop and maybe she should just quickly excuse herself. She would tell the truth, admit she just needed to retreat inside briefly, and then she'd come back out., simple as that. It would be no big deal and she could spend the last few minutes of their date relaxed and fully enjoying Alex's company. She pushes the thought aside because although she's sure Alex wouldn't remark on her excusing herself, the thought of admitting to someone her plight was still too embarrassing.

This internal struggle does not go unnoticed by Alex. Apparently observant was another notable quality of his. “Are you okay?”, he asks, guilt in his voice. The pretty girl beside him has gone suspiciously silent. He silently cursed himself for losing track of time. I'm usually more aware than this. She was probably furious that I belatedly realized the time and almost left too late.

“Yeah, I’m fine” Melissa says, impressed at how she manages to keep her voice calm as usual. She needed Alex to ask less questions and actually start driving the damn car! She could tell that he was unsatisfied with her answer. “I just wanna make it to work on time, that’s all” I mean technically, that isn't a lie. She can’t bear the thought of being tardy just as she can’t bear the weight of her bladder which was currently a 7.

The rain seemed to be coming down with full-force. Melissa tried not to look out of the window and instead focus her efforts on her conversation with Alex (and her tired bladder, of course!). Suddenly, they reach a patch of traffic. The time is 9:08. They don’t seem too far away from her job and rationally the traffic shouldn’t interfere with their estimated time of arrival too severely, Melissa knew this, but her mind couldn’t be rational right now. It was truly her luck to be nursing a full bladder on a successful date, stuck in traffic while so close to work, with rain pounding against the windows. She chewed her bottom lip.

“How far away would you say we are?” She asks Alex, trying to sound as nonchalant as possible as to not arouse suspicion. She is looking away from him to hide her face. This succeeded in hiding her pained expression from him but without his face as a distraction, all Melissa could see and hear was the rain against her passenger window. She closes her eyes tightly for a moment as Alex places his hand on her thigh. Her entire leg stiffens in surprise before relaxing shortly after. “We’re not that far away, but are you sure you’re okay? Are you sure you don’t need anything?”

Melissa reiterates how she’s fine. As they move again, her mind is relieved and her body follows before tensing up again almost immediately thereafter. She hopes the movement is subtle enough to go by unnoticed but with his hand still on her thigh, Alex feels everything.

“C’mon, just tell me what’s wrong,” he says with genuine concern in his voice.

Although Melissa typically wouldn’t confess such a thing, she could tell that this man really wouldn’t be satisfied and rather than continue discussing the matter, which is only worsening her need, she hoped this would simply end the topic. “It’s really nothing. I just kinda need to pee is all.” That was the understatement of the century. If “kinda need to pee” meant “nearly bursting at the seams” then yes, one could say that Melissa did “kinda need to pee”. At least now, he'll hopefully change the topic to something that doesn't remind me of how badly I need to pee right now. Alex strokes her thigh softly. “Why didn’t you say anything earlier?” He asks. He felt bad for her. How long had she needed to go? He tried thinking back, wondering if there were any signs. “Now I feel even worse..”

“It’s fine.” Melissa says, turning back to face him. A light pink spreads across her face and remains there. She never tells people, especially handsome people she doesn’t know well, of her bodily needs yet here she was! It would be one thing to admit such desperation when a toilet was a mere few feet away and she could quickly dash off, but in a car? Alex now knows her need and knows that it must be pretty bad for her to have mentioned it. Oh great, how can this get any worse?

“Do you need me to pull over somewhere? I see a Starbucks up ahead” Alex asks, he can't help but noticed her pained facial expressions. She must be desperate, I can feel her near-constant shifting in the seat. He turns and faces Melissa with a face looking sympathetic as well as somehow pleased?

She can tell that he's genuinely trying to be nice. Her mind briefly entertains the thought, yet immediately refuses. The best course of action is to arrive at work to ensure I'm not late! Remember when Jessie went for an interview just last month and her attendance was cited as her number one flaw? You don't wanna end up in that situation. Besides, I'm a grown woman. Any reasonable 19 year old girl should be able to hold in her urine until convenient, right? She shifts in her seat slightly. Thankfully, Alex doesn't comment on the movement this time. Am I really gonna just sit here and let my bladder force me to squirm like a little girl?

A few more minutes pass as they get closer. Melissa finally recognizes the street names and realizes this must mean they’re almost to her workplace. Unfortunately, her bladder could also sense how close they were. Soon she kept thinking to herself. Soon she’d just be able to find relief by releasing what felt like a miniature ocean inside of her tiny bladder. She turned to her left, ensuring that Alex's eyes were glued to the road before gently placing her right palm against her inflated midsection. Curiosity had gotten the best of her. It feels rock solid! She flinches in surprise. She is thankful that Alex 's right hand had returned to the steering wheel where he was less likely to notice her now-obvious signs of desperation.

Their conversation, although dwindling, was a temporary distraction from her bladder. Well, maybe this isn't so bad...she thinks to herself, a newfound hope. I can totally make it to work, easily! Can't believe I nearly doubted myself. This feeling of confidence was short-lived once the car stopped abruptly at a light. Melissa can’t help it, despite her tightly crossed legs, biting of her lower lip, and gripping of the car’s interior, the tiniest whimper manages to escape her lips while, reflexively, both hands reach between her legs. They don't make it to her crotch, instead, they ball into fists land place themselves midway between her crotch and knees. Her face is hot because she knows that a spurt has escaped her and dampened her panties. She can feel Alex rubbing on her thigh again.

“I’m really sorry about the traffic and all the rain. This must suck. Are you sure I shouldn’t pull over somewhere?” Alex asks. Damn, I wish there was something else I could do...He glanced at her coffee cup, noticing how it was near empty. Maybe I should even suggest she pee in that It's definitely her quickest option...his thoughts quickly trail off. What a dumb suggestion, she'd never go for such an idea.

“No!” Melissa blurts out, a little too quickly, her face now on fire as she takes in his apologetic glances. “I promise I’m fine. I really don’t even need to go that badly”. They briefly exchange glances, both aware that she’s lying. Melissa is thankful that she’s wearing jeans today instead of her signature skirts because if she wasn’t, then let’s just say Alex might have ended up with a wet seat..her thoughts trail off. She would be fine, she had to be fine, there was no other option. Her knuckles were beginning to turn white from the strain. Alex's eyes became permanently glued to the road at this point and their conversation had completely ceased.

Without being able to rely on their conversation as a distraction, Melissa began to focus on dry thoughts. The Sahara Desert Eventually, this isn't enough to distract her and her mind wanders back to last year when she nearly lost control inside a Japanese temple. That was the last time I was even close to being this desperate for a toilet but this time is was worse! And at least I was alone last year and not surrounded by a handsome date I'm trying to leave a good impression on.

Right! She wants me to keep talking as a distraction. In an attempt to lighten the mood, he states“Well, on the bright side, I’ll still find you super cute even if you pee all over my car.” He flashes a quick gorgeous smile punctuated by a wink before snort laughing. Melissa’s entire body tenses. Usually she would fixate on this man's adorkable snort laugh, but that was currently the last thing on her mind. Is my desperation really that obvious? Does Alex think I'm childish? Even worse, is he mocking me? Her mind was swimming in thoughts and her body rocked softly.

I'm such an idiot! Why would I say something so stupid? “I guess that wasn’t very funny, sorry. Don’t worry, we’re almost there.” He squeezed her knee.

She can’t help it, she’s never been this desperate before. She was at a 9, maybe even a 9.5. Having had a small bladder since childhood, Melissa was experienced with being desperate. Many a time she would be interacting with a customer at work and would briefly need to excuse herself to "check on something in the back". That was almost always code for "take a ferocious piss in the work bathroom". She would typically go to the bathroom when her need neared a 6 though, rarely, a 7 when she's been out drinking. Maybe some would hold to bursting more frequently than her, but Melissa's need would grow exponentially. She could go from a 7 to a 10 in mere minutes sometimes. She was relieved to hear Alex assure her that her plight was nearly over, although not as relieved as she would like to be at this moment.

She couldn't believe this gentleman knew how badly her bladder ached and even made a joke about how badly she needed to perform the private function. The reality was that she was scarily close to having an accident in this man's car. “No you're fine, just please keep talking, I need the distraction" she chuckles softly, irritating the swollen organ suffering beneath her seatbelt. She shifts again. Should I ask him to hurry? Is that too immature? Too unladylike? "And If you could...um..please hurry” she mumbles decidedly, her head facing down, staring at her feet. She felt like a child on a road trip who forgot to use the toilet during a rest stop and was now pleading with their parent to pull over somewhere. Within a minute, they finally pull into Melissa’s work place.

She pulls out her phone and there’s exactly 7 minutes to spare. Melissa audibly sighs, rapidly undoes her seatbelt, and relaxes her muscles ever so slightly. Alex hears this and chuckles. He unbuckles his seatbelt and leans in. She knows he wants a parting kiss and she does as well. Melissa leans in to give it, but her bladder has other ideas. Being this close to a toilet and not using it was not going to happen if it had a say. She reaches for the passenger door, opens it rapidly, nearly exits before settling on leaving it ajar. She sheepishly turns to Alex. “Give me just one moment, I’ll be right back”.

Melissa gingerly exits the car and rushes as quickly as she can inside her job without jostling her bladder. As soon as she makes it out of Alex’s view, she unbuttons her jeans and unzips her pants ever so slightly. She then cradles her swollen midsection and heads into the ladies room. Usually a girl as timid as Melissa wouldn’t dare resort to such tactics but today was an exception. Today she knew that if she didn’t take these precautions, she’d wind up with soaked jeans.

She hurriedly opens the restroom door and shut herself into the first stall available. Thankfully the only person around to witness her rush was the custodian. She pulls down her jeans and panties rapidly, not a moment to spare as Melissa releases a torrent into the porcelain bowl, her stream echoing loudly off the walls. She can’t help it, a gentle sigh escapes her lips. She looks down at her pink cotton panties briefly and notices the faintest wet spot. It was surprisingly wide, spanning the circumference of a golf ball. That was a close call, she thinks to herself, way too close. Before long, her stream reduced to a trickle and then to nothing at all. She then grabbed a few squares of toilet paper, dried herself off, dried the panties off, pulled up her panties, and pulled up her jeans. She then took this time to change into her work uniform. Her job was thankfully right next to the toilets and close to the front door of the building.

She quickly leaves the stall and washes her hands before exiting her workplace again and heading back into Alex’s car. "That might have been the quickest pee I've ever seen someone take!" He remarks, almost in awe. “Someone looks relieved”, he adds and Melissa smiles. She would be embarrassed but it's not like she can deny what just happened anyway. Instead, she says, “You have no idea.” They kiss briefly. "Thanks for such a memorable date" Alex adds. The two depart as she heads into work and manages to punch in just before her shift starts, she is annoyed at feeling the dampness against her lower lips, but thankful no one else could see evidence of her close call.

