Krystal's Desperate Mission

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2023-07-07 17:04

I noticed there are zero stories of Krystal peeing her Assault outfit, either she wets something else or she doesn't wet at all. So I wrote one of my own. I am not very confident in my writing ability and few people seem to like my stories, and plus I might have had to stretch a bit to get her to not retire. I don't know how much you would enjoy this unless you really want a story where she wets that outfit. If it gets enough bad reviews I will delete it.

Will also end with another thing I like to see.

###

It has been a year since the aparoid invasion. The Great Fox had been rebuilt, and the Star Fox team was living well off the reward they had gotten for destroying the aparoid queen. With the end of Andross's army and Star Wolf's redemption, there hadn't been a lot of big missions in a while. Occasionally Star Fox would get a smaller mission but nothing on a grand scale.

Krystal was running on the treadmill in a light yellow tank top and matching shorts, for she wanted to stay fit in case another big mission came along. When she was done, she was dripping with sweat, so she drank a large bottle of water and three cans of soda.

Then R.O.B.'s voice came on the speakers. "All units of the Star Fox team. Report to the bridge."

Krystal ran to the bridge. Everyone else was already there. Krystal stood beside Falco and Slippy while Fox stood with his back facing the front window, and Peppy and R.O.B. sat to the side.

"We've got a new mission from General Pepper," said Fox. "And it's bigger than any of our missions we got since rebuilding the Great Fox. Corneria is being attacked by space pirates. They're giving the Cornerian Fleet a lot of trouble. Our mission is to defeat the pirates. Once you are ready let's get to our Arwings."

Krystal, Slippy, and Falco all made sounds of agreement. Fox looked at Krystal for a brief moment and smiled. Krystal blushed lightly, hoping Fox found her sweat-soaked exercise outfit attractive.

The team went to prepare for their mission. In her room, Krystal removed her exercise outfit. She left her underwear on, a black bra and panties, before putting on her Star Fox uniform, a skintight blue full bodysuit, over top. She sniffed her armpit. She smelled a little, but she didn't want to take the time to shower now. She just hoped Fox wouldn't notice.

Krystal arrived at the hangar and got into her Arwing at the same time as Fox, Falco, and Slippy, and they took off. As they flew towards Corneria with the Great Fox behind them, Krystal's underwear did not take long to dry from the sweat.

However, as Corneria came into view, Krystal had to go to the bathroom. She realized she had not used the toilet after drinking all that water and soda today. She fidgeted slightly, hoping she would make it through the battle.

They arrived at Corneria, and quickly found the pirates engaging the Cornerian Fleet. Star Fox began blasting the space pirates.

Fox's teammates weren't as great at flying or aerial combat as him, but they were decent at it. However, as Krystal's need to pee became more and more urgent, she started missing her targets more.

After Krystal shot at a pirate six times, Falco finally blew him up. "You all right there, Krystal?" Falco asked.

"I'm fine," said Krystal, blushing. What was she going to do, say she had to pee? Even if she wasn't too embarrassed to say it, it wouldn't do her much good now. She was in the middle of a battle. There was no way to stop and use the bathroom right now. She'd either have to hold it or... Krystal brushed off the thought. She had stayed dry through all her missions in the past, aside from missions on Zoness in the rain, or walking waist deep through water on Sauria. In which case, it was only water. Normally this wasn't an issue. If only she hadn't drank so much before the mission...

Then Krystal felt her Arwing rock from a laser blast from behind. Krystal looked over her shoulder to see three space pirates chasing after her, shooting at her. For some reason, Krystal, Falco, and Slippy were not as good at shaking enemies as Fox was. This wasn't Krystal's first time, but feeling the pee sloshing inside her made it even worse. She wasn't sure what she was more frightened of - getting killed by the pirates, or peeing herself. "Fox I've got enemies on my tail!"

Immediately Fox was there and destroyed the three pirates.

"Phew, you saved me! Thanks, Fox." Krystal wished she could say she was completely relieved, but the pressure in her bladder had not disappeared like the space pirates had. Nevertheless, she gave Fox a health ring, crossing her legs and trying to keep her underwear dry.

As the fight progressed, Krystal fidgeted harder and harder, and pretty soon she could not hit a single enemy. She really needed to go, and her skintight outfit was not helping. Then she was hit by a pirate's laser, and leaked a bit into her panties. She whimpered and crossed her legs, staying in one position.

"Krystal, are you all right?" Fox asked, sounding concerned.

Krystal blushed. Of all members of Star Fox it would be most embarrassing for Fox to find out about her predicament. "Y... Yes, I'm fine."

"I've never seen you miss your targets so much. What's going on?"

"I... I'm just tired from running on the treadmill all day."

"You jumped into your Arwing the same as you always do. What's up?"

"I..." Krystal leaked a little more, dampening the crotch of her suit. She could not think of any way of hiding this from Fox. "I have to go to the bathroom." She blushed more at saying this.

"Oh." Fox was silent for a bit, and Krystal suspected he was blushing as well. "Do you think you can hold it?"

"I don't think I can. I feel like I'm about to..." She couldn't finish, but Fox understood.

"See if you can find a spot to go in private, and then return. At this rate you'll either get killed or have an accident."

Krystal's blush intensified, but she had to agree. She flew her Arwing away from the city. But three space pirates noticed her and followed her. They shot at her with their lasers, and when she took another hit, she leaked again. "Aaaah! Fox!"

Fox quickly destroyed the pirates, and Krystal left the city. The water she was flying above made it a bit harder for her to hold it. On the other side she eventually spotted a gas station. She landed her Arwing and was about to get out when the gas station exploded. A space pirate was flying above, and started firing at Krystal. She groaned and quickly took off. "Leave me alone! I really have to pee!"

Even if he could hear her the pirate didn't care. But Krystal was able to do a loop and, once behind the pirate, fired at him. After the first several shots, she finally hit him and destroyed him. Krystal sighed of relief, but knew that the relief she really needed was still far away. She was so close and she had gotten her relief snatched away at the last second.

Then she spotted a bush. Normally she would be opposed to peeing outside like a non-anthropomorphic animal, but she saw no alternatives at this point. She landed her Arwing next to the bush and got out. She ran behind the bush, and looked around the sky for pirates. To her dismay, she saw five pirates approaching. With a groan, she got back into her Arwing and shot a bomb at the pirates, blowing them up. She couldn't count on more pirates not coming, so she flew back towards the city.

"Krystal, is everything all right?" came Fox's voice.

"The pirates wouldn't leave me alone. I was able to defeat them, but I still have to go really badly!"

"Uh..." Krystal could tell Fox was at a loss for words. "I suppose you could retire back to the Great Fox?"

It was very tempting. Krystal was on the verge of peeing her suit, and Fox said she could. But... "I don't want to retire from a battle for something like this. It would be more embarrassing than any other outcome."

"Well, if you're sure, then... If you have to let it out right there, I won't think any less of you."

Krystal blushed. Was Fox telling her she could pee herself? Of course given her last words to him, it seemed the only possible outcome.

By the time she returned to the city, most of the pirates had been dealt with. "Is the battle almost over?" she asked.

"Almost," said Fox. "But their captain hasn't shown himself."

"Disrespectful little whelps! I'll teach ye some respect!" A large ship rose from the water at the city's edge and swung a giant spike ball on a chain at Fox, Falco, and Slippy. They shot at his ship, and he fired back with cannons.

Krystal watched the battle. She wasn't sure what she could do in her current situation. But it was a larger target so maybe she could hit him. She still had to go to the bathroom really badly. What could she do? She could try to find a spot to pee now that most of the pirates were gone. But there were still some around, and she was sure they'd follow her while their captain was preoccupied with the rest of the team. She could retire to the Great Fox, but, again, retiring from a battle because she had to pee, as opposed to her Arwing receiving critical damage, would be more embarrassing than wetting herself. Other than that she couldn't see any way out of wetting her suit. Those were her only two options. Fight or flight?

She made up her mind. She flew over to the battle and started shooting at Sarumarine's ship, taking her mind off her overflowing bladder and onto the battle. If she wet herself, as she most likely would, she'd deal with it after the battle. Just as Fox was taking out his left cannon, Krystal took out his right cannon with a bomb, and then destroyed the two exhaust pipes. As she did, she was dribbling in her panties, dampening her suit, but she didn't care.

Then Sarumarine flew around in unpredictable patterns, swinging his spike ball around. He aimed for Krystal first. Krystal tried to dodge, but eventually he hit her directly and knocked her back. This was too much for Krystal, and she peed full force in her suit. She blushed as the warm wetness soaked her crotch and rear end, and the Arwing seat was flooded, with a large puddle forming at her feet. A loud hissing noise could be heard as she wet herself.

"Krystal!" Fox dodged Sarumarine's attacks and blasted him until he blew up in a massive explosion. Krystal watched while still peeing, spreading her legs as she knew it was no use trying to hold it, as the remaining pirates flew away on seeing their captain defeated.

Fox contacted Pepper. "Mission accomplished," he said.

"Well done, Star Fox. It appears the pirate captain was one of Andross's former commanders. Your reward is now being transferred. Pepper out."

Fox then contacted Krystal. "Are you all right, Krystal?"

"I... I didn't make it." Krystal blushed beet red. She had finished peeing and was now sitting in wet pants, her seat soaked and her feet ankle deep. The pee smell in her Arwing easily drowned out the sweat smell. The relief felt amazing, but she could not believe she had peed herself, and had never been more ashamed in her life.

"Don't worry about it. I'll get you cleaned up back at the Great Fox. You did really good against that boss. Taking out three of his components in your situation, not many pilots could have done that."

Krystal smiled despite her embarrassment. They flew up to the Great Fox, and Krystal put her Arwing in the maintenance bay to get it cleaned, and the pee smell removed. Falco and Slippy returned to their rooms to spare Krystal being seen by them in her wet pants, but Fox stood at the maintenance bay entrance and took Krystal to his room. Krystal was still blushing at Fox seeing her like this, but somehow she didn't mind so much. Fox had not given her any disgust or ridicule for peeing herself.

"Would you like a bath?" Fox asked.

"I need one," Krystal said.

Fox filled the tub with warm soapy water. "How would you like to... Uh..." He blushed, clearly wanting to know whether Krystal would go in nude, in her underwear, or in her suit, and not wanting to make her more uncomfortable.

"My suit needs to be washed too," said Krystal, and she climbed into the tub, still in her wet suit, and sat down, sighing of pleasure. Already she was relieved that any trace of her accident was gone.

"You look good in a wet suit. I mean.. That is to say... Uh..." Fox blushed beet red.

Krystal was also blushing but giggled. "I know what you mean," she said, playfully splashing Fox a little. Fox smiled knowing Krystal was already feeling better, and poured a bucket of water over her head before scrubbing her back and sides. "It's not my top half that needs washing, but I am enjoying this."

"I can tell by the smell that you haven't washed since running on the treadmill."

Krystal blushed. "You noticed?"

"I don't mind." Fox washed her some more.

Krystal smiled. She was smelly and she peed herself, and yet Fox wasn't the least bit disgusted with her. Nor did he seem to find her less attractive. If anything he seemed to find her more attractive.

"Now let's clean your dirty butt," said Fox.

Krystal got on all fours with her behind in the air. Fox poured a large dollop of soap onto Krystal's tush and started scrubbing with both hands, coating the seat of her suit in suds. Krystal was blushing lightly but she was really enjoying this. Having Fox give so much attention to her rear end, she had always fantasized about this.

Eventually Fox finished washing Krystal and rinsed her off. Then she stepped in the drying chamber and it dried her off. She sighed of satisfaction. "That was fun. We should do that again sometime."

"Yes, we should," said Fox with a smile. Krystal giggled, for she was looking forward to it.

The End

(AN: My initial draft has a little epilogue where she has some wet fun with Fox (both pee and otherwise), but I think that might be stretching even further so I removed it. If you want I can follow it up with that in a reply. Original draft also had her fart in the tub, but I think that might put some people off. Also I have never beaten that boss on Star Fox 64.)

*001*2023-07-09 19:14

Two upvotes... that's a good sign. (One of them of course loves all my stories, I was actually surprised she didn't react sooner)

