Thinking of posting a "wetting while gaming" story

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-04-05 00:18

I was thinking of posting a story I wrote of someone playing Breath of the Wild (one of the most addicting games I know), and needing to pee (starting during Divine Beast Ruta of course), and always saying she'll pause and use the bathroom after she beats Ruta or gets this shrine or that tower, but she never does, and ends up peeing herself.

First, I initially wrote this as an Equestria Girls fanfic with Sunset Shimmer, but as not a lot of people here like that show I'm probably better off making it just fiction instead of fanfiction, changing her to an OC named Sunny.

Second, in my initial draft, there is a scene where she farts while Sidon is on the screen, and is a bit embarrassed at this because she finds him attractive, even though she knows he can't see or hear her. It is the only fart scene, but seeing as how most people on this site either find it a turn-off or just don't care for it, I was thinking about removing it. Should I?

Third, while I know that mid-quality is better received here than on fimfiction, I'm afraid someone who likes this game but hates the fetish content might stumble upon it and it will ruin the game for them, thinking this could actually happen with a lot of people. (Though I kind of did this with the labyrinth, but I set up the couch to prepare for it, and of course in the end voluntarily let go so it might not count, plus I have the fetish). I am not submitting it there, nor likely anything else unrequested anymore, because so few are interested. Even here my stories barely get any readers who like them.

Would anyone be interested in this? Or should I keep this one to myself as well?

*002*2019-04-05 05:23

{{15 minutes ago, Cwmaness said:

Hey again Wolf ^_^ good to see ya again. Well for starters, while i enjoy the fan part of your fanfics i can agree i think it would be better recieced as an OC, you do you on that one. Second, remember this is your story first, the draft has it in it and has a whole scene around it so i think include it, just part a tag or message at the begining of the story or just before the scene(an idea ive been meaning to suggest but im ah....a bit forgetful) this would not only solve your delima in this story, but in all of them. Then you could add all that you love and people can pick wether they want to see the extra fetishes or just omo (tbh i agree with all of your additions if it wasnt obvious). Lastly, dobt worry about the game, this is a fetish fic of someone playin the game, people who want to look up the game or such have a vast number of things to look at, if they look at this not knowing what it is then that is on them. Dont let that deter you from posting.

To reitterate a bit, remember first and always foremost, that this is your story. Post it how it makes you happy, those who enjoy what you do will follow just as i did. Stay true to yourself and make yourself happy. I read all of your stories because i thoroughly enjoy them just as i know others do. We got you Wolf, so post if you want to and include all that you like, just put tags if it gets a bit out there. Lookin out for ya ;p. Anywho, long reply sorry lol. Good to see you again and i hope you feel a bit better about your writing and yourself maybe even after this.

Sincerely,

Cwmaness

}}

I appreciate the support. I'm sure my stories are more popular here without fart scenes in them, even though this time it's just one scene in a small paragraph, and even if they know it's in there it could still ruin the story for them. But I'm pretty sure I do put tags for other fetishes in there, and this one is mainly desperation and wetting. I think part of this might just be getting nervous about posting my fantasies again cause I haven't for a while. (and don't worry I didn't think the reply was really long)

*003*2019-04-06 02:13

@Cwmaness

It looks like you're the only one who's interested. How about I PM it to you? Do you prefer Sunset or OC Sunny, and should I leave the fart in?

*006*2019-04-06 05:29

{{1 hour ago, Cwmaness said:

Well. To be honest id like to see the story as you like it best. Im not picky^_^. Thank you for taking your time for me

}}

No problem. Not a lot of people like my stories so I always appreciate someone who does.

