Omorashi Idol [Interactive]

Author: Tsuchigumo550

*000*2016-01-14 06:37

Hello everyone! There's been a lot of fantastic fiction stories floating around recently, and I've been thinking of starting one of my own, but it's been a little under a month now and I just couldn't decide on a single thing to write. With that in mind, I've decided to take a few of the ideas and blend them together, then present it as a more interactive experience.

It's 2056, and the world is a somewhat different place than what it is today. Years of social and economic change have given rise to not only a wide, nearly global peace, but widespread change in values and morals. While some would argue that they're looser than they've ever been, it's hard to complain about life as it currently is. Just four years prior, the world's first orbiting space colony was completed, and plans to terraform nearby planets could be realized in as little as two. While life on Earth is still quite good in the wake of change, those lucky enough to live on the colony- by buying in, by lottery, or by invitation- have a true shot at paradise.

Nonetheless, the average person on the station has little to nothing to worry about- maybe aside from a boring job assignment. It may not be a true utopia, but life in space is at least enjoyable- especially with the incredible boom in the entertainment industry. Loose restrictions afford artistic ventures more room to grow and differentiate themselves, swelling to replace human labor lost by technological improvement. There's still thousands of channels to choose from- but now, no one can really say that there isn't anything good to listen to, watch, or better yet, experience.

Coming from a small broadcasting complex buried deep within the entertainment industry's core, a digital signal is sent out alongside thousands of others, making their way to any number of devices all tuning in for the show. Each viewer has likely been waiting eagerly for this event- the first of it's kind. Things like it had been broadcast before- omorashi content had a fair viewership on the Colony- but until now, it had all been pre-recorded content, often featuring only one actress, idol, or star. Today, however, something new was in the works, more than just a show- a live, interactive broadcast featuring not one, but eight popular idols in the industry. The organizers of the event were surprised to sell out the small number of studio audience chairs, let alone the steadily increasing number of viewers tuning in right before the show went live. While the last preparations happened backstage, an introduction to the show started, giving everyone a small taste of what was ahead.

###

Firstly, the introduction began by showing the idols in attendance- for this year, eight, with the hopes of more next time.

The first slide featured Julianne and Faye, two idols known mostly for work outside of omorashi, although a number of videos proved that they weren't strangers to, or adverse, to desperation.

Julianne was one of the first "adult-oriented" idols in the Colony, respected for both her more adult offerings as well as her general photogenic nature and positive attitude. She's done work in just about every area imaginable, including more family-friendly work as minor roles in various shows and appearing on various talk shows for various reasons. When she isn't on a film set, she's usually very active on social media, and her blog focuses on fashion tips for all body types and styles. Many like to call her the "every-girl" of the idol world, for her friendly, supportive nature, her wide range of work, and her enduring presence.

Faye, meanwhile, had practically been born into the idol world, daughter of a wealthy channel-owner and his doting wife. Her biggest- and most outwardly obvious- draw are her breasts, and endless tabloids question their legitimacy. One needn't look much further than her mother for proof, however; everything about Faye is real, even if it is borderline fantasy. Her endlessly energetic nature and long list of content produced despite barely having two years of legality under her belt are all very real, and one could put her name next to nearly any word in the dictionary and get some search result for it. That isn't to say that her works are of low quality or that she's overdoing it; she is one of the most popular idols currently working, and shows no sign of stopping.

From widely-accessible stars to those with deeper fan connections and odd starts, the second slide brings us Vyli and Melissa. Vyli became famous overnight for streaming herself doing yoga, mostly as a sort of training video, becoming a viral sensation and eventually finding herself recruited into idoldom. While she still does the occasional exercise instructional, she's far more known for her adult works these days, as well as a few social media outlets that reveal that she's actually somewhat lazy and nerdy rather than the exercise nut people originally thought she was. In an odd twist of fate, many see her as inspiration to exercise more despite being a lot like the side she shows over blogs and similar. As far as adult content, she has a few markets she particularly enjoys catering to, and luckily, omorashi is one such market.

Melissa, meanwhile, is somewhat of a miracle case. She'd chased her dreams to be an idol for years before eventually deciding that it was a bit too late, instead taking a job for one of the entertainment juggernauts as a sort of handler. Her passion for idols- and dream of being one- made her quite good at her job up until her main client retired. Her company had a void to fill, and by luck or chance, the CEO of the company decided that Melissa might make for a good idol to replace the lost talent. Given a second shot at her dreams, she's even come to enjoy the various adult works she's been a part of- usually the sort of "office fantasy" type of film, a couple of which featured omorashi scenes.

While everyone present has been a part of at least some omorashi-centric content, only Vyli could possibly try to claim she's as popular in that specific market as Tessa and Mei.

Tessa has quite an expansive amount of omorashi content under her belt, so to speak, and it seems like her fans simply can't get tired of various alterations to a simple formula. Known most widely for her "dog-girl" theming, her videos often include things such as a master controlling when and how she can go, public urination, and slight humiliation. Outside of her videos, she's a bit of a ditz, even if she is well meaning, and her various social media posts and communications with fans is endearing at best and confusing at worst. Still, her fans are always in for a treat around her- as she's known for doing extra things outside of videos, such as documenting a hold and her growing, bulging bladder, or keeping track of her record longest holds yet.

Mei, meanwhile, has a similar method of "theming" her videos, most commonly around that of being a schoolgirl, or occasionally working a low-level job. Content varies widely, but most frequently, one can expect locked bathrooms, lengthy holds ending in accidents, and many scenarios where she can't possibly make it, but tries valiantly anyway. Outside of her videos, she's a bit shy, but still posts frequently on social media, usually about unrelated things.

The final group is best summed up as "movie stars", as they're most famous for roles in major works rather than the various media they've been involved in on the side. Both have still been featured in some omorashi content, although mostly to a limited extent.

Helena is one of the premier "tough" actresses currently working as an idol, and isn't putting on much of a show- she's actually worked security for other idols in certain situations. Almost all of her adult content is fairly dated, created when she was first starting out as an idol; it is fairly rare to see new media from her with an adult theme these days. One particular video of her- struggling to escape from bindings with an increasingly full bladder- is still rather popular to this day. She seems willing to re-enter certain sections of the adult market, for one reason or another. Be it genuine interest or just a slow season, there are few doubts that fans of her early works are overjoyed at such news.

Alyssa, meanwhile, is considered one of the most prolific stars in the industry today, having starred in so many different roles that it's hard to put any sort of short list together. She's very open on social media, especially about the movie-making process, and is known for returning to themes she likes- it just so happens that omorashi is one of those genres she "wouldn't mind doing again some time." There's no doubt that her popularity is having some positive effect on viewership, although one has to wonder how many of those fans have been waiting for this moment for months on end.

And now, to introduce one last thing- our interaction with fans! This show is being broadcast live, as well as for a lucky studio audience; luckily, all of you will have a say in how this show progresses! Each round, we'll prompt the home audience for something- to choose what our idols drink, do, or endure on-stage- all until someone just can't take it anymore! Sometimes we'll ask for multiple things, and sometimes the choices offered aren't going to be very fair at all, but it's all part of the game! What game, you ask? Why, a tournament of sorts! Whichever of our idols can stay dry the longest will earn quite the lump sum for a charity of their choice- but it won't be easy, especially not when the fans are in control!

Now that everything's been explained, let's start the first Omorashi Idol show! Viewers, in a moment, the very first prompt of the show will appear, and after a minute or so of collecting votes, we'll act on majority! Meet our first contestants, Julianne and Faye!

###

The camera cuts to the stage once more, where the first two girls mentioned have taken their place on stage. As they wave to the audience, an overlay appears on the screen displaying various things about each girl.

Julianne is Empty, Confident, and Dry. She is wearing Jeans and a Belt. She has not had anything to drink yet.

Faye is Empty, Overconfident, and Dry. She is wearing an Extremely Short Skirt. She has not had anything to drink yet.

Once this display appears, another appears not long after- this one bearing a number of choices and a timer. It begins to tick down as the curtains behind them spread open, revealing a bar stocked with nearly every drink imaginable and an auto-server in the center, as well as various types of seats. For the moment, the girls stand ahead of the bar.

A number of choices have appeared.

What is our first drink?

1. Lemonade

2. Tea

3. Bottled Water

4. Energy Drink

5. Coffee

Are we fair?

1. Yes

2. No, give Julianne more

3. No, give Faye more

4. No, give Julianne a diuretic

5. No, give Faye a diuretic

6. Yes, give both girls a diuretic

###

Short version: This is an interactive omorashi-based game show of sorts where viewers (you) get to control the action. I can't promise that I'll illustrate everything, and this will likely be fairly text-heavy, but I'll try to include images every now and then. Each image contains a pair that will go head-to-head in a holding contest, until there's only one girl left. It'll likely be very possible to skew each game in one girl's favor, though be aware that not every girl is exactly the same, nor will the same questions appear every time.

Also, there's a color coding that indicates each item's severity. In general, the scale goes Blue-Green-Yellow-Orange-Red-Purple, from least severe/most normal to most severe/least normal. Updates will hopefully come every day or two or whenever I get a good number of votes, though I can't promise anything just yet.

Here's hoping for a good time for everyone and a nice bit of interactive fiction.

###

*010*2016-01-14 17:37

Because there isn't a lot happening in the first post, I'll go ahead and call the vote so we can get moving. Right now the current winners are "Lemonade" and "Add a diuretic to both".

Oh dear, there's no alerts for fresh posts. Let me double check things... Okay, the majority didn't switch. From now on, I'll try to post when an update is about to go up, so people's votes don't get cut off. I'll also try to keep things moving relatively quickly as long as I have six or more votes at any one time. Also, if there's anything you'd like to see more of, or any comments, feel free to post them along with your votes. It might take a while for me to get pacing and such down to a science.

###

As soon as the short timer on the questions ticked down to 0, the automated bar whirred to life, setting two fairly large mugs down before filling them with precise amounts of liquid. The machine stirred in sugar- as well as a more hidden special ingredient- as it filled each glass, stopping only once the lemonade neared the very brim of the glass. By the time the robotic serving arm placed a lemon-slice garnish on each glass, both girls had turned from the crowd to take their first round of drinks.

Faye needed no introduction, the camera having to pan quickly to get the best shot of her draining her mug of lemonade. The audience cheered as she gulped down a little under half of her glass in one go, setting it back down with a satisfied sigh and a mischievous smirk. "No point in wasting time, right, Julianne? Come on, let's see what you're made of."

Julianne seemed nervous, steadying her own glass with both hands. "Fine, but if I can drink more, you've got to completely finish yours." Even with her assertion, Julianne seemed a little shaky, and viewers at home would notice her Confident tag blinking, possibly ready to change. However, Faye hardly bothered to hesitate before answering. "All right, you're on."

Julianne took a deep breath, closing her eyes and focusing on the task at hand. Even with the buzzing crowd and Faye's teasing smirk, she remained confident, and brought the glass to her lips.

Gulp, gulp... the glass tilted back as more and more lemonade poured into Julianne's mouth, her hands keeping the glass steady as she steadily swallowed down the sour-sweet lemonade. The glass tilted slowly as the yellow liquid disappeared inside of Julianne, at such a rate that it almost seemed like a magic trick. The excited murmuring of the crowd grew in intensity the longer Julianne managed to keep it up, the glass raising higher along with the noise in the studio. Finally- after what felt like a long time for the crowd and forever for Julianne- she slowed, hesitating slightly before gulping down one last mouthful of lemonade. She set the mug down, gasping for air as the lemonade in her glass sloshed about.

Julianne was still catching her breath when the crowd erupted into cheers, prompting her to look at her glass of lemonade. Surely enough, she'd managed to suck down a little more than half of it, roughly an inch more than Faye herself had taken in. As Julianne turned to smile at the crowd, the cameras caught Faye pouting at her own glass, particularly unhappy about losing at her own bet. Nonetheless, she was true to her word, sipping at the lemonade as the crowd's cheering died down.

"I should have known not to challenge a college girl to a drinking contest..." Faye mused aloud, draining the tangy lemonade at a leisurely pace. "But even though I have to finish mine first, you still have to drink yours eventually."

This time, it was Julianne who smirked at her opponent. "Oh, I know. Maybe I'll be done by the time you're about to give up."

Faye simply pouted again, zealously finishing the rest of her lemonade glass as if to prove a point. Similar to the lemonade she'd just chugged down, the sweet idol retorted with rather sour remarks. "Yeah, done soaking those jeans, maybe."

###

Thirty minutes pass, as the lemonade is given time to work through the girl's systems as they idly chat with each other and various members of the audience. Most of the questions are welcome distractions, usually about various unrelated films and future plans, but near the end, Faye is asked about an "unintended" video, one that had been debated over ever since it's release.

"Yes, for the record, I did really need to go. I had a packed schedule that day, but one of the films required another take, and the one you're talking about was right before we filmed "Tied Up and Tormented". I had drank quite a lot..." Faye hesitated, shifting her weight and trailing off, "anyway, the extra take took a lot of time to set up again. I couldn't really relieve myself, because I needed to be full for the second film, but I hadn't planned on a second take, so by the time we were ready, well... It probably would have been easier to switch gears entirely at that point, I was so full. Even though we didn't, well... I'm assuming you've all seen both of those videos. If you haven't seen "Tied Up and Tormented", I suggest finding it. It's kind of short, for obvious reasons, so it's probably very cheap, and has me in one of my most desperate states. Even though I was bursting from the very start, we got almost ten minutes of footage.

Faye shifted again, although this time it was to assume a more confident pose... probably. "Speaking of that film, we've been thinking of revisiting it. You know, do all the things we were going to do the first time around. I'm sure now that I've mentioned it, it'll probably happen, but a spike in sales won't hurt either~" Faye giggled, winking at the crowd.

###

Julianne is Beginning to fill, Confident, and Dry. She is wearing Jeans and a Belt. She finished a very large diuretic lemonade 5 minutes ago.

Faye is Filling up quickly, Disadvantaged, and Dry. She is wearing an Extremely Short Skirt. She finished a very large diuretic lemonade 25 minutes ago.

At the 30 minute mark, new choices appear for the audience.

It's time for a contest! How difficult should it be?

Easy

Taxing

Difficult

The loser of the contest will have some sort of punishment applied. What kind of punishment should it be?

Moderate

Heavy

Humiliating

Extreme

Unfair

Lastly, choose a number between one and six! This will be used for certain games, and left out for others. If it's a tie, a number will be chosen at randomly from the ties.

1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6

*018*2016-01-16 18:04

Difficult, Humiliating, and 2 are the winners! In hindsight, I probably should have rolled the die, but this works fine.

###

Although the vote ended not too long after Faye's shameless sales plug, the challenge itself took some time to begin. Questions were closed for the time being, however, and the crowd was obviously expecting... well, something, with quiet excitement; both girls exchanged nervous glances as they wondered what would come next.

Roughly ten minutes later, the backstage curtain slid open for various crew to wheel in props for the challenge, the largest of which was a twelve-step staircase ending in an elevated platform. It was locked in place as others brought out tables and chairs, setting them on the platform, as well as a single table at the base of the stairs. A second swarm of workers brought a huge number of tall glasses, two silver trays, and two large pitchers full of something that looked like iced tea, setting them at the lower table before filtering backstage as well. Although they were moving quite quickly, it took around five minutes to properly secure everything in it's place.

While all of the attention was elsewhere, Faye nervously fidgeted in place. It was taking a while for them to get the challenge set up, and they hadn't even announced exactly what it would be yet... For various reasons, she found herself wishing that they would hurry the process along. "Maybe it's nerves, maybe it's something else..." she thought to herself, "but I'm already filling up and the show's barely begun. I know I can hold more than she can, at least, I'm pretty sure of that, but at this rate..."

Faye was startled slightly as another introduction video began to play, this time one explaining how challenges work and what this particular one would be. She stole another glance over at Julianne to see how she was doing- and, discouragingly, the answer was "fairly well".

###

"This will be the first challenge of this round, so let's explain how they work in general. Every challenge is created from a number of factors- the most important of which is difficulty. They range from Trivial to Impossible, although we won't usually let you vote on the entire spectrum, as with anything. Punishment for failing at the challenge is similarly important, however, there are lots of different factors outside of how harsh they are to consider, and usually, to vote on. Sometimes votes open up for the other considerations for each challenge as well, such as what kind of challenge it is (physical, mental, focus, that kind of thing), how balanced the competition is, or other special things that go into each challenge.

Now, to talk about the challenge at hand. You already know the winning votes, but it's time to let our contestants know what they're up against! This will be a difficult challenge, consisting of moving filled glasses from the bottom table to the top one. The glasses may only be carried on the tray, and only one hand may be used to balance the tray. Whoever can properly move all of their glasses- properly full glasses, mind- up to the top table first is the winner. If a girl loses control of her tray or spills too many drinks, she's disqualified on the spot. We'll save talking about the punishment for when it actually happens, but contestants, I wouldn't want to lose if I were you.

Contestants, please take your positions at the first table, and let the first challenge begin!

###

As soon as the short video ended, the display for each girl updated right before the challenge began.

Julianne is Filling up quickly, Confident, and Dry. She is wearing Jeans and a Belt. She finished a very large diuretic lemonade 20 minutes ago.

Faye needs to pee and is filling, disadvantaged and worried, and Dry. She is wearing an Extremely Short Skirt. She finished a very large diuretic lemonade 40 minutes ago.

###

Both girls took their positions as the crowd buzzed, a few cheers erupting for either girl thanks to zealous fans. Faye did her best to appear as calm as Julianne did, although she couldn't keep from bouncing her leg slightly, or swaying gently, especially whenever the cameras seemed to focus on her opponent. She had to wonder what was -in- that lemonade to make it so much harder on her just because she drank it first- probably a diuretic, but even so...

Julianne herself had worried about similar things, but seeing the once-confident Faye reduced to worried fidgeting did wonders for her own confidence. Something in the back of her mind reminded her that it wouldn't be too much longer before she shared Faye's problem, the diuretic rapidly pushing lemonade through her system and into her bladder. Luckily for her, it wasn't an issue just yet.

The challenge started with a loud buzzing sound, both girls taking their pitchers and getting to work filling up each glass. Faye poured quickly, trying to give herself little time to listen to the sound, but Julianne's slow and steady approach still found its way to her ears. There were a total of twelve glasses to move- taking too few would make it impossible to complete the challenge in any reasonable time, but taking too many would be a huge risk. Faye filled glass after glass, however; determined to make the most out of her first run and buy time that Julianne hopefully wouldn't have. A fourth glass filled as Julianne finished her second; Faye kept going as Julianne took the tray and moved up the stairs with only two glasses.

Julianne had no trouble keeping her tray balanced, moving gracefully and quickly up to the top of the stairs without spilling either glass- although she hadn't done so without some wobbling, the glasses remained full. Julianne looked down the stairs as she set her own two glasses on the table- seeing Faye balancing six full glasses on her way up. Julianne didn't have the time to watch the show, even though it was clear that Faye had overestimated herself slightly...

Faye took each step with slow, careful movements, her tray visibly wobbling with each one. She'd barely made it up onto the steps by the time Julianne passed her, leaving her to hear more glasses being filled at a slow, steady pace. Each little shake of her legs caused the glasses to shift and slide, making it harder and harder to balance the contents as tea ran down the sides of each glass. Faye stopped at the halfway point to tug at her short skirt- eliciting a number of cheers from the crowd, both for the panty flash it offered as well as the implied desperation- steeling herself and re-balancing the tray of drinks. Much more of this, and they'd spill...

Julianne, admittedly for less than altruistic reasons, had started filling a third glass. Figuring that four wouldn't be too difficult and that the sound might be enough to disqualify Faye, she continued pouring at a glacial pace.

Faye had finally managed to tune that sound out, however- mostly. She had many other problems to contend with, and luckily enough, they were distracting enough to allow her to ignore Julianne's methodical torment. Continuing was difficult, less because it was particularly hard to hold in her pee, but more because every little shiver was potentially enough to tip her tray over. In her head, she counted the steps- eight. Her tray wobbled, but she caught it without a spill. Nine. She nearly had the hang of it now, moving up without much incident. Ten. Eleven. Another wobble, but nothing she couldn't handle. Twelve...

Faye breathed a small sigh of relief, having made it all the way to the top. From here, placing the glasses was the easy part, and Julianne hadn't even finished her fourth glass yet. Unable to see behind her, Julianne was unaware that Faye had actually managed the six-glass feat until she heard the clink of her glasses being placed. Carefully filling the rest of the glass and lifting her tray, she turned to see Faye placing drink after drink, her tray in a precarious state of balance. Moving up the steps swiftly was a rash choice, and a bit of a mistake as tea splashed over the rim of her glasses, but she too managed to keep from spilling too much on the way up.

The crowd buzzed as both girls looked to be nearly even; Faye placing her last glass and heading down the steps- with more slight wobbling, this time from her hips- Julianne chasing after without much delay. Neither girl could afford anything short of six glasses on their next trip- sloshing tea being poured as rapidly as either girl dared. Even though Faye was still at a clear disadvantage, large portions of the crowd began to chant for her, especially as she started up the stairs before Julianne had poured her own last glass. She was even moving a bit quicker now, more used to balancing the tray with a single hand... however, Julianne was moving just as quickly, if not faster.

It all came down to how fast Faye was willing to move- too quickly, and she'd definitely lose control of her tray, but too slowly, and Julianne would assuredly place all of her glasses before Faye herself could even reach the top. Faye sped up- knowing that there was no way she'd be able to lose this competition and still have a chance unless the crowd suddenly decided to play very unfairly to Julianne- causing her glasses to tilt and sway. She couldn't pause to balance them, she just had to keep moving, keep Julianne's pace. It was even working, up the sixth, seventh, eighth step-

Before she could react, Faye's tray tilted too far in one direction, and having focused too much on moving quickly, she didn't have the time to save it before it toppled off of her hand and onto the ground below, splashing tea everywhere. The glasses, luckily, didn't break, as they'd been treated with a plastic coating for safety reasons. Julianne passed her, keeping enough focus to make it to the top before placing her tray down, claiming victory by default.

"And with that humiliating accident, Faye has lost control of her tray, as well as the game! While our crew cleans this up and resets the stage, let's discuss exactly what Faye is in for... Faye, unfortunately for you, the crowd wants to see you humiliated for losing that challenge! I can only imagine what's in store for you..."

Faye stood frozen, a look of worried frustration upon her face. Julianne was handling all of this so well, even though it should have been her in this state; Faye could only imagine what was coming next and shudder helplessly. It was humiliating enough to be in her current state, already needing to go after less than an hour of holding and still feeling her bladder expanding, failing to do anything against her opponent... and now, she'd face further humiliation at the hands of the crowd. Silently begging that she'd still have the advantage in capacity, she turned to the crowd as a vote appeared on their screen...

###

Looks like Faye is in for a humiliating punishment! It's time to vote on how exactly she pays for all those spilled drinks.

First, the backbone of any punishment- does she drink, and how much?

None- focus entirely on the punishment itself.

A fair amount- every punishment should involve drinking, on top of whatever else it entails.

A lot- Humiliate her with volume. Make it difficult, and make it a lot. Diuretics are fair game.

Too much- make her drink a colossal amount, in an embarrassing way.

Secondly, if not through the drinking, how do we punish her?

Punish her through drinking only. It won't be as simple as just drinking it normally, though.

Remove article(s) of her clothing, such as her underwear.

Make her beg the crowd for mercy, then allow them to vote on a further drinking-based punishment.

Make her beg her opponent for mercy, and give her opponent the final decision on how to punish her.

Give her articles of clothing, such as a tight belt, or dog ears/tail.

Show a film of her in desperate need to pee.

Any two of the above.

Bonus round! For both votes, writing in a detailed answer will count for two votes. For instance:

"Give her an article of clothing" is one vote.

"Give her an article of clothing- make her wear a corset" counts as two.

###

As an additional note, I probably won't do diapers unless they get an overwhelming majority. If that's what everyone wants, I'll try to write it, but no guarantees it'll be as good. Furthermore, it's totally okay to vote the same way as someone but explain it totally differently (say, everyone wants to remove her clothes, but no one agrees on what to remove), as I'll randomly pick from the ties. Lastly, "Any two of the above" must describe which two they vote for in detail, as they are essentially splitting their vote (one for one thing, another for another thing). It's possible for "Any Two" to lose and still influence the vote, in this way.

Julianne is Filling up quickly, Overconfident, and Dry. She is wearing Jeans and a Belt. She finished a very large diuretic lemonade 25 minutes ago.

Faye needs to pee and is filling, is frustrated, and Dry. She is wearing an Extremely Short Skirt and Pink Panties. She finished a very large diuretic lemonade 45 minutes ago.

