Bad Timing To Be Bursting

Author: Trembleholder

*000*2021-04-29 22:31

First story but read enough on here to produce something most definitely Decent.

Gripping the sides of the seat till her knuckles turned white, sat a squirming Maisie. Waking up early that morning with a dry throat and impulsively gulping down a litre of bottled water, had ultimately made her bladder heavy to begin with. To then follow it up with a glass of orange juice and tap water made Maisie's pee hole instinctively tense up and quiver. If anything all she wanted to do was run to the bathroom and release her pent up pee. But no instead she sat at the kitchen table, watching her mother fry eggs and rambling on about the latest internet craze she didn't quite understand.

She wanted to hold it, it made her rather dull life that much more exciting. And plus it felt fantastic. By the time she had eaten her breakfast and started walking towards the school bus stop, her hands kept wanting to press against her groin. 'Ugh fuck i really gotta wee,i'm totally gonna burst here!' . She thought that by maybe sitting down on the metal bench would make the pressure of her strained bladder lessen, quickly she sat down, a jolt stabbed its way up her abdomen. She shouldn't have worn that skirt today, the cold temperature of the seat hit her legs and backside instantly , shocking the system and making Maisie wee wee dance spasticly.

'Shit ah!!' a drop of golden hot liquid leaked out and created a slight damp spot on the lining of her underwear. 'I can't hold this much longer!' . Just as she thought this the bus arrived, getting on with all the loud screeching kids made dread and panic spread inside her, if she wee's herself here she would never hear the last of it. Sitting down by the window she looked out upon trees and bushes, all places she'd love to run behind and release the boiling piss inside of her. She was utterly desperate by now, inconspicuously grabbing her kickers under her skirt, pressing her pee hole in hopes it would aid her problem, while starting to jig her legs up and down. She had to get to the school toilets soon!

Just then the bus stood still. And it stood, and stood, and stood. Confusion spread around the bus, another trickle of liquid seeped out of Maisie. The bus driver stood up and announced a nasty car accident had apparently blocked up the road ahead, welcoming those aboard to either wait for it be be cleared or set of walking. As other commuters made their decision Maisie stood up and desperately walked to the front of the bus. 'I need to find somewhere NOW!' sprinting down the road to a small park,away from the other kids an the usual route to school she grabbed her kickers and scanned the foliage for a place to wee.

Jumping into a long row of tall bushes she yanked down her knickers, a few squirts of piss leaking out in the process. Throwing them to the side, she stood legs apart, threw her head back and her groin forward and released. Her pee hole opened, a gushing hard stream erupted from out of it , hitting the ground with such velocity it made a dent in the mud. Maisie Moaned in complete relief, watching the desperate ,strong arch of her piss shoot out of her at high speed. ' oh fuck i really gotta wee!'. After several minutes the stream started to slow down, ending in several long trickles and a sigh from Maisie.

Putting back on her knickers she walked to school. Her friends wondering the reason for the grin plastered across her face when she got there.

