(16) Escaping

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-25 08:53

Draco waited and waited but Sirius didn't come back, neither did Wormtail.

He didn't know how much time had passed but his bladder was about to explode right now. He wasn't feeling that nauseous anymore but he still felt bad. They wanted him to help to kill Harry...

He just couldn't think about it. He didn't know what to do. He knew Sirius would get very mad if he didn't do it....He told him to think about it... What did he mean by that? What would happen if he said no?

Draco just didn't know it anymore. He was so tired but he couldn't fall asleep, the pressure in his bladder was way too bad. It really was hurting him now. He couldn't hold it anymore....Draco squirmed but it didn't help, his bladder was throbbing and he felt some warm pee drip in his underwear. Oh no... He was going to have an accident... Not again!

He panicked as he felt his boxers getting damp. 'Ohhh...' He couldn't help it and moaned.

In a wave of panic he pulled hard at the rope that held his hands together but again it didn't move. He wanted to be able to use his hands. Only to hold himself... So he could make it...

Draco was getting mad. Why didn't Sirius come back? He told him he would...The blonde boy felt worse than ever and he just wanted to cry. And pee. He just wanted to pee. He had to go so so bad.He tried and crossed his legs, maybe that would help a little...Five more minutes passed. Draco's bladder was literally bursting. Holding it caused him so much pain, he just couldn't take it anymore. Just when he wanted to let go, to be finally relieved, the door opened.

Sirius came in.'Draco...sorry it took so long. Me and Wormtail...had an argument...anyways that's none of your business. You still feeling sick?'Draco nodded his head.'I still need to use the bathroom. Badly. I thought you'd come back earlier.'Sirius ignored Draco's comment and just looked at him.'You're all dirty. You should take a shower...'Draco gave him an annoyed look.'I'd love to. Sadly I can't.''Who says you can't? I'll let you if you come with me.'Draco just looked at him.Sirius walked up to him and started to untie Draco's hands.

Draco felt excitement go through his body as he did, the fact that he was already one step closer to a bathroom made his heart beat faster, and made his bladder cramp even worse.

He had to squeeze his legs together to prevent himself from having an accident.

'Listen to me, Draco. I do this once. If you don't behave it will be the first and last time. Understand?'Draco just nodded his head. He just wanted Sirius to hurry now!'Fine.'When Draco was fully untied from the chair Sirius walked to the door. 'Are you going to get up or what?'Draco gave him a desperate look. He knew his bladder wouldn't take it when he got up. Oh come on! He had to try. Draco took a deep breath and got up. His bladder cramped badly and he peed a little but he managed to hold it. Thank god.

He could finally go to the bathroom...and take a shower. It would feel good cause he really felt gross wearing his pants where he pissed in earlier.

'Follow me.' Sirius said when he opened the door.Draco didn't say anything and followed Sirius with small steps. He couldn't walk faster cause he knew his bladder would totally lose it then. It was hurting so bad, Draco had to try hard not to cry.Then they finally arrived at a door.Sirius looked at him.'You have twenty minutes okay? I'll come back and unlock the door then.'

Draco was shaking and he wasn't really listening but he just nodded his head which made it look like he was. He really was about to pee his pants right now....The pee was gonna flow... He could feel he was at his total limit now and he panicked.Come on, Draco. Hold on! He tried to tell himself. It won't take long anymore now...'Good.Go.' Sirius commanded him.Draco got into the bathroom and before he could even look around Sirius locked the door behind him.'Remember to hurry!' He said before walking away.

Draco didn't answer and turned around.The bathroom looked very dirty and old, damaged as well. There was a sink and a mirror against the wall, a shower with an old shower curtain and a window. An old chair.Draco panicked when he realized there was no toilet in the room. Come on....Was Sirius being serious?!Draco bit his lip and squirmed. He had to keep holding it then...even though it was killing him. Wasn't it dangerous to hold your pee for so long? He didn't want to think about it and started to undress. He did it slowly because he felt exhausted, like he had to use all the energy he had left just to hold in his pee.

After he took of his shoes and his robe he unbuttoned his grey trousers and took them off as well. He squeezed his thighs together when another -very horrible- wave of desperation hit him. Oh god... He couldn't remember when he ever had to pee this bad.

Draco now took off his shirt and lastly his boxers. He was cold and shaking. The last thing probably because he was so desperate.The blonde boy slowly got in the shower and closed the curtain behind him.

He tried to relax but he couldn't since he knew the running water would cause his bladder to completely let go.He took a deep breath and turned on the water. It was cold and Draco shivered.

He tried his best to not listen to the sound of the running water but he just couldn't take it.

He didn't want it to happen but he couldn't hold it back. Even though he found it extremely gross to do right now, he grabbed himself down there - that was the last thing he could possible do to keep himself from peeing but it didn't help.

Draco squeezed his penis so hard it hurt him but he couldn't hold it back. The pee started running down his legs....it felt warm and Draco started shaking even more. Ohhhh. Letting go after so long felt so good!He closed his eyes again and just let go. He knew he couldn't do anything else, it was too late to try and stop himself. Even if he would, it wouldn't work because his bladder was so sore.

He had to go so badly. It felt like he kept peeing forever. The warm pee ran down his legs, down the shower drain. When he finally was done Draco opened his eyes again and looked down.

He felt like he was about to cry. He just peed in the shower...he had never done that before.

He used to think it was very gross, he still did but it really was an accident. He didn't mean to do it, it just happened. He couldn't keep holding it forever...

Draco quickly rinsed himself - especially his crotch area and legs, wet his hair when he suddenly realized he needed to use his time properly.

He could get away...

Draco turned off the water and got out of the shower. He was all wet and even more cold but at least his bladder was empty. He could think clearer now. He grabbed a towel that was laying by the sink. Malfoy did his best to not think about who had used this towel before because it would make him nauseous again.When he was all dry he quickly put on his clothes again and looked around. The window. It was pretty high and he wasn't that tall but there was an old chair...

Draco didn't know if it was a good idea to stand on the chair since it looked like it was about to break. He decided that this was the only way to possibly get out. He just had to do it. Before he did, Draco looked at the door again. How long till Sirius came back? Ten minutes? Or less? He didn't know. He had to hurry and it made him nervous.

He got his wet hair out of his face and walked to the chair, picked in up and placed it right under the window. He looked up at the window and realized it was pretty small as well...He was skinny enough though...Just do it okay?He had to do his best to not think about anything and just focus on escaping. Maybe this was his only chance....Draco stood on the chair, it was all wonky and he didn't know for how long he could do this. Just calm down okay!He reached to the window and tried to open it, but the handle didn't move. It was stuck. Seriously? Of course it was! This would be way too easy! Draco tried again but the handle still didn't move.He sighed. How he wished he had his wand with him now. He wondered where it was. He had probably lost it in the Forbidden Forest when Wormtail grabbed him.Draco felt weak without his wand, only now he realized how much it meant to him.He looked at the window again. Then at the door. Did he heard footsteps? He had to hurry!

Suddenly he looked down at his shoes. His shoe...he got off the chair and untied his shoe and took it off. Draco got on the chair again and it now was even more wonky than before, ready to break. He held his shoe and bashed it hard into the window.

Again.

The window broke.

Glass fell everywhere and a piece of glass cut his hand which caused it to bleed but Draco ignored it.He put on his shoe again and stood on the chair for the last time looking at the window when he suddenly did heard voices.

'Don't worry, Wormtail. I'll get him this far. When he comes back I'll give him a glass of water and I'll put a sleeping pill in it. He won't be able to remember what happened and we will be able to brainwash him!' They both started laughing. Draco shivered. He had to get away. Now!And he didn't have much time.

Standing on the wonky chair, Draco grabbed the window tablet and jumped. This caused the chair to fall and make a lot of noise. Shit...Draco panicked and tried to get on the window tablet but he was weak and tired. This wasn't working.... Come on!He could hear the voices getting closer and he got even more nervous, causing his hands to sweat. Come on, Draco hurry!With all the force he had left he managed to get on the window tablet and he wanted to get out of the window when he suddenly realized it was pretty high...He was not on the ground floor but probably the second floor of the house.

He could hear them talking clearly and he knew he had to hurry before it was too late.

Draco looked down. He was scared. Should he do it?... It was his only chance...'Of course, Wormtail. Trust me.'Sirius was now standing right behind the door.

Draco knew he didn't have any other choice. He looked down once again and then let go of the window and jumped...

...

