Rachel Amber's Desperate Train Ride

Author: Tali'zorah

*000*2018-02-22 05:05

I don’t own any rights to life is strange, also, this is my first contribution to this cite, so, please do enjoy, and feel free to comment and critique. To those who have played through Life is Strange: Before the Storm, I am starting with Chloe and Rachel on the train, written in Rachel’s Point of View. Also, for the sake of this piece, and for my own comfort, Rachel, Chloe, and anyone else I may mention are 18+ and instead of it being a Highschool, Blackwell is a college. Sorry for the length, I kinda just went with the flow.

Rachel’s desperate train ride

$$

I had just jumped on a train, with Chloe Price. I am ditching school, with Chloe Price. She is such a rebel, and I really don’t see what people have against her. She has no shame, hell, I was changing, and she walked in. I mean, I don’t mind, at all. I was just hoping to visit the restroom before she came in to give me my belt. But, perhaps it was Hella entertaining to see her walk in on me. She was definitely looking. But, that doesn’t change the fact that I didn’t get a chance to pee before coming on this train. I am sure I can hold it longer though, I just don’t want her to know. I just hope I can find a way to escape just long enough to find some relief with out drawing attention.

The train suddenly shakes, and my need rises. When was the last time I went, cause, shit, I need to go. I notice Chloe looking over, I sit on the wooden box looking out of the train.

“Pull up a chair Price, the view is amazing”

“K…. Where is this going?”

“I don’t know.” I cross my legs, not only to hide my need, but also to help hold it in. I need to go. Bad. “North? Maybe we will end up in Seattle!”

Why did I wear jeans? If worst came to worst, if I wore my costume, or even some black sweats, may have been able to hide it did I did the worst thing imaginable, piss myself in front of the girl I actually really like. Not gonna lie, I hadn’t peed since last night, not cause I was lazy, but because I was too busy planning for today, and also, Fire walk. Damn, I want to catch my father in the act, but how bad would it be if I stop him, hate him for it, in soaked jeans. Shit, I really need to go. And Chloe, what will she think? What if she hates me for wetting myself like a little kid. I should have included a bathroom break in my plan. I have needed to pee since, god, since Firewalk.

My bladder trembles as I start clenching at my crotch, How close am I really to pissing myself?

“Rachel, you ok?” I look up to see a concerned look on chloe’s face, with maybe, a twist of something else?

“Yeah, I’m fine, I just, I don’t know. Did you find a seat yet?”

“Yeah, right here. Rachel, are you sure you are ok? You look like you need to-”

“I said I was ok Price.” I gasp as a little bit comes out, Why didn’t I fucking go before getting on this train.

“I think your lying to me. Rachel, When was the last time you-”

“I think we should do something fun.” I decide to sit in the floor, doing everything I can to hold it in. But what Chloe said next Startled me,

“V-Card’s been punched, Rachel. I’m sorry.”

That was enough that some more came out. And took me everything not to lose complete control. “Wow” I honestly was thinking of two truths and a lie, but, like I said before, this girl has no shame. I’m sure if she were in my position she would have just told me.

“Too far?”

“Well, I don’t know.”

“I see it caused you to, uh.”

I look down to see a baseball sized patch on my crotch. “Yeah, I have needed to pee since, well, last night.”

“You think you can make it until we get to, umm, wherever we are going.”

“There isn’t even a bathroom there Price. I really don’t know.”

“Rachel…. I”

“Forget it Chloe, I just need to figure out what to do.”

Things were silent for some time. I need to go so bad. How do I relieve myself without peeing myself in front of Chloe? Think Rachel, Think.

“Hey, Rachel, I…… I think you should just.”

“Do what Chloe? I’m on the verge of peeing myself. No one my age should even. Oh god Chloe.” I then notice her look down. Chloe was hiding something. “Just tell me Chloe.”

She finally gives in. “I think you should just go right there. Honestly, You will feel better.”

I was in shock, She thinks I should just do what I was avoiding doing. But, I can’t be mad at her. She can’t hide it from me. She wants to see me do this. I honestly want to just willingly let go, but, not with her there. “Chloe Price, You’re hella weird.”

Her eyes go wide, “Shit, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be weird, I just want to help and-”

“Relax Chloe. So, when did you start to like to see people like me in this state?“

“What! No I Don’t!”

“You can’t lie to me, Chloe.” God I need to go, so badly. “So, mind telling me something else about yourself? I could use a distraction from my bursting bladder.”

“Well, I’m not really that interesting.” There is a pause as she tries desperately to change the topic. Meanwhile I’m trying desperately not to piss myself. Not yet anyway. “Well, It’s nice Rachel we’re having.”

I laugh, “What!?” It hurts to hold it in. In fact, it seems I let a little more out. Enough to make the patch a tad bit larger. I notice Chloe’s eyes bulge a it, well that and her comment.

“Uh, I meant Weather. Nice weather. And, uh. yeah.”

It almost seems ok to let it go knowing she would enjoy it, but I still can’t just let go. I have always been Bladder shy, guess I never really noticed it until she wanted me to just release on command. However, laughing did help release a bit. “Chloe, I need to go so bad.”

“Why not just let go. Might make the rest of our trip to….. mystery place, easier.”

“Hella easier.”

“Hella? Who says that anymore?”

“It’s a Cali thing.”

“California?”

“Long beach, Also Ambidextrous.”

“No Shit.”

“I was going to use them in a game of two truths and a lie, but it looks like my bladder had other plans.”

“How bad do you need to go anyway?”

“Very, It hurts to hold it in.”

“Just let it go. I don’t like seeing you in pain.”

“I can’t, even if I try I won’t be able to with, well, other people around. besides, as much as you don’t like me in pain, you sure don’t mind walking into my dressing room without flowers.”

“You wanted a belt, perhaps if you loosen it or tighten it you could.”

“No, I think I should just make a deal with you Price.”

“Excuse me?”

“It seems that when I laugh I am able to relieve myself, as I know you saw.”

“Umm. So I make you laugh and you wet, right?”

“Deal is, I let you find my one ticklish spot, and let you see me pee myself if you promise me that before we both head back home, you piss yourself.”

“Rachel Amber, You are hella weird. I promise.”

“Pinky Promise?”

We locked pinkies. Things are turning out better than I thought, my biggest mistake, What I thought might be the way things ended with her, this may be how we bond. I never thought I, at my age, would be peeing myself, and maybe liking it?

“Well, I guess this is our game now. Where is Rachel Amber ticklish. One right answer. Feel free to search away.”

I am most ticklish on my feet. Which is why I never wear sandals or flipflops. I don’t want people seeing my most valuable parts, except when I am on stage. When I am Prospera, I don’t mind being barefoot. I only want the right people looking at them for the right reasons, like if Chloe were to look at them when I need to pee this bad. But I still tend to try to get shoes on as soon as possible because I swear the next time I catch someone staring at my feet. Except Chloe, and maybe even Steph Gingrich, the nerd lesbian in our school. I wonder how she would have responded to this situation. Not in the way Chloe has I am sure. God Chloe, quit starring, just start searching.

“So, my first guess is….” She starts scanning my body, I swear she was purposefully staring at my chest a couple of time. A natural Chloe Price move. “Armpits.”

I take off my flannel shirt and lift my arms up. “Try it yourself.”

She starts scratching, but to no avail. It might kill my bladder, but the tease is on.

“Damn, sides?” She lifts up my shirt enough to access my sides. My bladder is Aching. Come on Chloe, I really need the relief.

“How bout this. You guess this next time, I tell you the story of any other people on campus I saw wet.” I wink “Might have a certain someone at fire walk on that list.”

She perks up, “I did not!”

“If you guess right, you just may find out.”

“Shit, okay… umm…” She reaches over and starts untying my shoes. Relief here I come. “You must be ticklish here Rachel.”

She starts taking off shoes and socks. And my bladder is just dying of anticipation. She found my relief. All I can do is smile. “Try it out Price, today may just be your lucky day.”

As soon as she starts scratching I scream out in laughter. My bladder lets spurts out little at a time until I stop Chloe, because finally, my bladder wont stop emptying.

So much relief. I can’t help but cry as the pain starts slowly going away. I stand up and allow Chloe the show that she had been dying to see. Feeling the warmth run down my legs, soaking up every spot it came across. It was amazing, and now I am questioning why I never tried this before. All was silent, except for the sound of urine pouring down to the floor. Once the stream died down to a pitter-patter, and then halted, Chloe spoke up.

“I am so sorry for putting you through this. You really must have needed to go and-”

“Chloe Price, you don’t need to be sorry. Besides, you still owe me a wetting yourself. And lets hope you aren’t pee shy like I am, cause that is painful.”

“Oh, yeah. And you owe me stories. Oh, and don’t worry, no pee shyness here.”

There was silence for quite some time. I look at the damage. The entire back side is soaked and so is most of the front. Honestly, if this were to have happened in front of anyone else, I would have been embarrassed. But not with Chloe. She just continued to stare at my mess in awe. I decide to speak up

“It, actually felt pretty nice. You might be seeing a lot more of this out of me Chloe.”

She smiles, “Rachel Amber, you look hot in those soaked jeans.”

“How hot?”

“Hella Hot.”

We laugh as my piss stained jeans glistened in the sun light entering the train.

I looked out, and saw the park my father would be going to be, presumably. “We’re here!”

“Where?”

“Jump and find out!”

“What about the stories?”

“I’ll tell you as you start to show signs of desperation.”

“Alright, Fuck it.”

Chloe jumped out, I follow, hoping this day will only get more and more interesting.

Once again, sorry about the length. If the demand is high enough I may continue this. Who has Rachel seen wet? Could she have been behind the reason behind some of them? How will Rachel react to seeing Chloe peeing herself? And who was it at Firewalk that Rachel saw piss themself?

$$

*003*2018-02-22 15:58

{{6 hours ago, JLH99 said:

Controversial topic, but do y'all think Rachel was actually in love with Chloe?

}}

I think she was, but that Chloe wasn't the only one she loved. Planning on adding Steph in as another interest for Rachel in this particular series, and might just go off canon. But, honestly, I think that just like anyone else, it is possible for her to fall in love with more than one person.

*005*2018-02-23 17:06

{{7 hours ago, JLH99 said:

I agree, but am also conflicted. On one hand, she and Chloe stayed together for the 3 years after Before the Storm. On the other hand she tried several times to get out of the Bay without Chloe, even going as far as asking a trucker for a ride out.

}}

Did she though? Remember, Frank did say that he knew that Rachel would one day leave with Chloe.

*007*2018-02-24 07:47

{{4 hours ago, JLH99 said:

Yeah, great games nonetheless. Great writing on your part too, forgot to even commend you the first time.

}}

Thanks. Plan to continue as soon as I get the chance.

*009*2018-02-24 18:47

{{3 hours ago, Robbiebvb said:

The story i been waiting for ❤️❤️❤️

}}

Exactly why I took initiative and decided to write. I mean, how can we have a character as amazing as Rachel Amber and not have a story on here for her?

*013*2018-03-07 03:50

Still in the process of making the next part. Like has been busy. But should be up soon.

*015*2018-03-08 02:49

Here’s the next part. Hope you all enjoy, and once again, send any comments and/or critiques. The more advise you give, the better content I can give. Enjoy!

I jump off the train. The wind is blowing, and these soaked jeans feel hella amazing on me. Honestly, how could I have been missing this my entire life? Anyway, we are walking up to this park, yet, I am in the mood for a game. Not the type of game where she feels up and down my body trying to find a ticklish part, but more one that got to know us a little more. Well, either Chloe, or her want to see me and others like me soaked with our own urine.

“So, since it is quite a trek up to our destination, I suggest another game.”

“You sure like games.”

“What can I say, I am a fun person.”

“Okay, so what game?”

“I would say Truth or Dare, but we don’t have enough to do any dares.”

“I’m sure I can MacGyver something up.”

“Not the point Price, not the point at all.”

I continue walking somewhat ahead, letting peripheral vision see Chloe watching over my ‘accident’. It’s honestly adorable. I wonder if Steph would react the same way. Would she? Or would she never want to see me again? At least I would have Chloe, for at least as long as I stay here. There isn’t much here.

“So, Truth or Truth. I’m game. Who wants to start?”

“Me, clearly.”

“Alright, How do we play.”

“We take turns asking each other questions. You have to answer my questions honestly, Same goes for me. You ask me a question, I answer honestly.”

“Ok, got it. So, what question do you have?”

“Let’s see.” All the questions I want to ask her. I would love to find out more about this love of wetting she seems to have, but also to learn more about her. “How many people, including me, have you seen wet themselves?”

“Two, you and Max.”

“Max? Max who?” Max, wonderful name. Wonder how she looked when she peed herself in front of Chloe.

“My best friend, well, ex-best friend. She moved to Seattle and cut all contact with me. Exactly what I needed, especially after, you know, my father died.”

“I…… am sorry to hear that Chloe.”

“Hold up. My question now.” So, clearly she doesn’t want to touch on that subject. Fair enough I guess, I haven’t even told her about my father, and how I almost kissed her after I wet myself. I swear, if it gets out that I like girls, well, the name Rachel Amber wouldn’t be the face of a pretty type of popular. Not that I should give a fuck. I just don’t know which would be more horrifying for the school to find out, that I like girls like Chloe, or that I peed myself and liked it. “So, Rachel. When was the last time you peed yourself, minus just recently.” She is still looking. She is looking and likes what she sees.

“Hmm, last year I think. I was in the car with my father, a road trip of some kind. I had to go hella bad, but with no rest stops in the area, my dad told me it would be ok if I didn’t make it. I guess it was a couple minutes after that that my dam broke and my jeans got soaked. It felt weird and embarrassing…. And good.”

“Wow. So, is it normal for you to wet?”

“Not really. Last one before that was in elementary school.”

“I see.”

“My turn?”

Chloe turns to face me, and not at my soaked pants. “Yeah, what do you have in store for me Rachel?”

“Well. I guess I may as well be the one to stray off the more interesting concept, but, Do you like girls?”

“What?” Chloe exclaimed

“You heard me. What’s your type Price?”

“Besides you?”

And she admits it. “Aren’t I everyone’s type though?”

She scoffs “Ha! Yeah, especially Victoria ‘Little Miss Perfect’ Chase.”

“Yeah, ok.” I pause as I look at her, letting my peripheral vision notice her shifting. I speak again when I notice her hands dig into her crotch “No. I kinda made her piss herself on more than one occasion.”

“Ok Rachel. I thought you were gonna wait until I was showing signs to tell me anything.”

“Look where your hands are Price.”

She lets go in shock. “Shit! Yeah, I need to go. So, spill it. The perfect Victoria Chase peeing herself. How did you make her go like that.”

“Easy really. One time I locked all the doors to the bathrooms, I’m sure you remember that day. Last year it was. Victoria wasn’t the only one who wet that day. I almost did but I barely made it home in time. Think I started peeing myself the moment I closed the bathroom door.” Of course

“Yeah, She wasn’t. I did to you know.”

“It’s a pity I didn’t see.” What did Chloe look like then, with soaked jeans. Looks like I am going to find out. I wish she peed herself at firewalk, but that was a random drunk girl

“Wow.”

“Too far?” I hope not. I really hope it isn’t to far. She already needs to pee, just need to wait until she decides to go in her pants.

“Not at all. Besides, you’re gonna see it today anyway.”

“You better hold it for a while.”

“Planning on it.”

We both laugh. Never in my entire life did I think that I would be having a good time over peeing myself. I mean, I guess I have always enjoyed seeing others do so. Who have I made piss themselves? Victoria, soon to be Chloe, Dana and Juliet, that was a fun play rehersal, Steph, yeah, that was one hella hot wetting, may even give Chloe a run for her money.

“So, care to share an experience you had seeing a wetting?”

“Oh, Hella yeah. Anyone in particular you are curious to see if I saw?”

“Samantha Meyers?”

“No, not yet. Still need a plan to see that happen.”

“Just get her into a really good book, chances are the book will be more important than the bathroom.”

“I may just need to try that Price. How bout tomorrow?”

“It would be Saturday tomorrow.”

“And? The weekend never stops a bladder.” She is staring at my wet patch again. “Like what you see?”

“WHAT! No, I mean yes, uh, I mean.”

“You mean I look hella hot like this and it should become a more normal look?”

“Yeah.”

“As long as you do the same Price, I say, why the hell not.”

“So, how about Steph?”

“What?”

“Have you seen Steph piss herself?”

“Yes actually. Yes.”

“Do tell.”

“Well,”

I tell her the story as it runs through my head.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

I sit there, watching from a distance as Steph plays her dice game with Mikey. She is such a nerd, and at this point a desperate one to. She’s exclaiming wildly something to Mikey as her hand jams into the crotch of her jeans. Damn, that dedicated to your game are you Steph? As the game goes on longer and longer, she needs to pee more and more. Eventually it either ended or got called to break. Steph notices me and walks up to me.

“Hey Rach.”

“Hey Steph.”

“How’s everything going?”

“Alright, just tried out for the tempest. Almost pissed myself from fear.”

Steph tenses up at hearing that, “That would be funny if I weren’t about to piss myself. Any idea where the nearest bathroom is?”

“Nowhere you would be able to get to in time. Honestly your pants may be your best option.”

“Wow, I, ok. Yeah. Not sure how to feel about it, but, here goes nothing.”

She stood there for a bit, and then it came. The small patch on her jeans grew and grew. I cannot help but enjoy this. Perhaps I do have a thing for seeing this? As she finishes up feeling the warmth that I felt on the train, She speaks up,

“Not a word to anyone. Especially not Mikey.”

“You got it.”

“At least it was only you who saw it Rachel. I- god this is embarrassing.”

I stand up and hug her, “Accidents happen Steph, don’t worry.”

“I know, it’s just that, I shouldn’t be at this age.”

“Hey, what if I pee myself in front of you at some point? Would that help?”

“Maybe.” Steph wipes her beautiful eyes, but then smiles “But only if you want to.”

~~~~~~~~~~

“Wow.” Chloe stands there, fists in crotch trying to hold it in. “Sounds like she’s actually pretty chill about all this.”

“Yeah, Forgot I actually made that promise.”

“You should totally keep that promise.”

“Hell yeah. Will do tomorrow.”

“Don’t you have that play tomorrow?”

“Yeah.”

That’s when my phone goes off. It’s Steph.

###

Hey! Why aren’t you in class?

Ditched today.

Train ride to a random

Park.

Cool. You’re alone?

No. with Chloe.

Cool. So, have been meaning to ask,

You remember that time I peed myself

In front of you?

Yeah. Was just thinking

About it actually.

Well, any chance you are planning on

Peeing yourself in front of me?

Planning on it.

Actually just did today.

In front of Chloe? But not me?

I didn’t mean to.

Just hadn’t gone since last

Night

Damn. Well, I have a serious question.

What would that be?

Do you like to see girls like me pee

Ourselves? Not gonna judge, just very

Much seems like it.

###

I stand there in shock. Should I actually admit this to her? I mean, yes I do. And I am about to see Chloe do this today. It was both me and Steph that caused Dana and Juliet to wet during rehearsal, mainly as a fun prank. I did tell her about my many ‘revenge’ pranks I pulled on Victoria. Which lead to her to wet herself more times than once. I make a decision. I shoot Steph the quick text “Yes” and put my phone away. Did I really just do that? Did I really just admit that truth to not only her but myself?

“So, Chloe, I am wondering. When was the last time that you pissed yourself?”

She thinks for a bit. “Last week. Wearing jeans as usual. Not really accidental either, just a nice way to say fuck you to the school.”

“Wait, you did this in class?”

“Yeah. Wasn’t really paying attention at all. Victoria was hogging the Hall pass like always, so, I decided, fuck it, I’m doing this.”

“She is such a bitch.”

“Jokes on her. I slipped a diuretic in her drink. Needless to say, I wasn’t the only one to wet in class. Her skirt looked better soaked to be honest.”

“Hella better.”

My phone buzzes again, reading Steph’s name. And my heart races as I open the message.

*018*2018-03-08 22:08

{{11 hours ago, JLH99 said:

This takes place in the past right? So including something from the present makes this scene confusing.

There's one small thing which is more personal taste than a critique: you were a bit over indulgent with the number of wettings this chapter. I think it should be more of a treat within a story, not the bulk of it.

But, im still digging this, and hope you continue.

}}

Takes place in the past, but it is still Rachel telling Chloe.

Also, yeah, I can easily back off of it some on the wetting. Just wanted to give a lot of what was seen just to give a taste of the stories we will hear in the future.

Glad you are enjoying it.

*020*2018-03-14 18:55

{{5 hours ago, Robbiebvb said:

Next part? ?

}}

As soon as I get out of writers block. Also working on another story to put on here. One about Luna Lovegood.

*023*2018-03-19 00:22

{{6 hours ago, Robbiebvb said:

Anything Life Is Strange related should totally be omorashi :)

}}

Hella yeah.

