Wetting challenge on a plane? With friends!

Author: Tsuki

*000*2019-12-03 17:25

The current local time in Texas,USA is 8:37a.m..This flight to Nagoya,Japan will last approximately 17 hours and 4 minutes. I wish you all a nice flight.

After the radio ended, Lorielle holds against her crotch. Not tight but also not soft.

Her last wee was from yesterday, when she drank lots of coke at McRonald’s and she finally releases them all at home. She never felt such amazing relief ever in her entire life.

’Lori? Lori?’ Asked Aria, her friend that she knew thirteen years ago.

‘Ah,I am fine.’ Lorielle finally raise up her head and looked at Aria.

Isabella, right next to Aria asked ‘Well Lori, do you need to use the bathroom now? The plane will not stop for 17 hours, if you use it during the flight, it will cause discomfort to other passengers.’ Isabella is always that “Mom” friend of the girls.

’Nah,I will be alright. I am already 17..’Lorielle mumbled. ‘I will not wee on my seat..’

’Well, let’s see then..!’ Aria replied with a smirk on her face, making her emerald green eyes look bigger.

The plane slowly float up to the air.

‘Well bruh, no WiFi now.’ Aria said. ‘I am bored. Isa, are you up to a challenge?’

‘Okay, what is it?’ Asked Isabelle curiously.

’Let’s do the wetting challenge, let’s drink a fuckton of drinks and see who is going to hold it for the longest! Whoever leaks first is going to relieve all their wee right on the seat. And the rest gets to wee in a empty water bottle!’ Aria said.

’I am not doing it! If I los-‘ cried Isabelle. ‘Please...just this once!’ Begged Aria. Isabelle obligingly accepts.

’Are you doing this also Lori?’ Aria looked at Lorielle, wondering if she will join in.

’Okay! No problem’ Lorielle is very stubborn, she doesn’t wanna get shamed.

Aria instantly took out 15 bottles of water. ‘Here! 5 bottles of water for each of us!’

’5 fucking bottles?’ Lorielle was literally screaming inside.

3 2 1, challenge started!

Aria chugs in 2 bottles of water once! And is doing it very fast!

Isabelle was drinking the first bottle, very slowly.

Lorielle was looking nervously at the 5 500mL bottles of liquid. No need to drink, only thinking makes her want to wee more.

AN HOUR LATER

Lorielle zips down her pants slightly,peeking at her baby pink panties. ‘What if I lost the challenge? Ari will be laughing at me and I will be doomed!’

She looks at Aria, who is only fidgeting.

She looks more forward, witnessing Isabelle squishing her crotch through her checkered green dress.

HALF AN HOUR LATER

Aria accidentally let out her warm, honey yellow wee from the water gates. Her white shorts became quite transparent. Lorielle saw her dark purple panties by her bare sight. Surprised that someone had a smaller bladder than her.

’I...lost?’ Aria cried with disbelief.

’Yes you indeed! I haven’t used the bathroom since yesterday night! Ha!’ Lorielle let out a smile.

Aria instantly let out the rest of her wee.Making the seat from light blue to a damp, royal blue. Some wee even dribble down the seat.Forming a mini puddle of warm liquid.

’Okay...here’s the bottle-LORI? AHAHA-‘ Aria bursted a laugh while she tries to give Lorielle a empty bottle for her to pee in. But in fact, she had already let out all her wee from last night. And is making the wee puddle larger.

’Don’t look!’ Said Isabelle.Trying to let her pussy touch the bottle and pee in. She peed in the bottle with a poor aim. She peed some on her panties. The bottle filled up very fast. The pee reach out and spilled on the floor. The puddle is enormous—and it smells bad.

This is probably the most unforgettable experience on a plane in their life.

###

Hi! This is my first fic I have ever wrote in my life. You can give this some criticism or tackle my grammar LOL

Thank you for reading ‘til the end! Say if you want a part 2! ^^

