Backyard Bladder Troubles

Author: Trickling Down

*000*2017-10-31 05:40

Hey guys, Penny's back! I have a new story for you, fresh out of development hell! Enjoy!

It was late in the morning, and Penny was having breakfast and watching Saturday cartoons on TV, while Holly and Zara were playing FIFA's FUT Draft in Holly's room.

"Now for the final," Holly said, as the other team's players came up on screen.

"That's a lot of blue cards," Zara observed.

"Ronaldo, Messi, Suarez, Ramos..."

"No Chris Wood, though."

"They'll never beat Chris Wood!"

Later, during the match...

"5-0! Chris Wood has a hat trick!" Holly exclaimed.

"There's no way we'll lose now!"

The sisters came away with an 8-0 routing of their ostensibly terrible opponent, and viewed the player packs they got as prizes.

"They really need better prizes for this," Zara said.

"A Team of the Year card would be nice."

They continued playing FIFA for a while, and then the door bell rang, with Zara answering it.

"Hi, Karla!"

"Hi, Zara."

"How are you?"

"I'm great! How are you?"

"I'm good."

Zara brought Karla to Penny and they watched TV together, laughing at the characters on the show and talking about 9 year old things. A few minutes later, another friend showed up to join in.

"Hi Alana!" Penny said.

"Hi Penny!"

The three girls watched the rest of the TV show, and then a fourth friend showed up.

"Hi Betty!" everyone said.

"Hi everyone!"

The four girls then went upstairs to Penny's room to play together, and Holly and Zara went to prepare lunch.

"Put that piece on there."

"No, put it there."

"If you put it here, it'll look like a plane."

Penny and her friends were playing with Lego, building mini animals and mini planes and playing with them. Occasionally, someone would pick up a stuffed toy and pretend to destroy all the Lego creations and the Lego people. Alana picked up a Lego plane, stood up, and moved and spun around, having the plane fly really fast. Her legs were close together and her hips were swaying, giving the plane an erratic flight path, and her other hand was on her upper thigh. Penny then took another plane and crashed it into Alana's, tackled Alana to the ground, and started tickling her. Alana wormed around, laughing and screaming, and Karla and Betty joined in the fun too. The tickling went on for what seemed like ages, before the girls resumed with the Lego and teddies, Alana fidgeting periodically. A while later, Zara came in to the room and called them down for lunch, Alana standing up cross legged before going downstairs.

The girls arrived to plates of macaroni and cheese and party pies, and dug in enthusiastically. There were also jugs of coloured cordial, which the girls liked very much, and Penny especially had lots of it. After they finished their lunch, they went to the backyard and played more games. Penny and Karla brought wands with them and the girls pretended to be magical people, with even Holly and Zara joining in. Zara noticed that Alana was very hyper, even more than the others, and suspected that she needed to pee. She wondered when Alana would actually go to the bathroom, and her squirming reminded Zara of her own need to pee.

The young girls were still guzzling cordial, and they continued to run around and cast spells at each other, but with time their bladders filled and their running became squirmier. Karla decided to go pee, but the other three kept playing, not wanting to miss even a little bit. It wasn't long, however, before they were all in dire need of the toilet. Betty was next to go, and she ran off towards the bathroom. Alana and Penny were by now holding themselves, but neither made any move toward the bathroom. Karla cast a pretend spell and Alana and Penny were blown to the ground. Penny got up easily, but Alana's bladder made her much slower. They then walked over to Zara to get more cordial.

"Penny! This is your seventh cup of cordial!" Zara said.

"So? I like cordial."

"You must really like it to have seven cups of it."

Penny nodded in response.

"You two seem squirmy. Do you need to pee."

"No," responded Alana.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, Zara."

"If you say so."

Penny and Alana talked for a few minutes while downing their cordials, neither of them capable of staying still, and then ran back to the action. Penny was by now very hyper, but Alana was very stiff in her movement and was clearly struggling against her bladder. The girls kept playing, though, and their bladders got fuller and fuller.

Suddenly, Alana stopped and grabbed herself tightly with both hands. Betty cast a pretend spell on her, but she didn't respond. A growing wet patch appeared on the crotch of Alana's pants. She was frozen in place as spurt after spurt of pee came out of her. Alana tried to hold it in, but the relief was too much for her, and she let go. Wetness spread through Alana's pants until they were thoroughly wet, and relief was plastered on her face as she peed and peed. Seeing Alana's accident proved a tipping point for Penny, as she started to leak into her own pants, but she still refused to go to the bathroom. Then Alana and Karla tickled Penny, resulting in Penny's bladder finally giving up. Penny was writhing under Alana as the tickling continued and the urine kept flowing. Eventually, Penny and Alana were left lying on the ground by the ordeal.

"Pantus washus!" chanted Karla, resulting in laughs all around. Zara and Holly went off to Penny's room to get some clean clothes, and upon their return, Penny and Alana got changed and the girls all went inside. A while and many snacks later, the parents arrived to pick Penny's friends up, none the wiser as to what happened thanks to Alana's new pants being identical to her drenched ones.

"Should we wreck some noobs in Overwatch?" Holly asked.

"Yeah, sure," Zara replied, "but I'm going to the bathroom first. I really need to pee."

"Sure you are. I dare you to hold it until you win a couple of matches. You know it's more fun when you're full."

"Ugh. I hate it when you're right." 

