A word of magic

Author: tanyhunter

*000*2019-10-13 11:22

Hi this is my first time posting, been lurking around for a while, inspired by a great magical fantasy story but discontinued by Lilia, 'A little assistance' :

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/34663-a-little-assistance/?page=5

Hence, I rewrote parts of the story and added new stuff. At first I wrote it for my own enjoyment, but I decided to share it here. Hope you will like it too!

Ringgg...a hand slammed the snooze the button of an alarm clock. Ashley woke up and rubbed her eyes. Crap, it's 8am already? I'm gonna be late for class!

She brushed her teeth and picked her choice of clothing of today: a simple blue top and ... Where did her knee length skirt went? She couldn't find it anywhere in her closet. The school she was in was quite lenient in terms of dress code, a female's skirt may not go below her fingertips with her hands by the side. Failing that, there would be a severe punishment with inclusive of detention .

But all she could find was a dusty pleated white silk skirt that is way too short for her liking. It's her favourite skirt when she was younger, now neglected. It's at least 20cm above her knees, up to her wrist. Falling short of the school rules. Not to mention it's tight and er... A bit translucent. She blushed as the thought of her crush accidentally seeing her lacy pink panties...

She has been neglecting to do her laundry recently. No matter... Its just a day and she had to get to class on time or professor Gord will be angry again.

She shook her head, clearing the thoughts out of her mind. 'I haven't got the time for this. It will have to do. ' she wore her clothes and head to the kitchen for breakfast.

She found a note from her loving mum : prepared a sunny side up and cereal for you, make sure to finish the cartoon of orange juice, it's expiry date is tomorrow. With love, your mum

Ashley glanced inside the cartoon box, half of the cartoon about 500ML remained. Orange juice was her favourite! She chugged the whole carton and finished her breakfast while waiting for the coffee to brew. She glanced at her watch worryingly, should she skip her coffee? She was already late for school, on the other hand she needed the coffee to energise herself before the exams later. 'Wait. A few more minutes couldn't hurt.' She thought to herself.

After quickly drinking her coffee she went out of the house, running to school. All this coffee is making her thirsty. She took out her bottle and chugged absent mindly, almost finishing half of her one litre bottle. Suddenly, Ashley felt a pang in her bladder,reminding her of her impending need to pee. 'Crap, in my rush I forgot to take my morning toilet break. There will be time later... I hope.'

Her school, the Arcane magic academy was a prestigious and well known school in the lands of Lucannia. Three massive buildings formed the campus, block A, where classes are conducted, block B where facilities are located and block C, the staffroom block.

Her call for nature's needs was getting hard to ignore. She rushed for the toilet in block B, but bumped into danial on the way there.

"Hey, Ashley!", Daniel waved at her.

"H... Hi Daniel", she blushed upon seeing her crush walking towards her.

Daniel passed her a purple potion. "Could you test out this potion for me later? It's for improving memory. Don't worry, it's safe this time!" he beamed at her.

"Oh, um I'm not sure-"

"I know I messed up the previous potion but this one works just fine. For guys anyways, I just need a girl to test it out." Daniel pleaded with his puppy eyes.

"Allright, ill drink them later. I need to head to the toil-"

"AWESOME, THANKS A LOT", Daniel hugged her as she face turned beetroot red.

"S... Sure."

"Cya at class later!" Daniel walked away, bouncing with joy.

She quickly gulped down the potion without much thought. So far no effect. 'Oh no, I am gonna be late' No time for toilet she thought as she rushed to class.

"Ahhh. MISS ASHLEY. Late again I see. Stay back after your class ends. ", Professor Gord gave a disapproving look before waving her to sit.

"Sorry Mr Gord, won't happen again.", Ashley quickly took her seat, groaning as it puts pressure on her already full bladder.

Colin, her best friend, glanced at her, unaware of her troubles.

"Ashley, I gotta pee, haven't went since yesterday night, drank too much water.", she whispered.

Ashley saw through the corner of her eyes that Colin was bouncing up and down, shifting her crossed legs constantly.

"Ask for permission to go toilet?", a concerned Ashley asked.

"You know Mr Gord will not allow no matter how urgent, I regretted drinking that bottle of green tea. Your bladder must be empty right? Could you please do a transfer spell? Just a third of my urine to yours and I can last till the end of the day", Colin pleaded.

"Um, I need to-", Ashley nervously replied but got cut off.

"Shhh I know you need to focus on your studies but just this once please?", Colin was on the verge of bursting, with her hands stuck at her crotch.

Ashley was a soft hearted girl and she could not refuse a best friend's request. Her own bladder still has room, and Colin's bladder bulged from her waistline, telltale signs of a full to the brim bladder. 'Its just a third of her urine. I can do this'

She put one hand on her belly and the other on Colin's as she chants the transfer spell.

Ashley winced as her bladder suddenly grows larger, protesting from the sudden amount of urine from another girl. She almost leaked as the force of the pressure pressed against her sphincter muscles struggling to keep contain all the fluid, 'It was not supposed to be this much. I accidentally transfered half instead of a third of her bladder volume to mine.' she bended over and slammed her legs together.

Colin sighed in relief as her bladder relaxed with half the contents gone. "Are you okay?" she asked her best friend, surprised that she looks more urgent.

"Yeap am good, just feeling the need to go toilet." Ashley looked away.

"You will be fine, it's only one third of my urine. Thanks a lot!" she smiled and clapped Ashley in the back.

Ashley strengthened her resolve, intending to last till the end of class. Only Fifteen minutes more. 'Am a big girl, surely I can wait, its not even that urgent.' she lied to herself, glancing at the clock, willing to it go faster.

