Following my domme's orders

Author: ThreadbareOmo

*000*2023-09-17 08:22

It wasn't an unusual text -- at least, by my domme's standards.

"Did you already pee this morning? Because it was your last for a while."

Of all the little games we had played since we met, bladder control was one of her favorites. For whatever reason, it seemed to bring out her sadist streak more than any other.

Typically, she would make me drink lots, and hold it until I was bursting. When I begged enough to satisfy her, she would finally let me relieve myself at my convenience. We had already played this game several times, and I had no reason to believe it would be any different today.

Another text: "Show me what you're wearing. If it's not light colored, change."

This was, perhaps, my first indication that things would be different today. An odd request from her, but I had no choice but to comply. My light blue boxers would suffice, but I picked out a pair of slim-fit khakis to wear instead of the jeans I had planned on.

"You were going out today, yeah? Good. You may have some tea to help you wake up, but after that, you will be having plenty of water today. I want you to show me what you drink."

This wasn't such an odd request, however. A part of our normal bladder control games involved my domme also controlling my fluid intake. I'm not normally a big water drinker, but I learned to appreciate its effects on my body by now.

She was right about my plans. I was counting on spending my Saturday doing a little shopping in preparation for a get-together next week. It was clear from her texts that my errands were going to be the backdrop for today's game.

I did as I was told, of course. After downing a big mug of vanilla chai, I started working on several bottles of water over the next couple of hours. I made sure to catalog the progress of every drink I was pouring into me. Failure to comply would've led to some harsh punishments, naturally. I would go into detail if it weren't beyond the scope of an Omorashi forum, so all I will say is that my butt is still quite sore from previous transgressions the weekend before.

I shot her a text: "Am I free to go in now? I'm starting to feel my bladder filling, and I don't want to have an accident while I'm out."

The reply: "You may go. And do you think I would do *that* to you? Have you done something bad that I should know about?"

I maintained my innocence. And I wasn't lying about my bladder, either. While the need wasn't urgent yet, the discomfort was growing, and I especially felt it with my seatbelt pressed into my belly on the ride into town.

After parking at the mall, I asked her for permission to pee, though I knew I would be declined. The reply was a curt "No."

Nevertheless, I had things to do, despite the growing need to use the restroom. I had no choice but to play along with my domme, and that meant playing by the rules as well.

Walking around and having my mind focused on the task at hand seemed to give me a little temporary relief. I managed to finish up at the first store without incident, but walking by the restrooms on my way out made my bladder call my attention once more. I begged her again, hoping the my discomfort would be apparent through my text.

"You may go to the bathroom..." was the reply, and for a moment, a wave of relief washed over me. I had finally beaten the game and would get to go about the rest of my day having been a good boy for her. Then I saw the "...is typing..." notification in the chat window.

"...but, you are to sit on the toilet for 2 minutes WITHOUT peeing. Not one drop. That's what you get for pestering me with stupid questions. Send confirmation."

She knew exactly what she was doing. I complied, again, sending her a video of me doing exactly as I was told. It was a very effective tease on her part, and I had to fight the temptation to relieve the pressure in my bladder right then and there. I'm sure my discomfort was obvious enough to bring her glee.

"Good, but you're not off the hook" was all I got in return. "Keep shopping. I want to know what you're doing and what you're feeling."

I struggled through the next store, and stopping every now and then to explain my current situation was certainly not helping. I knew the kinds of details she wanted to hear, and putting them into words made my only focus on what was going on even more. The increasing urgency in my lower abdomen, the feeling of fatiguing muscles, my heart starting to pace quicker and quicker. I was at an 8/10 and rapidly deteriorating.

"When you've checked out, I want to know."

Another 10-15 minutes and I was wrapping up. I knew our game was at an end, and I would finally be given permission to relieve myself...a little later than usual perhaps, but better late than never, of course. I sent her the update as requested, my ability to text notably diminished in my current state: "by bathrooms. 9 of 10. Can I go now please?"

She made me wait an uncharacteristically long time for the reply. No doubt she wanted me to squirm for a little bit longer. Or maybe she was up to something? Finally, after what was probably five minutes and certainly felt like double that, I had my answer: "No. Put everything in the car and await more instructions."

I was shocked, and probably visibly flustered, by the reply. What was she up to? I felt like protesting, but I was knew that would only bring further punishment. I had no choice but to do as she said, and hope that would be enough for her to show leniency toward me. I rushed my cart to my car, and hastily dumped the grocery bags in the trunk without the usual amount of care. My discomfort was plainly obvious to anyone that might've been paying attention to me now.

"Done" was the only thing I could conjure up to tell her. My legs were crossed tightly, and I fought the urge to physically hold myself in public.

"Be a good boy and return the cart, but when you're done with that..."

My heart sank upon reading the next line.

"...piss yourself."

I could hardly believe what I was reading. She enjoyed her little ways of tormenting me, but she had never taken it this far. Did I do something bad? Before I could recount the past few days and figure out what my latest transgression was, I received more instructions.

"Bladder empty before you reach your car. If you've been following directions, it is going to be a big puddle. Send video."

I could barely breathe. I didn't want to be so vulnerable, but I didn't dare to deny her orders either. My mind fumbled over the different ways I could beg for a reprieve, but all my bladder wanted to do was give in. I hastily propped my phone up in the trunk and hit record. The brief trip to the corral almost felt like I was walking on death row.

I turned and paused after letting my cart go. A few more steps, and I paused again. I relaxed my aching muscles for only a moment...long enough for one big spurt to escape into my boxers before I instinctively clenched again. The next spurt came involuntarily. One more step, and the dam broke completely.

My heart was pounding and I lost myself completely in the moment, with no lingering sense of what was going on around me. The only thing on my mind was the warm relief flowing down the front of my pants, causing them to cling tightly to my legs. I stood in the middle of the row, with the contents of my bladder pooling at my feet, snaking away from me as it followed the contours of the lot.

I couldn't bring myself to even move. I had no idea if anyone was watching me, and in that moment I had almost stopped caring entirely. After nearly a minute, I felt reality suddenly creep back into frame. My pants were absolutely drenched, and I now understood why I was ordered to wear something light in color. My socks and shoes were probably in an even worse state, and started to squelch as I continued the walk back to my car. There was certainly no hiding my current condition anymore.

I grabbed the two towels I kept in the trunk for emergencies, and did my best to cover my car seat. They weren't perfect, but they'd have to do. I resisted the urge to climb in the car and get out of there, but I knew I still had one more task to complete. Grabbing the phone, I put myself out in view again so I could get a good picture of the puddle I left behind. Certainly it was big enough to satisfy her demands.

I sent my domme the screenshots of my completed task, once I was back in the car, certain that I earned a lot of points with her.

Before long, she replied.

"Did that feel good, my pet?"

"It really did" I shot back to her, not exactly stretching the truth, to be honest.

"Oh yeah? I want you to prove it to me."

"What do you want me to do now?" I asked, unsure of where she was going with this.

A moment.

"Find a quiet spot for us."

I pulled the car around the other end of the shopping complex, finding a spot around the corner of one of the buildings where there would be no traffic.

"Now what?"

"I know you enjoyed yourself, and since you were good, you deserve a little more relief. Make yourself cum. I want to see you do it."

This was, it turned out to be, a significantly easier order to obey.

I loosened my belt, undid the button on my pants, and tugged them down to my thighs. I slid my hand into my boxers, and I could now see (and feel) just how soaked they were. I made sure to get some photo proof, then set the phone aside again to record. I rubbed myself for a little while before I became hard enough to necessitate pulling down the waistband on my boxers and freeing my cock. The mixture of pee and precum on my hand made it glide easily, and after little more than a minute I came rather hard. At this point, there wasn't even any sense in cleaning myself up.

I took a moment to collect myself, and sent a brief capture of the video to my domme to show that I had cum for her. I'm starting to worry about what she has in store for me next...

