Code: Desperation

Author: Tsu

*000*2013-10-22 18:23

As I mentioned in my intro topic, I'm quite a fan of the old cartoon, Code Lyoko, along with its continuation, Code Lyoko Evolution. Sadly, I've seen very few pee-related fics about CL (none on this site). So I took it upon myself to write myself a few fics based on ideas I had for such scenarios, especially since the show gives so much to work with.

I've made five so far with plenty more ideas to come. The first five will be made in one post, each under a spoiler tag for the sake of organization. Every story after that will be made as a separate post on this topic.

Includes underage characters, but nothing sexualized.

I'm open to all concrit and ideas, especially given that I'm not the best writer. So without further ado.

Chapter 1: Yumi In the Garden

{{: 

Yumi was on her way back from Kadic. As a day student, she only lived a short distance from her house and thus could get there with ease just by walking. She knew her route well and knew where not to go if she was to avoid any danger. Plus, she was a Lyoko Warrior, whatever danger came her way, she could defend herself no problem. However, as she was walking home, she noticed something that couldn’t be avoided; something that had to be taken care of, and it was signaled by that oh so familiar feeling in her bladder.

‘Damn.’ Yumi cursed under her breath. ‘I knew I should’ve gone before I left.’

She had to go to the bathroom since this morning. Unfortunately, after a whole day of being almost late for class, multiple tests, unrelenting teachers, a lunch period with her friends, she had completely forgotten to relieve herself all day. It also didn’t help that there was a XANA attack in the middle of the day to completely throw her off schedule.

She quickly made her way to her house, the pain in her bladder getting slightly worse by the minute, she ran faster until she reached it five minutes later. She walked up to the house, symbolized by the cherry blossom tree in the front yard and the slight Japanese theme to it, unlocked the door with her spare key, entered and shut and locked the door behind her.

Yumi then made her way to the bathroom door and tried to turn the knob, only to find that the door was locked. She then knocked on the door to see who was inside.

“What is it?” A voice said. She recognized it as her little brother, Hiroki.

“Open up, I need to use the toilet.” Yumi said.

“Oh, sorry, Yumi.” Hiroki said. “I’m in the bath. I’m gonna be a while.”

“You pick now of all times to take a bath?” Yumi asked.

“I couldn’t take one this morning without being late.” Hiroki said. “I decided to take it as soon as I got back otherwise I’d end up forgetting if I put it off too long.”

“What?” Yumi said. “Can’t you get off for like thirty seconds?”

“No can do. I was here first.” Hiroki said stubbornly. “You can wait until I’m done.”

“Come on.” Yumi exclaimed. “I really have to pee.”

“Not my problem.” Hiroki said.

Yumi knew this wasn’t going anywhere. As luck would have it, the only bathroom in the house just had to be occupied when she hadn’t gone all day. As her desperation got worse, she could only sit and lean against the wall with her legs crossed, struggling to keep her pent-up urine from releasing and causing an accident. She was too old for that; if Hiroki or her parents found out about that, she’d never hear the end of it.

Minutes passed. Her urge to urinate only grew as Hiroki showed no signs of being done.

“I can’t take this.” Yumi said to herself. “I have to pee and I can’t last much longer. I’ll just have to improvise.”

Yumi carefully got herself up from the floor, trying oh so hard not to wet herself. Once she was standing up, she then grasped her crotch with both hands and made her way around the house, hoping to find something to relieve herself in.

She first noticed a large potted plant in the corner of the hallway.

‘No, that won’t do.’ Yumi thought to herself. ‘We just watered that and if someone, heaven forbid Mom or Dad if they come home early, were to notice a puddle, they would suspect something.’

Yumi kept searching. She went to the kitchen and noticed the sink. She briefly considered doing her business there, but she decided against it.

‘What if the smell stayed?’ Yumi thought. ‘Even Hiroki would recognize it.’

As the pain in her bladder got worse, she knew that she had only one option at this point. With as much speed as she could go without losing control, she made her way to the back door and out into the backyard. With her legs still folded and fidgeting greatly, she examined the yard and considered her options. Yumi knew that she wasn’t allowed to use the yard as a toilet; she and Hiroki would do it when they were a lot younger, but her mom made Hiroki and her give up that habit as they got older.

But there was no time to worry about that. When you have to pee, you have to pee. And Yumi really had to pee.

Luckily for her, the yard was fenced off so there was no chance of anyone accidentally sneaking a peek from next door. She made her way to the edge of the fence, unbuttoned and unzipped her black jeans and pushed them down to her knees along with her red panties. She then squatted down over some flowers that her family planted alongside the fence and relaxed.

At first nothing, but after a few seconds, a small trickle of urine escaped her urethra and grew into a large stream. The area around her was permeated with the pleasant sound and warm aroma of her pee stream hitting the dirt and flowers, creating a foamy puddle in the dirt and soaking the heads of the flowers with her golden offerings.

“Aaahhh…” Yumi said to herself as she was still urinating at full force. “Oh God, that feels so good.”

After nearly a full minute, her stream began to die down. After getting out the last spurts of urine, she plucked a leaf from a nearby bush, wiped herself, placed it in the pee-soaked garden and pulled up her lower garments. She turned to head back to the house only to find that Hiroki was sitting right in front of the door, eyes wide and blushing.

“How much did…?” Yumi asked.

“The whole thing.” Hiroki said. “Don’t worry, I won’t tell if you won’t tell.”

“Thanks.” Yumi said. With that, they headed back in ready to put this whole thing behind them.

}}

Chapter 2: The Contest

{{ 

It was lunchtime at Kadic Academy. Yumi was sitting at her usual place with her friends at the cafeteria, eating lunch and conversing about the usual things, mostly about Lyoko and what XANA has planning this time. With the lunch period wrapping up, Jeremie stood up and walked away.

“Where are you off to?” Yumi asked.

“I thought I’d head down to the factory and test out a new program I had for the virtual ship.” Jeremie said.

“I’ll come with you.” Aelita said.

“That’s quite alright.” Jeremie said. “For once, I don’t require your assistance for this particular part. Besides, don’t you have a quiz today?”

“We should go too.” Ulrich said.

“Yeah.” Odd said. “We promised Jim we’d help out getting track and field stuff ready before class starts. See ya, Princess.”

“Alright then.” Aelita said.

As the three boys left, Yumi and Aelita began to take their trays out and make their way to class when they were stopped by none other than Sissi.

“Oh, hello Yumi.” She said.

“If you’re looking for Ulrich, forget it.” Yumi said annoyed. “He just left.”

“Can’t I just talk to a fellow friend without it having to do with my Ulrich-dear?”

“What do you want?” Yumi asked.

“I just thought since both you and Ms. Einstein were here, I’d offer some kind of proposal.”

“What do you mean?”

“I want to have a little contest with you.” Sissi said. “Just between us three.”

“Sissi, we don’t have time for this.” Aelita said

“Lemme finish.” Sissi said. “If you win, I promise I won’t chase after Ulrich or bother any of you. Lose, and you’ll have to let Ulrich go on a date with me.”

“A chance to have you off our backs?” Yumi asked. “Sure, why not?”

“And even if we lose, we won’t be any worse off than we are now.” Aelita added.

“Perfect.” Sissi said.

“So what kind of contest is this?” Aelita asked.

“Water drinking.” Sissi said pulling out three pitchers of water from underneath a table.

“What? No way!” Yumi exclaimed. “This is just another of your stupid attempts to humiliate us.”

“So you forfeit?” Sissi said.

“I didn’t say that.” Yumi said. “And I’m definitely one to not back down from a challenge.”

“Good.” Sissi and the others then sat down as she gave a pitcher to each person. She then placed a series of cups on the table.

“Alright, the goal is to drink the entire pitcher of water without leaving your seat.” Sissi said. “You can take as much time as needed. However, if you wet yourself, you lose. The last person to go to the bathroom wins.”

“Sounds fair to me.” Yumi said.

“Alright, ready?” Sissi said. “Go!”

Each of the three began filling their cups up with water and drank cup after cup. After a minute, a somewhat familiar face interrupted them.

“Hey guys.” Said a tall, black girl. It was Sam, Odd’s old girlfriend.

“Sam? What are you doing here?” Yumi asked. “You don’t go to this school.”

“I wanted to give Odd this new CD I made for him, but seeing as you’re the only three here I guess I’m a bit too late.” Sam said. “So what are you guys doing?”

“Water drinking contest.” Aelita said.

“Oh cool. Can I join?” Sam asked. “I love contests and I never lose.”

“Sure.” Sissi said. “You can use my pitcher when I’m done.”

“Sweet.” Sam said. “Prepare to lose.”

Each girl continued to drink from the large pitchers until Sam’s was the only one with still some water. Sam poured the last part into her cup and took a huge swig.

“There we go.” Sam said. “So who wins?”

“Whoever’s last to pee without wetting themselves.”

“Excellent.” Sam said. “So it looks like…”

“You four!” They heard a voice shout.

“Uh oh.” Yumi said recognizing the voice as Jim.

“In case you forgotten, class started five minutes ago!” Jim shouted. “And here I find you goofing off in the lunchroom with your friends.”

“But…”

“You three, four hours detention in the library, pronto!” Jim said. He then turned to Sam. “As for you, this cafeteria is for Kadic students and faculty only. You are to leave these premises before I call your parents.”

“Yes sir.” Samantha said.

“Looks like she forfeits.” Sissi said. “Now it’s just the three of us.”

As detention went by, the girls began to grow increasingly desperate. All the water they had drank had now taken its toll and their bladders were all close to bursting. The three girls then decided to head off to the nearest girls’ bathroom to get ready for the final part of the test. All three girls were already either crossing their legs or holding their crotches in desperation as their urge grew and grew.

“Alright, since you all made it this far, it’s time to see how much longer you can last.” Sissi said. “As you can see, there are three stalls available; however, the one in the middle here is the only one that is usable. The two on the sides just so happen to be out of order.”

“Alright, let’s hurry up.” Aelita said hopping up and down in desperation. “I’ve never had to pee so badly in my life.”

“Again, whoever pees last in the toilet wins.” Sissi said. “Pee yourself and you lose no matter the circumstances. Understand?”

“Yes.” Yumi said. She then turned to Aelita. “Aelita, since there’s two of us, one of us should go first. You should be the one to go, you seem the most desperate.”

“No.” Aelita said. “It’s unfair to keep you waiting when you’ve been drinking faster than me.”

“Fine.” Yumi said squeezing her legs shut as her bladder ached for release. “But only because there’s no sense arguing about it. I have to pee, and I’ll be damned if either of us lose to Sissi.”

Yumi then, with her legs still clamped together, hopped her way into the toilet stall and locked the door. Now using only her Kegel muscles to keep herself from leaking, she unbuttoned her pants, yanked them down with her underwear and sat down. Within a second, her pee shot out full force and made contact with the water. Yumi just closed her eyes and sighed in relief as the sound of urine hitting the water filled the room. On the other side of the stall door, something happened to Sissi that she never counted on: Hearing Yumi peeing and sighing in relief unsurprisingly made Sissi’s bladder more desperate for release.

‘I’m not gonna lose it. I’m not gonna lose it. I’m not gonna lose it.’ Sissi repeated to herself in her head as she grabbed her crotch and kept hopping up and down.

Aelita, meanwhile, was still struggling to hold the contents of her bladder in. For such a petite girl, she was doing a fine job in maintaining her composure: She just hands covering her private area like Sissi, but she hadn’t begun to fidget like her.

Back in the toilet stall, Yumi’s pee stream had finally subsided, with nothing more than a few drops coming out and hitting the toilet. Yumi looked down between her legs and at the water below and was amazed by how much she had peed. She then looked at her vagina and saw the scattered droplets of pee on her black pubic hair. She then grabbed a couple squares of toilet paper, wiped her vagina, pulled up her underwear and pants and flushed the toilet. (A/N: And yes, you anatomical nitpickers, I’m fully aware that the correct term is vulva and not vagina. However, I’ve always used the two interchangeably and I’m not going to stop now. Besides, vagina just sounds more innocent).

After unlocking the door, Sissi then burst in and made her way to the toilet and locked the door.

“Sissi, what about your date with Ulrich?” Aelita asked.

“It’s not worth it!” Sissi shouted. “My reputation is at stake; if I end up leaking all over myself, I’ll never hear the end of it.”

“Well, hurry up.” Aelita said getting even more and more desperate.

Sissi then unbuttoned her trousers, slid them down with her panties and hiked up her skirt, exposing her own vagina, complete with a triangle of black pubic hair not unlike Yumi’s. She then sat down and relieved her bladder.

‘Oh God…’ She thought to herself as she sighed and became immersed in the melodious tinkling sound of the two liquids meeting. ‘I have to admit, after holding it in for so long, it really does feel good to finally go tinkle. I should try holding it in more often.’

At that same time, Sam was still walking home from Kadic. All the liquids she had drank were taking its toll. With her hands covering her crotch, she desperately tried to make her way home without having an accident in her favorite skirt. Even though she was already in her neighborhood, she still had such a long way to go (at least longer than her bladder can hold).

“At this rate, I’m gonna pee myself for sure. Ohhh.” She moaned holding herself and doing a potty dance.

Immediately, she looked over at a nearby alleyway and saw a large dumpster near the wall; there was just enough space between it and the wall for her to sneak behind. Sam contemplated this option; she was always told as a little girl that if she had a potty emergency and there was no place to go, she was more than welcome to go pee behind a bush or dumpster. But she wasn’t a little girl anymore; she was too old to regress to something like that.

‘Screw it.’ She thought. ‘We’re all animals anyway; we should be allowed to pee wherever when nature makes its call.’

As she hobbled into the alleyway, she looked both ways to make sure nobody was walking around. When she was sure the coast was clear, she scooted behind the dumpster, lowered her pants and underwear to her knees, squatted down on the pavement and hiked her skirt up, showing her vagina and unkempt black pubic hair (so much that her slit was completely covered and not one inch of skin in her bikini area was showing; she was truly ‘au-natural.’) to the rest of the world.

She just relaxed and suddenly a large stream of pee shot out of her urethra and splattered all over the pavement below her. She just moaned in relief and euphoria as her thick stream left her aching bladder and made contact with the pavement with a loud pitter-pitter-patter, forming a large, foamy puddle (an obvious sign of rapid release after being stored up for so long) that flowed down the road like a tiny river. Once she finished her business, she stood up and pulled up her pants and underwear, not bothering to wipe.

‘Why bother wiping?’ she thought. ‘We’re all dirty under there anyway; that’s why we have showers.’

She was about to walk away when she turned and saw a local garbage collector standing behind her.

“Just what the hell do you think you were doing?” He asked irately.

“I’m sorry, sir.” Sam said. “I just really had to…”

“What do you think we have toilets for?” He asked. “So that us evolved humans don’t have to deal with indecent savages like yourself.”

“I’m not a savage!” Sam exclaimed. “Besides, isn’t it just as indecent to watch an underage girl take a leak just to bust her? Talk about a pot calling the kettle black, you pervert!”

“Get out of here, you filthy urchin!” He shouted shaking his fist at her. Sam just ran off. “And don’t let me catch you doing this again.”

He then went to collect the trash from the dumpster.

“Kids these days.” He grumbled to himself. “They have no decency and respect for public property.”

Back at Kadic, Sissi was just finishing up her pee. She was just finishing up when she heard a loud knocking.

“Come on, hurry up!” Aelita exclaimed bouncing up and down and holding her crotch. “Some of us still have to go pee here.”

“Just a second.”

Once her stream abated, she wiped her vagina with the toilet paper, readjusted her skirt, pulled up her garments and flushed.

As soon as the door unlocked, Aelita made her way inside the stall, pushing Sissi out of the way and locking the door behind her. Immediately after, Aelita dropped her panties, lifted her jumper dress, showing her vagina (appropriately covered with tufts of natural pink pubic hair just around her slit), and sat on the toilet.

With nothing holding her back, a torrent of her pee came out of her at such a great force and made contact with the water below. Aelita closed her eyes and sighed happily as she was finally able to relieve herself after so much agonizing pain; she even giggled a bit when the force of her peeing caused a tickling sensation in her urethra. More time passed; she was amazed by how much was coming out of her. Even she didn’t know how strong her bladder was and how much she was holding in.

After a full couple of minutes, what started out as a large torrent eventually died down to a small trickle as the tinkling sound grew dimmer. She then pushed out the last spurts of pee until only a few drops fell from her urethra and clung to the pink pubic hairs. She then grabbed the toilet paper, wiped off the wetness on her hairs and in between her labia. She then stood up, pulled up her panties and flushed.

Aelita then emerged from the stall with a relieved look on her face as she went to the sink and washed her hands.

“Wow, Aelita.” Yumi said. “I never thought such a petite girl like yourself could make so much pee.”

“Yeah.” Sissi said. “I’ve never heard anything like it; like someone put a fire hose in the toilet.”

“Um, thanks…” Aelita said blushing.

“No need to be embarrassed about it.” Yumi said. “Everyone pees, it’s only natural.”

“I know.” Aelita said shutting off the sink. “So I take it you’ll be leaving us alone now, Sissi?”

“Huh? Oh, yes.” Sissi said. “A deal’s a deal. You won’t be hearing from me...”

“Good to hear.” Yumi said. “Come on let’s get you back to the dorms and me back home.”

When the other two girls finally left, Sissi just turned around and smiled to herself.

“…Much.”

}}

Chapter 3: Sissi's Revenge

{{ 

It was nearing halftime as Kadic’s soccer team was plowing down the field with the ball on their side. They had been dominating throughout the entire game and were ready to take home another victory in what is already a stellar season. Although the game itself was reaching the closing seconds of the half, the people in the bleachers were already looking forward to the outstanding halftime routine by Kadic’s own cheerleading squad. What they weren’t expecting, however, was what would come to be probably the most humiliating experience for one certain cheerleader.

In the girls’ locker room, Sissi was already sitting on the bench getting ready for her chance to dazzle the crowd. It was a hot day, so she thought it would be a good idea to be well hydrated before the big routine. She picked up a bottle of water next to her and took a huge swig. She then looked in the bottle to find that she had completely emptied it.

‘I must’ve been thirstier than I thought.’ Sissi thought to herself. ‘Well, time to dispose of this.’

She then walked over to the nearest trashcan and threw away the empty bottle. She then walked away and went to meet with the rest of the squad. However, before she could take another step, she felt a familiar twinge in her lower abdomen.

“Boy that water went through me fast.” Sissi said bouncing up and down slightly. “I really have to go to the bathroom.”

Sissi walked quickly to the other end of the locker room where the toilets were. Between where she was and the toilets, she noticed the cheerleading squad was all ready and waiting for the signal to go out.

“Hey, Sissi.” One cheerleader said. “Why in such a hurry.”

“Can’t talk. Gotta go pee.” Sissi said quickly as she ran past them with her hand covering her private area.

She then reached the toilets, which consisted of three stalls and a sink. She went to the first stall only to find that another cheerleader occupied it. She tried the next one, only to find that some inconsiderate teen forgot to flush her gross excrement. Immediately disgusted, she tried the last stall only to find that it was out of order.

“Great.” Sissi said to herself while potty dancing in front of the stalls. “What am I supposed to do now? I can’t perform with a full bladder.”

She looked at the sink and briefly considered that, but she realized that the sink was made of fragile porcelain and was fixed only to the wall, so if she sat, odds are it wouldn’t support her weight. She couldn’t just approach it standing from the other end because, being a girl, her plumbing wouldn’t work that way, and this wasn’t the time to learn how.

“Ohhh. What to do?” She said in desperation. “A-ha!”

In a sudden moment of realization, she ran back to the trashcan on the other side of the room and dug through and through until she eventually came across an empty water bottle. Sissi remembered that she had learned how to pee in a bottle when she was a little girl during long car trips. It had been a while, but now it was time for a refresher. She took the bottle and got behind the trashcan so that everything below her waist was hidden, she then spread her legs apart, pulled her panties down to her knees and bent her knees slightly. She then spread her labia with one hand while placing the opening of the bottle to her urethra with the other. She was about to relax until…

“Sissi!” Sissi froze in place and turned to find one of the cheerleaders calling out to her. “What are you doing?”

“Oh nothing.” Sissi said nervously. “I was just looking for some money I had dropped.”

“Well it can wait.” The other cheerleader said. “Coach wants us on the field pronto.”

“Alright, I’m coming.” Sissi said pulling up her panties and disposing of the bottle.

‘Damn.’ She cursed to herself. ‘Now what am I supposed to do?’

After getting outside onto the field with the rest of the team and sitting on a bench in the front row. Sissi could only fidget and cross her legs as the urge to urinate grew at an alarming rate.

‘Oooh, I feel like I’m gonna explode.’ Sissi thought to herself, clenching her teeth and rubbing her crotch. ‘Good thing I only have to do the baton routine; I don’t think I can handle all those twists and flips in my state.’

“Alright everyone!” The announcer said. “Put your hands together for Kadic’s own cheerleading squad!”

The crowd then cheered as the cheerleader came onto the field, led by an increasingly desperate Sissi.

“K-A, D-I-C! The greatest team in history!” She and the other cheerleaders said twirling her baton and waving their pom-poms respectively. “W-O-L, V-E-S! The Greywolves they will pass the rest! Gooo…KADIC!”

The team then got together for a series of flips and stacking as Sissi kept twirling her baton. For someone with a full bladder, she was doing a good job keeping her composure. However, that couldn’t last long as she felt another sharp pain in her bladder. Sissi new her reputation was at stake and couldn’t afford to wet herself in front of a whole crowd; she had to resort to drastic measures.

Sissi ran outside of the field, which cause the cheerleaders, in their confusion, to lose their balance during the pyramid and collapse on one another. The crowd was also confused by this sudden change of events and could only sit and wonder what was going on.

Right next to bleachers, Milly and Tamiya, of the school’s underground newspaper, were looking at the footage they had captured of the first half to find what would be good to share, as well as musing over the players.

“Milly, do you sometimes think that Ulrich looks much dreamier in his soccer shorts than anything else?” Tamiya asked.

“Tamiya, drop it.” Milly snapped. “You know he’s too old for you.”

“Well, someone’s certainly being defensive.” Tamiya quipped.

“It’s not like that.” Milly said blushing. “It’s just…”

She then paused and looked behind the bleachers to find Sissi pacing around with her hands on her crotch.

“Tamiya, come over here.” Milly said. Tamiya came over and saw what had caught Milly’s attention.

“Is that Sissi?” she asked.

“Shh.” Milly said.

“Is she doing what I think she…?”

“Just turn on the camera.” Milly whispered. Tamiya then turned on the camera.

“Wait, you want me to…? No, that’s just indecent.” Tamiya said. “I know you have a grudge against her, but that’s going too far.”

“I don’t care.” Milly smirked. “This is exactly what I’m looking for.”

Sissi, meanwhile, had thought she had found a secluded enough area. After looking both ways, she immediately squatted down on the grass, hiked up her skirt and pulled her panties to the side.

“Quick, zoom in.” Milly whispered. Tamiya did as she was told and zoomed in on

Sissi’s backside and the grass below. They then looked at the display screen and saw, clear as day, a heavy stream emerge from underneath her and splatter the grass below.

“Oh my God.” Milly said. “She’s actually taking a pee in the grass.”

“Yeah, and look at that stream.” Tamiya said. “She must’ve been holding it in for a long time.”

Under the bleachers, Sissi gave a huge sigh in relief as her pee continued to flow out and hit the ground with a loud splatter, all while oblivious to the fact that she was being spied on. After finishing up, she wiped her vagina with a handful of grass and stood back up while readjusting her skirt. She then walked away, content and relieved that not only was she able to expel all the contents of her bladder, she was able to do it with nobody noticing her.

Or so she thought…

“This is awesome!” Milly said looking over the recorded footage. “Just wait until we share this.”

“But won’t we get into trouble?” Tamiya asked.

“Only if we get caught.” Milly said. “Besides, with a super scoop like this, it’ll be totally worth it.”

“If you say so.” Tamiya said as they headed back to the field and began to record the rest of the game.

The next day, everyone was getting ready for the next day of school. In the cafeteria, Yumi had just arrived as her friends, Jeremie, Aelita, Odd and Ulrich, were still eating breakfast.

“Hey guys.” She said greeting them. “What’s new?”

“Nothing much.” Jeremie said. “XANA’s been quiet so far; we haven’t detected any activity over the weekend.”

“Well, Milly and Tamiya did tell us last night that they had a great scoop to share with the rest of the school.” Odd said. “I’m just hoping it’s about Ulrich tripping in the first half.”

“Odd, shut up.” Ulrich said.

Just then, MIlly and Tamiya walked up to them with a stack of newspapers.

“Hello there.” Milly said.

“Oh hey, Milly.” Aelita said. “What brings you here.”

“Well, I figured since you guys aren’t fond of Sissi as much as we are, you should be the first to see our big story.”

“Oh, it’s about Sissi?” Ulrich asked as he and the rest each grabbed a newspaper.

“Well, just read it.” Tamiya said. “It’s on the fifth page; once you read it, you’ll find out why we couldn’t put it on the front.”

“Now this I gotta see.” Odd said smiling eagerly and opening the paper up to the fifth page. “Anything with Sissi has got to be…”

He then paused and looked at the picture, his smile fading.

“Oh…my God.” Yumi said as she saw the picture. There, right in front of her, was a clear image of Sissi from behind, squatting down in the grass behind the bleachers and letting loose a jet of pee.

“Wait, wait.” Ulrich said. “You actually snapped a pic of her taking a leak outdoors?”

“Not just a picture, we have a whole video.” Milly said. “Which we sent to a few privileged people.”

“Which I was not for, by the way.” Tamiya said.

“Oh my God.” Yumi said laughing loudly. “This is going to humiliate her to a new level.”

“As much as I can’t stand Sissi, I have to agree with Tamiya.” Jeremie said. “You can’t just snap a pic of whatever and paste it in the paper, especially if it’s someone doing such a private deed.”

“Jeremie’s right.” Aelita said. “Besides, don’t you know how much trouble you’ll be getting into when the principal get a hold of that paper or video? Not to mention what Sissi will do to you.”

“It’s totally worth it.” Milly said. “Besides, Sissi’s been bullying us for a while now. I think we can take whatever she can dish out.”

“MILLY SOLOVIEFF AND TAMIYA DIOP!” They heard Jim shout as he walked up to them. “You are wanted in the principal’s office, now! I think you know the reason!”

“Uh-oh.” Tamiya said.

In the principal’s office, Mr. Delmas had Milly and Tamiya sit down in front of their desk; next to him was his daughter, Sissi. Who had tears coming out of her eyes as her face was fuming with anger.

“So, you two, would you mind explaining the nature behind this picture?” Mr. Delmas asked angrily as he showed them the picture of Sissi relieving herself.

“Well…”

“Don’t say another word.” Mr. Delmas said. “Now let me ask you something: What made you think it was a good idea to take not only a picture but a video of someone, let alone my own daughter, doing such a private act and sharing it for all to see.”

“We only shared it with a few people.” Tamiya said.

“That’s not the point.” Mr. Delmas said. “Let me refresh your memories on something in case you didn’t get it the first time: Voyeurism is a crime; it’s an invasion of privacy and a form of stalking. Not only did you break the law, but you also violated this school’s policy on the production and distribution of obscene photos and videos.”

“I’m sorry, sir.”

“I’m not the one you should be apologizing to.” Mr. Delmas said. “Sissi, I think these girls would like to say something. Don’t you?”

“Yes sir.” Milly said. She and Tamiya then walked over to Sissi, who was still crying.

“Well?” Mr. Delmas asked.

“I’m sorry we took a picture of you peeing.” Milly said.

“Me too.” Tamiya said.

“Whatever.” Sissi said angrily.

“Now, you two, you are to print a retraction and apology for your story and are to cease publishing your paper until further notice.” Mr. Delmas said. “After that, you two will receive a one-week suspension from classes. And starting after lunch today, you will spend every afternoon in detention in the library. Do I make myself clear?”

“Yes sir.” Milly and Tamiya said ashamed.

“Good.”

Milly and Tamiya then walked out of the office slowly.

“Thanks, Daddy.” Sissi said. “I didn’t think that…”

“As for you, young lady, five hours detention every day for the next week.” Mr. Delmas said.

“What?” Sissi exclaimed. “For what?”

“For your act of indecent exposure, of course.” Mr. Delmas said. “You’re a big girl now; you should know that pee goes in the toilet, not in the grass. Just because you were allowed to do it as a little girl doesn’t mean that the habit should stick forever.”

“Yes, Daddy.” Sissi said dejected.

Hours later, Milly and Tamiya were sitting down at the table eating lunch. They were already discussing what had happened this morning.

“Thanks a lot, Milly.” Tamiya said sarcastically. “I told you it was a bad idea to share those images.”

“But wasn’t it worth it?” Milly asked. “After all, we finally got sweet payback for all the times she was mean to us.”

“I guess, but…”

“Hey, babies.” They heard a familiar voice shout. They turned to see Sissi approach their table.

“Oh, hi Sissi.” Tamiya said. “What brings you here?”

“I thought about what I said and I decided to forgive you.”

“Wait what?” Milly asked.

“I decided that maybe we have gotten off on the wrong foot and that I might owe you some sort of apology.”

“You’re apologizing?” Tamiya said.

“Well, yes.” Sissi said walking up behind Milly. “I feel that after looking back, I can see why you’d want to humiliate me in such a cruel way.”

“Oh really.” Tamiya said dryly.

“So let’s make a pact starting now that I will leave you be from now on and will instead do whatever I can to gain your friendship.” Sissi said extending her hand.

“Sound good?”

“Works for me.” Milly said shaking her hand.

With her other hand, Sissi moved towards Milly’s glass of water while she and Tamiya weren’t paying attention and quickly threw a fine white powder inside the water. She then went over to Tamiya and did the same thing to her: Ask for forgiveness, shake her hand and throw in the fine powder without anyone looking.

“Well, I’m glad for once you’re trying to be nice to us.” Milly said.

“Oh, no worries.” Sissi said. “It’s the least I can do.”

She then walked away, grinning evilly, as Milly and Tamiya finished up their water and headed out.

In the hallway, the subject changed to Sissi and her suspicious behavior in the cafeteria.

“Milly, don’t you find it odd that Sissi was being unusually nice to us?” Tamiya asked.

“Especially after what we did to her.”

“Oh, don’t be so suspicious.” Milly said. “I think even Sissi can see the error of her ways. It just takes her reputation being compromised by the so called ‘babies’.”

“Yeah, but this is Sissi we’re talking about.” Tamiya said. “She’s not gonna take this sitting down.”

“You’re being paranoid.” Milly said walking to the door to the girls’ bathroom. “Now if you excuse me, I need to take care of some business.”

“But we have detention.” Tamiya said.

“Hey, when you gotta go, you gotta go.” Milly said. “And I’m not gonna hold it in until after detention.”

“Now that I think about it, I’m feeling the need to go myself.”

The two girls then went inside the bathroom and walked over to the toilet stalls. They tried to open the stall doors, but they found them to be locked; all three of them.

“They can’t all be occupied, can they?” Tamiya asked. Milly then knocked on the doors.

“Hello.” She said. “Are you almost done in there? My friend and I have to go pee.”

No answer.

“Come on, this isn’t funny.” Tamiya said. “I know someone’s in there, so answer.”

Again, no answer.

“Still think Sissi’s being honest with us?” Tamiya asked.

“Great.” Milly said. “She’s mad at us, and as revenge she’s gonna make us wet ourselves.”

“What are we gonna do?” Tamiya asked.

“We’ll just have to hold it in.” Milly said. “After detention, we’ll try and find another place to pee. She couldn’t have gotten every bathroom door.”

“I hope you’re right.” Tamiya said fidgeting. “Now let’s go before Jim yells at us some more.”

The two then reached the library. For the many hours they were stuck in the one room, they felt their urges grow and more pain in their bladders as they struggled to hold in their pent-up pee. With three of the five hours gone, Milly knew she had to ask to be excused, lest she wet herself and face further humiliation.

“Excuse me.” Milly asked. “Can we go to the bathroom?”

“You know the rules.” Jim said. “No talking and absolutely no leaving for any reason.”

“But we really have to go.” Milly whined, squeezing her legs together.

“You should’ve thought of that before you decided to humiliate one of your fellow students.” Jim said. “Let this be a lesson to you.”

Milly just kept her mouth shut for the remainder of the time.

After detention was over, Milly and Tamiya walked briskly out of the library and down the hall, desperately searching for a place to relieve their aching bladders. Everywhere they went, though, the bathroom doors were always locked and had no way to enter.

“Oh, this is hopeless.” Tamiya said crossing her legs and holding her crotch. “We’ll never find a bathroom in time.”

“Maybe we don’t have to find a bathroom.” Milly said hopping up and down, holding her crotch tightly.

“What are you implying?” Tamiya asked.

“We’ll just have to improvise.” Milly suggested.

“No way.” Tamiya said. “We’ll just get in trouble again.”

“Then we’ll go into the woods where nobody can see us.” Milly said.

“Fine.” Tamiya sighed. “But only because I can’t imagine me wetting myself at my age.”

As quickly as they can without being noticed, the two made their way outside the nearest door outside of school and hobbled over into the deep woods just at the edge of the school. Looking around to see if anyone was around, they noticed a tall, secluded bush, perfect for hiding their business.

“Perfect.” Tamiya said. “We’ll just hide behind the bush, go for a quick tinkle, and then we’ll be free and on our way.”

“Great, let’s go.” Milly said.

The two then hobbled over behind the bush with their hands still on their private areas. Once situated, Milly then pulled her leggings and panties down to her knees while Tamiya unbuttoned her pants and pulled them to her knees along with her panties. They then both squatted down next to each other, relaxed and…

“Milly! Tamiya!” They heard a familiar voice. They then pulled up their garments and turned around to find Sissi. “You weren’t about to go pee on the grass like a uncivilized animal, were you?”

“But there’s no place else to go, and we’re desperate.” Milly said struggling.

“Aww, do the little babies gotta go pee-pee?” Sissi mocked. “Well, I wish I could help, but I can’t abandon my plans now.”

“You mean locking the bathroom doors on us?” Tamiya asked.

“Not only that, but also spiking your water with a very powerful diuretic.” Sissi said.

“Just adding it to water and drinking it will cause a rapid filling in your bladder that can only be stopped by relieving yourselves.”

“But where can we pee?” Milly asked.

“Well if you decide to pee out here, I’ll tell daddy everything.” Sissi said. “However, I’ll let it all go if you just wet yourselves right here and now.”

“Let’s just do what she says, please.” Tamiya said in great pain and squeezing her private area.

“No!” Milly said.

“Well, there is a third option.” Sissi said. “After all, you didn’t think I could get to every bathroom in this whole school, did you?”

“There’s an open bathroom?” Milly asked.

“Yep, but good luck finding it.” Sissi said laughing and walking off.

“Please…” Tamiya said squeezing as hard as she could. “Just let us pee ourselves.”

“We don’t have to humiliate ourselves.” Milly said. “We just have to think of where Sissi couldn’t possibly have been.”

“All I can think of are waterfalls, rivers, rain showers and…”

“Showers! That’s it!” Milly said. “The girls’ showers. Everybody knows that the dorms are off limits during school hours; she couldn’t have possibly gone there. Come on, we still have a chance to relieve ourselves.”

Okay, but let’s hurry.” Tamiya said still in pain.

Five minutes later, the two girls managed to make it up to the girls’ floor in the dorm building. They were only steps away from sweet relief.

“Just…a few…more…” Milly said clenching her bladder tightly, preventing any leakage.

“Hey you two.” One girl in the hallway said. “Nice job in today’s paper…”

“Can’t…talk.” Tamiya said. “Must…get to…toilet.”

“So…close.” Milly said. “Can’t…pee ourselves…now.”

After taking their sweet time, the girls finally made it inside the girls’ showers and up to the toilet stalls.

“So, you take one and I’ll take one?” Tamiya asked.

“I don’t think I can move another foot to the side without leaking.” Milly said. “We’ll just have to use this one.”

“But how?” Tamiya said.

“You sit down like normal and spread your legs and I’ll sit the opposite way.” Milly said. “We’ll pee together at the same time.”

“But if I spread, I’ll instantly pee.” Tamiya said. “The sight and sound could cause you to lose control.”

“Then we’ll pull down our garments and sit simultaneously.” Milly said. “Now let’s go.”

They then opened the door, slid their way inside, legs clamped together and closed and locked the door.

“One…Two…Three…Drop.” Milly said as they both dropped their lower garments, showing each other their nakedness from the waist down: Milly got herself a good look at Tamiya’s young, undeveloped vagina, completely smooth and hairless with a fine slit. Tamiya looked at Milly’s vagina and saw that it was already growing a few red pubic hairs right above her slit. Both girls just blushed; they had been friends for a long time but only now have they seen each other’s most private areas.

“One…Two…Three…Sit.” Milly said as the two girls sat down on the toilet facing each other. As soon as Tamiya spread her legs, both her and Milly let out a huge torrent of pee. Their eyes first opened wide at the force of their pee pouring out of them, but closed their eyes once the feeling of sweet relief set in.

“Ahhhh…” They said happily sighing in relief.

“Oh thank God.” Milly said moaning in ecstasy. “That feels sooo good. I’ve never had to pee so badly in all my life.”

“You’re telling me. I was so sure that I wasn’t gonna make it.” Tamiya said. She then looked between her legs to see both her stream and Milly’s falling into the toilet below. “Hey look, our pee streams are touching.”

Milly then looked down and saw that she was right: The two streams had indeed converged as they fell into the water below, creating a louder than usual symphony of the pleasant tinkle of pee hitting the water in the toilet.

“Yeah.” Milly said giggling.

“What’s so funny?”

“Sorry.” Milly said. “It’s just that it kinda tickles when it all comes out so hard and so fast.”

“I understand.” Tamiya said. “I never want this feeling to stop.”

Both just continued to sigh in relief as they continued to watch and listen to each other tinkle. Eventually, the streams died down until only a few drops fell from between their labia. They each then grabbed a couple squares of toilet paper.

“Here, let me wipe you.” Tamiya said. “Some of it was my pee splashing back and hitting your private place.”

“Okay.” Milly said. “But only if I get to wipe you.”

They each then folded their toilet paper and wiped the pee droplets off each other’s vaginas, from the surface of their lower lips to right deep in their slits. They then dropped the wet paper into the toilet and looked down as they readjusted their garments.

“Wow, we really peed a lot.” Tamiya said admiring the pale yellow liquid in the toilet bowl.

“Yeah.” Milly said. “I’m just glad it’s finally over.”

They then flushed the toilet and walked outside of the stall to wash their hands. As they washed themselves thoroughly with the soap and water, Sissi came up to them.

“So you figured it out.” She said to them.

“Yep.” Milly said. “Sorry about spoiling your big chance to humiliate us.”

“Oh, I wouldn’t count on that.” Sissi said pulling out a small camcorder. “Take a look.”

Sissi then played a recent recording, which showed every last second of the two girls relieving themselves in the toilet, including a few close-up shots of their vaginas, complete with flowing pee and wiping.

“What?” Milly said blushing. “How did…?”

“Did you honestly think I wouldn’t have a back up plan?” Sissi asked. “Boy, I can’t wait to show this to the rest of the school.”

“You can’t do that.” Milly said. “You’ll get in trouble.”

“It will be worth it.” Sissi said. “Especially after what you did to me.”

“Please don’t show this video.” Tamiya pleaded. “We’ll do anything.”

“Yes. Yes.” Milly said begging. “Anything you want. Just don’t show that video.”

“All I ask is that you never film anyone going to the bathroom or doing anything they wouldn’t normally do in public.” Sissi said. “You didn’t like it when I filmed you guys, did you?”

“No, I guess not.” Milly said.

“Then don’t do it to other people.” Sissi said. “You promise?”

“We promise.” Milly and Tamiya said.

Sissi then deleted the video.

“Good.” Sissi said. “Now see to it that you respect other people’s privacy just as I respected yours.”

With that, Sissi walked out as Milly and Tamiya finished washing their hands. Just then, Yumi and Aelita came out of the toilet stalls and went to wash their hands alongside Milly and Tamiya.

“We heard everything.” Yumi said. “I guess you’ve all learned your lesson.”

“We sure did.” Tamiya said. “I just can’t believe how Sissi let us off the hook so easily.”

“I told you she could see the error of her ways.” Milly said.

“Either way, you certainly peed so much for such small children.” Aelita said. “We could hear you moaning and your pee splashing for a good two minutes. How long were you holding it?”

“Long enough.” Milly said.

The four girls then laughed.

“Hey, thanks for not telling anyone.” Tamiya said.

“No problem.” Yumi said. “We figured since you learned your lesson, it’s only fair if we keep quiet ourselves.”

“Yeah.” Milly said.

With that, the four girls left ready to call it a day.

}}

Chapter 4: Yumi's Stand

{{ 

Years ago, the Ishiyama family decided it would be a good idea to take their children camping in the woods for the weekend. When the kids were told of this plan, they could only give mixed reactions: Hiroki, on one hand, was excited to be roughing it out while Yumi, on the other hand, was less than thrilled. Being the young ten-year old girl she was, she couldn’t really say she was looking forward to being away from civilization with no bathing, no homemade food and no nice safe house. Nevertheless, she reluctantly came so that her family wouldn’t be too upset. Over the course of the first day, Yumi learned quite a bit from both of her parents about surviving the camping experience, such as which plants are safe, how to pitch a tent and of course her mother had to teach her how girls peed in the woods, which brings us to the main point of this story.

It was the middle of the night. Yumi and her mother were sleeping in one tent while her father and Hiroki were in another. Yumi woke up from her sleeping bag with an oh-so familiar feeling in her abdomen. Afraid to go out alone, she decided to wake her mother and have her come with her.

“Mama?” Yumi asked shaking her.

“Hmm?” Yumi’s mother said waking up. “What is it, Sweetie?”

“Mama, I have to go pee.” Yumi said. “Can you come with me?”

“Oh sure.” Yumi’s mother said. “In fact, I was just about to go myself.”

The two then unzipped the tent and walked about ten feet until reaching a nearby bush.

“You know, I’m glad you and I woke up for this.” Yumi’s mother said. “Now I can teach you a more convenient way to pee outside.”

“Aren’t you just going to squat in the bushes like you taught me?”

“We can, but I’d think you’d like this.” Yumi’s mom said. “I’m gonna show you how a girl pees standing up.”

“But only boys can do that.”Yumi said.

“Girls can too. It just takes a bit of practice.” Yumi’s mother said. “Now just watch me and do what I do.”

She began by lowering her pajama bottoms and underwear down to her knees, exposing her unshaven vagina.

“Once everything is out of the way, you just take your hands and make a triangle.”

She said making a triangle with her thumbs on the bottom and the rest of her fingers on the other two sides. “Then place it on your vagina like so.”

She then placed her hands up against her privates so that her thumbs were right below her waist.

“Now, bend your knees.”

She bent her knees.

“Spread your legs.”

She spread her legs

“Thrust your hips.”

She thrust her hips forward.

“Spread with your fingers.”

She spread her labia apart with her index fingers. “And…”

Suddenly, a thin trickle of pee emerged and splattered all over the bush with a loud pitter-patter as the stream grew. Eventually the stream came to a stop.

“Now shake your hips and you’re done.” She said shaking her hips back and forth to get the remaining wetness out. “Now it’s your turn.”

“Okay.” Yumi said pulling her bottoms down showing her petite, prepubescent vagina. She then placed her hands in a triangle and placed it on her vagina just like her mother.

“Now, bend your knees.” Yumi’s mother said.

“Yumi bent her knees.

“Spread your legs.”

Yumi spread her legs

“Thrust your hips.”

Yumi thrust her hips forward.

“Spread with your fingers.”

Yumi spread her labia apart with her index fingers. “And…”

Just like her mother, a jet of pee also escaped from Yumi’s urethra and loudly splattered on the dirt and bush below, at least for the first few seconds. After that, she had lost control and the rest of her pee just splattered in her underpants. When she finished, she looked down to examine the damage.

“Aww, I splattered all over my PJs.” Yumi cried.

“Don’t worry, practice makes perfect.” Yumi’s mother said pulling her bottoms back up. “Just give your hips a shake and we’ll hang your clothes out to dry.”

Yumi then shook her hips and handed her wet clothes to her mother. Completely naked from the waist down, she headed back to the tent with her mother to change into a new set of pajama bottoms and head off to sleep.

Many years later, Yumi had been attending Kadic Academy and made a few new friends. As her time in school passed, she found herself joining the battle against a computer program known as XANA in a virtual world, Lyoko, hidden in a supercomputer in a factory miles away from the school. One night, she and her friends, Jeremie, Odd, Ulrich and Aelita climbed out of a manhole in the woods near school grounds (their passageway to and from the factory) after a successful mission on Lyoko. As they were walking back, Aelita noticed that Yumi was walking rather slowly behind the group.

“Is something the matter Yumi?” Aelita asked.

“Not at all.” Yumi said. “I just need to go to the bathroom; I haven’t done so all day.”

“Well we are in the woods at night.” Aelita said. “Do you wanna just go pee in the bushes?”

“That’s quite alright.” Yumi said. “I can hold it until I get back home.”

“You say you haven’t gone all day. For that, I recommend you relieve yourself now and get it over with.” Aelita said. “Besides, I kinda have to go too, so I can come with you.”

“Well, okay.” Yumi said.

The two girls then ducked out of the group and headed towards the nearest bush.

Aelita then pulled down her panties to her knees and hiked her dress up to expose her vagina, covered in natural pink hairs like the hair on her head. She then bent down slightly and put her fingers up against her labia and began to pee. Yumi watched in awe as Aelita’s pee splattered on the ground with a loud hiss.

“You’re peeing standing up.” Yumi said.

“Yeah.” Aelita said. “When you’re living in the mountains near the woods, secluded from anything else, you tend to take advantage of that. And my mom was the best teacher.”

“Just like mine.” Yumi said.

“Oh?” Aelita asked. “Have you tried to do it standing up?”

“A few times.” Yumi said. “But I couldn’t do it without getting it on my clothes or feet. My first try was at a camping trip with my family like four years ago and my mom would occasionally let me practice in the backyard.”

“Well, do you wanna give it another try?” Aelita asked as her pee stream subsided and wiping her vagina with a leaf.

“I guess.” Yumi said unsnapping and unzipping her pants and lowering them to her knees with her panties. She then placed her hands around her jet black-haired vagina and spread her labia with her index fingers. Immediately, a thick stream of pee emerged and also made its way to the bush with a loud hiss, until a few seconds later when it started to hit her pants.

“Oh no.” Yumi said trying hard to cut off her stream.

“It’s okay, you’re doing great. But it helps to manipulate your labia and rotating your hips.” Aelita said demonstrating for her. “That’s how us girls can aim. Now you try.”

Yumi then got back into position and spread her labia. When she started to pee again, she did as Aelita told her and moved her labia and hips in an attempt to aim her stream in the foliage. Even though she still managed to sprinkle a bit on her feet and pants, she was doing a better job at getting it on the bush than she did not only a few seconds ago, but also during the camping trip when she was ten. Eventually, her stream became a trickle and died down.

“Nice job, Yumi.” Aelita said pulling up her panties.

“Really?” Yumi said wiping her vagina with a leaf and pulling up her pants. “Because I feel like I could’ve done better.”

“Well, it was your first time in a while.” Aelita said. “Unlike you, I’ve just had more practice.”

“Hey, don’t forget who taught you how to pee in not only the woods, but also the toilet when we first materialized you.” Yumi quipped.

“Oh, I haven’t forgotten that.” Aelita said laughing.

The two then made their way back to their respective places, wanting to be ready for the next day.

The next day, Yumi found herself in a rather unfortunate predicament. She was stuck in class and she hadn’t gone to the bathroom all day. She wanted to go before she left for school, but she overslept and had only enough time to get dressed and grab something to drink before heading out. To make matters worse, she had a test in her first class and wasn’t allowed to leave until all of class was dismissed. An hour had passed in class and she was almost done with her test.

As she squeezed her legs and rubbed them together against her privates, she tried as hard as she could to keep her mind off her bladder and just focus on finishing the test. She looked up at the clock and saw that five minutes were remaining in the period. Knowing she was so close (she had only ten questions left to answer), she put all her focus to finishing up this test before the time ran out. Unfortunately, due to her predicament, she found it harder and harder to focus on and understand the questions given. With the bell about to ring, and her bladder about to give way, she realized she had no other option. Taking her pencil, she just filled out a single column of letters on the last questions and set her pencil down. Just then, the bell rang.

Not bothering with grabbing her stuff, she just grabbed the test, handed it to the teacher and ran out the door. As she was running down the halls with her hands on her crotch, she finally came across the nearest girls’ restroom only to find the door printed with the dreaded words:

OUT OF ORDER.

Yumi just winced in pain as the need to urinate grew and grew. Bouncing up and down and squeezing her crotch tighter, she looked over at the boys’ restroom and saw that it was open. Being a girl, she knew that she couldn’t just waltz in and relieve herself there. But she knew that this was no time to hesitate. The next nearest girls’ restroom was all the way on the other side of the hall; she knew she couldn’t make it. With no other option, she ran straight inside the boys’ room.

Immediately, she made her way to the stalls, only to find all three of them were either occupied or dirty beyond use. Groaning in pain and with little options, she could only turn to one solution: The urinals.

Again, being a girl, Yumi had absolutely no experience with a urinal and never thought she would have to end up using one. Boy was she wrong. Not wanting to keep her pee pent-up in her bladder any longer, she slowly made her way over to the urinal in the center.

“Mom. Aelita. Let’s hope your lessons will pay off.” Yumi said to herself.

Taking her hands off her crotch, she used her Kegel muscles to keep herself from leaking as she unsnapped and unzipped her pants and lowered them to her knees with her panties. She then bent her knees, spread her legs, bent her hips forward, spread her labia apart and just relaxed.

Immediately, a heavy golden stream emerged from her urethra and made contact with the porcelain in front of her. Rocking her hips and adjusting her labia to control the stream, she sighed happily in relief as all her pee left her aching abdomen and painted the side and drain of the urinal with a nice yellow hue. Yumi was amazed; not only with how much she was peeing, but also with how much was actually hitting the urinal. In fact, she hadn’t spilled one drop on her pants or shoes; she was happy that after nearly four years, she had perfected the art of peeing standing up. This combined with her relief and euphoria of her emptying her bladder made for the best feeling she had in a long time.

However, she would soon see that that feeling could immediately leave…

When she finally finished her business, she wiped her vagina with the sleeve of her shirt (she had no toilet paper and she didn’t want to have to ask someone to pass someone a paper towel or something) only to catch something in the corner of her eye. She looked and saw Johnny, Hiroki’s friend, blushing as he got a good view of her peeing. On the other side, she saw her friend Ulrich doing the same thing and blushing as well. Yumi’s face just turned completely red at the thought of these two boys getting a good look at her most private act. She could’ve just screamed her brains out at them, but knowing that she got herself into this mess in the first place, she just calmly asked…

“Did you enjoy the show?”

“Sorry.” Ulrich said. “I was only curious.”

“Yeah.” Johnny said. “I’ve never seen a girl pee standing up before; I was always told it’s impossible.”

“Well, was your curiosity satisfied then?” Yumi asked pulling up her pants and flushing the urinal.

“Yeah, we both got a perfect view.” Johnny said.

“You were just so relieved and in concentration that you just didn’t notice us.” Ulrich said.

“Well, just don’t do it again.” Yumi said washing her hands. “Otherwise I won’t be afraid to tell Mr. Delmas what you saw. And we all know what happened to Milly and Tamiya when they spied on Sissi.”

“And what will you tell them?” Ulrich asked. “That you went to pee in the boys’ bathroom?”

“No, I’ll just tell him that you snuck into the girls’ room to watch me.” Yumi said with a smirk.

“You wouldn’t.” Johnny said. “Fine, we’ll make sure not to watch you.”

“Good.” Yumi said.

With that, she headed off ready to start her next class.

}}

Chapter 5: Hiroki and Johnny's Predicament.

{{ 

The bell rang.

The last of the morning classes at Kadic was finally over and everyone was heading off to the cafeteria for a good lunch (relatively speaking of course). Everyone, that is except for two students: Hiroki Ishiyama and his friend Johnny. Although hungry, they both had an urgent need that had to be taken care of that had been bothering them since this morning.

“Thank goodness that’s over.” Hiroki said. “I haven’t had to pee this bad since that road trip I took with my family last summer.”

“Well, let’s just hurry it up.” Johnny said lightly covering his private area. “I don’t know how much longer I can hold out.”

“Come on, the boys’ room is just down the hall.” Hiroki said. “If you could hold it in for two hours, you should be able to make it thirty seconds.”

True to his word, Hiroki managed to lead his desperate friend over to the boys’ restroom in only half a minute. Unfortunately, they caught eye of a rather unpleasant message pasted on the door.

“’Restroom is being cleaned’?” Johnny whined squeezing his legs and hopping up and down. “But I really have to go!”

“We’ll just have to go use the other restroom.” Hiroki said fidgeting.

“But that’s all the way at the other side of the building.” Johnny said. “I’ll wet myself before we get there.”

“Well, we could always sneak into the girls’ restroom.” Hiroki said.

“Are you crazy?” Johnny said. “We can’t do that.”

“They have nothing we haven’t seen before, right Johnny?” Hiroki said with a smug look.

“That was an accident!” Johnny exclaimed. “She’s the one who wanted to try using the urinal.”

“Look, you and I both know that neither of us can find a toilet without wetting ourselves, you especially.” Hiroki said. “So I guess we have no choice.”

“What do you mean?” Johnny asked suspiciously.

“Well, we’re both boys, younger than most and the courtyard isn’t too far from here.” Hiroki said. “So…”

“You’re not.” Johnny said.

“Why don’t we just…?” Hiroki said.

“You’re really not.”

“…Pee in the bushes?”

“No, that’s just indecent!” Johnny exclaimed.

“Why not?” Hiroki said. “Me and Yumi did it all the time in our backyard when we were little.”

“Yeah, but now that we’re older, we know better than that.” Johnny said. “Besides, what if we get caught?”

“Would you rather be stuck with wet jeans for the rest of the day?” Hiroki asked.

Johnny just sighed.

“Let’s use the bushes.” Johnny said.

A short walk later and the two made it to the nearest courtyard. To their good luck, they managed to find a decent-sized bush wide enough for the both of them. They hobbled inside and saw that it came up to just above their waists, providing more than enough privacy.

“Perfect, now let’s get this over with.” Johnny said.

The two then unzipped their pants, but couldn’t get any farther after Hiroki caught something in the corner of his eye.

“Get down.” He whispered crouching out of sight and pulling Johnny down with him.

The two then peeked up and saw Jim walking down the corridor right in front of them.

“That was close.” Johnny said. “I still need to go pee though.”

“Me too, but there’s too many witnesses around here.” Hiroki said. “We can try the garden shed near the woods. Nobody ever goes there during school hours. Do you think you can make it?”

Johnny just nodded.

“Good.” Hiroki said as he and Johnny zipped up their flies and headed out. “Let’s hurry before someone sees us.”

After a slightly longer walk, the two boys found themselves at the garden shed, and as Hiroki said, nobody was around.

“Alright, let’s do this for real now.” Johnny said.

The two then hobbled behind the shed with their hands grasping their crotches.

“What do you think you’re doing?” Johnny said

“What’s it look like?” Hiroki asked. “I’m peeing with you.”

“No you’re not, someone has to stand guard.” Johnny said.

“Well, why does it have to be me?” Hiroki asked.

“Because I have to go worse than you do.” Johnny said.

“Not true!” Hiroki said.

“Fine then, we’ll rock-paper-scissors for it.” Johnny said.

“Deal.”

“Rock! Paper! Scissors!” The two shouted as Johnny held out two fingers and Hiroki held out his hand flat.

“Best of three?” Hiroki asked.

“Just get back.” Johnny pointed. “Stay there and don’t look until I’m done.”

“Fine.” Hiroki said with his back turned.

Johnny then turned around; there was no turning back now. He immediately unzipped his pants, undid the button on his boxer shorts and took out his penis and aimed at the grass below with both hands. After a few seconds, a spurt of pee came out and grew into a large, golden stream, arching forward and hitting the grass below with a loud hissing and splattering sound.

Although Hiroki couldn’t see him, he could hear clear as day the pitter-patter of the pee stream and the sighs of relief; it brought him back to his own ‘backyard days’ and watching his sister pee for the first time, back when they didn’t care who saw whose private acts. However, these thoughts, combined with the continuing sounds of splattering liquids, only increased his own urgency to urinate and was tempted to just run next to him and whip it out. But Johnny was his friend; he couldn’t just leave him exposed for any student or, heaven forbid, Jim to catch him in the act.

“Ahhhh…” Johnny sighed, his eyes lowered and head leaned back. After realizing he had been peeing for a long time and still felt like he had a lot more in him, he decided to be a bit more daring and try something he always wanted to do. He turned slightly so that he was facing the concrete wall of the shed. He then aimed his stream at the wall, creating a slightly different splattering sound. Using the stream as his guide, he ‘painted’ a large capital ‘J’ right on the wall, followed by an ‘O’, then ‘H’, and so on until the word ‘JOHNNY’ was spelled out right on the wall. Right when he spelled out the final letter, his pee stream finally subsided into a few trickles and drops. He then stood back to admire his handiwork: The pee graffiti on the wall and the large puddle of foam in the grass. He then pushed out his last spurts of urine, gave his penis a few good shakes, placed it back in his pants and underwear, buttoned his underwear and zipped up his pants.

“Okay, I’m all done.” Johnny said smiling.

“Wow, you really did have to pee.” Hiroki said surprised.

“Told you.”

“Alright, now it’s my turn.” Hiroki said. However, just as he unzipped his pants, the warning bell rang, signifying that lunch was over and that class would start soon.

“Damn it.” Hiroki said zipping his pants back up.

“There’s still time for a quick pee if you hurry.” Johnny said.

“By the time I finish, I’ll be late enough.” Hiroki said. “I’ll just have to hold on until school’s over.”

“Well, good luck to you.” Johnny said.

And luck was all he had…

By sheer luck, Hiroki was able to make it through the entire day without leaking even a tiny bit, however, he wasn’t out of the woods yet. After packing up and leaving school grounds, he knew that he had still quite a walk to go before he reached the sweet relief of his own toilet. His situation became dire; his bladder in pain, screaming at him to just release the pee that it is still struggling to hold. Hiroki, however, wasn’t going to just let it go out in the open; he had to press on.

After running all the way from the school to his home, hands squeezing his privates and hopping up and down each time he tried to catch his breath, he finally came across his home. Before running inside, he looked at the sakura tree in his front yard and briefly considered sprinkling on it like a makeshift urinal, lest he risk wetting himself. Only he realized that he was out in the open, not hidden away like in his backyard or by the school’s garden shed. The tree was not an option. Fortunately, his next option was also his closest: The house’s bathroom. Hiroki made his way inside his house, still trying to keep himself from leaking. He reached the bathroom door, turned the knob, only to find out, to his utter disbelief, the door was locked.

‘No time to knock, let alone wait.’ Hiroki thought to himself.

Immediately, he kicked the door open right on the knob, breaking the latch and freeing the door. He then paused to see his sister, Yumi, with her pants and underwear already dropped down and about to sit on the toilet.

“Hiroki!” Yumi screamed. “What the hell do you think you’re doing? Get out!”

“No time!” Hiroki exclaimed. “I have to pee. I had to pee all morning, I couldn’t pee in the bathroom, I almost got caught peeing in the bushes, I missed my chance to pee by the shed and I was too nervous to pee on the tree near our house. So I suggest you get off the toilet and let me do my business.”

“Tough.” Yumi said sitting on the toilet. “I was here first.”

“Then you leave me no choice.” Hiroki said walking up to his sister.

“What are you doing?” Yumi asked.

Hiroki said nothing. He just unzipped his pants, unbuttoned his boxers, took out his penis, pulled back his foreskin (unlike his friend, Hiroki remained uncircumcised) and let loose a thick stream of pee on Yumi’s lap.

“Oh, gross!” Yumi said spreading her legs, giving Hiroki a clear shot at the water below.

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.” Hiroki sighed as his previously pent-up urine flowed freely into its proper place. Yumi couldn’t help but look at the golden arching stream all the way up to its source. Luckily, the only things on Hiroki’s mind were waterfalls, streams, floods and dams bursting under pressure; he was so immersed in relief that he didn’t notice Yumi watching him.

After nearly two and a half minutes, the stream slowed and stopped. Hiroki shook his penis, redid his pants and walked up to flush the toilet.

“Wait a minute.” Yumi said. “You still have to clean up the mess you made.”

“What mess?” Hiroki asked.

“Well, aside from my legs, your aim was a bit off.” Yumi said pointing to her urine-soaked pubic hair. “You got your pee all over my bush; I haven’t had a chance to go yet.”

“This is why it’s so much easier to just shave.” Hiroki said grabbing a few squares of toilet paper and wiping Yumi’s legs.

“I’ll do it when I feel the need to, now do your job.” Yumi said.

“Fine.” Hiroki said reaching towards her vagina and wiping the golden droplets clinging to the curly black hairs.

Once he finished, Yumi immediately let loose her pee onto Hiroki’s hand for a brief second and then cut it off.

“Eww!” Hiroki exclaimed.

“There, now we’re even.” Yumi said smirking.

“I’ll get you back.” Hiroki said.

“With what? You already emptied your bladder.” Yumi said. “Tell you what, since I watched you pee, you can watch me right now.”

“Really?” Hiroki asked. “Like when we were little before we got in the tub?”

“Exactly.” Yumi said.

“Wait, you were watching me pee?” Hiroki asked.

“Nevermind that.” Yumi said. “Besides, you pretty much destroyed the door, so it’s already like I have no privacy.”

“Well, go ahead then.” Hiroki said.

Immediately, Yumi resumed her after-school pee and gave Hiroki the full show: The sight of the thick, golden liquid leaving her urethra, the melodious tinkle, tinkle sound of the stream hitting the water and even the slight warm aroma that came with it. Once finished, she wiped her vagina, dropped the toilet paper in with her golden gifts, alongside the paper Hiroki used to clean Yumi, and then flushed.

“Remember, this never happened.” Yumi said as the two walked out. “And I won’t be giving you any more shows after this, so remember it fondly.”

“Don’t worry.” Hiroki said. “I won’t forget this for a long, long time.”

}}

*002*2013-10-23 01:14

{{ 

Well that was certainly exciting :O

I particularly favor chapter 4. All the peeing while standing... absolutely marvelous. Your stories are very well written and very well organized. It's rare to see a fanfic that has its paragraphs nicely spaced and with nigh perfect spelling and grammar. I'm afraid I don't have any constructive criticism to offer D:

Well done. I enjoyed reading those a lot.

}}

Thank you so much. Coming form you, that means a lot.

Expect more updates soon.

*004*2013-10-23 04:43

{{ 

Not familiar with the show but really liked this story nonetheless. What other shows are you familiar with? I would love to see a Sailor Moon omo fanfic.

}}

Unfortunately, I'm not all that knowledgeable on Sailor Moon, nor did it leave enough of a lasting impact on me. I really only write about shows/anime that have nostalgia value to me, but fortunately for most, it's not limited to obscure French cartoons.

Plus, I try to write about stuff that hasn't been done a million times unless I'm sure I can bring something better that no one else has.

*006*2013-10-23 05:19

{{ 

Cool, what shows have nostalgia value for you?

}}

Azumanga Daioh is my favorite anime series of all time; plenty of omo-fodder there as well.

I also find inspiration in Kino's Journey, another obscure anime series.

But really, all my attention is really focused on Code Lyoko. So other than those two, I'm not really sure I can write about any other show.

*008*2013-12-31 04:46

Finally, a new chapter has been written. Hopefully next time, I can do better than this.

Chapter 6: After Hours

It was nighttime at Kadic Academy. Jeremie and Aelita were coming back from the factory after a routine Lyoko mission. Fortunately, this was a mere research mission with no XANA attack in sight so Odd, Ulrich and Yumi were not needed for that night. When Aelita and Jeremie made their way out of the sewers and on school grounds, Aelita felt a strong sensation in her bladder: The urge to go to the bathroom. Normally she would just duck behind the bushes for a tinkle right about now, but Jeremie was in a hurry to get back to his dorm so that he and Aelita can look over the data they found. However, this was an emergency and Aelita had no choice but to let Jeremie know of her dilemma.

“Excuse me, Jeremie.” Aelita said. “Would you mind waiting a minute? I really need to go pee.”

“Aelita, we’re out far past curfew as it is.” Jeremie said. “Why didn’t you go when we were still at the factory?”

“I didn’t have to go then.” Aelita said.

“Well, we can’t stay out any later or we could risk Jim catching us.” Jeremie said. “Can you hold it until we get back in the dorms?”

Aelita just nodded.

“Good.” Jeremie said. “Just try not to think about using the bathroom in the meantime.”

After making it to the boys’ dormitories, Jeremie and Aelita quietly made their way to Jeremie’s room, hoping not to wake anyone up or, heaven forbid, alert Jim of their presence. For Aelita, though, this was the last thing on her mind. With her hands pressed against her crotch as her urge to urinate increased greatly, she noticed the door to the boys’ showers. Surely Jeremie wouldn’t mind if she snuck out for a bit while she did her business. Just as she was about to, though, Jeremie grabbed her arm and dragged her into his room and slowly closed the door.

“Jeremie, what are you…?”

“Shh…” Jeremie said as he gestured toward the peephole on the door. “Look.”

Aelita looked and saw Jim patrolling the halls with a flashlight, looking to see if any student was dumb enough to be out this late past curfew.

“That was close.” Aelita said. “I think I felt myself leak a bit.”

“Do you still have to go?” Jeremie said.

“Of course.” Aelita said. “There’s plenty more where that came from.”

“Too much information.” Jeremie said. “Either way, it looks like it’s not gonna happen.”

“What? But I have to pee.” Aelita said bouncing up and down.

“If Jim catches you up here, it’s detention for both of us.” Jeremie said. “And we need each other to decipher these codes.”

“But…”

“No buts.” Jeremie said. “You’re just gonna have to hold it until the heat’s off.”

“But that could take all night.” Aelita winced. “Isn’t that dangerous?”

“Don’t worry Aelita.” Jeremie said nonchalantly. “Nobody has ever died of a full bladder.”

“If you say so.” Aelita said.

Jeremie and Aelita then got to work on the data they had uncovered. The two would take turns sifting through the data so that Aelita could focus on holding it. However, once Aelita’s turn came, she could barely get anything done due to her being distracted by her aching bladder. She desperately wanted to take a break so she could have a nice pee and not worry about anything else. But every time she asked or tried to make a break for it, Jeremie would give her the same response: It’s too risky.

Aelita knew that after the Skidbladnir debacle that they had no choice but to keep low, but she never imagined that such heightened security would come at a time where her bladder was screaming for release. Why didn’t she just go in the factory, or better yet, just take off her panties and peed as she walked across the woods. Either way it was too late now, she either had to pee here and now, or go through an incredibly painful night of keeping her bladder from leaking. As time passed, she knew she had no choice.

“Jeremie, please!” Aelita said rubbing her legs against each other. “Surely you must have an alternative.”

“Well…” Jeremie said digging through the junk on his desk. He then found an empty water bottle, perfect for holding a large amount of liquid.

“Here you go.” Jeremie said handing it to her. Aelita just stared at the bottle dumbfounded.

“Jeremie, I can’t pee in a water bottle.” Aelita said. “I’m a girl.”

“Oh, my mistake.” Jeremie said embarrassed. “If I had a funnel, it would probably help.”

“Well you don’t, so keep looking.” Aelita snapped.

“Alright alright.” Jeremie said.

He continued to look around the room, hoping to find something for the poor girl to relieve herself in. Just then, he noticed a large drum shape object in the corner of his room.

“A wastebasket, perfect.” Jeremie said picking it up. “It’s just about the same shape and size of a regular toilet; it’s perfect for you.”

“I guess I have no choice.” Aelita said still in pain.

“Hold on.” Jeremie said. He then grabbed a box of tissue paper and set a few layers across the bottom of the can. “This is so your pee doesn’t echo in the can.”

“Thanks.” Aelita said. “But I am gonna need a couple sheets for cleaning myself when I’m done.”

Jeremie just handed her a couple sheets of tissue and Aelita went over to the trashcan.

“Don’t look.” She snapped.

As soon as Jeremie turned around, Aelita lifted her nightshirt up partway and lowered her panties, exposing the lovely pink hair covering her vagina. Once her garments were out of the way, she immediately hovered over the large container and relaxed. Once relaxed, a large torrent of pee made its way out of her body and splattered onto the tissue-lined bottom of the can. As the pain left her bladder, Aelita let out an audible sigh in sweet relief; she never had to go this badly in her life and she was glad she finally did. Although he still had his head turned, Jeremie couldn’t help but blush as he heard his close friend sigh and giggle in relief as she was doing such a private act only inches away from him.

After just over a minute, Aelita’s pee stream began to die down. After pushing out the last few spurts, she looked in awe at the yellow liquid below her and on her pubic hairs and between her labia. She then grabbed a tissue sheet and wiped her vagina until not a drop of urine remained stuck to her.

Just then the door opened.

“What is going on in here?” They heard a voice shout as a bright light shone at their faces.

Jeremie and Aelita looked and saw that Jim had heard them and wanted to see who was being this noisy at this late at night. However, they noticed Jim drifted off as his attention shifted to Aelita, still naked from the waist down on her makeshift toilet as she finished wiping herself and dropped the tissue paper in the wastebasket.

“Sorry Jim, I just…”

“You two!” He shouted. “Principal’s office. First thing tomorrow morning.”

He then slammed the door and walked out. Aelita then just glared at Jeremie.

“So much for keeping it low, right Jeremie?” She asked angrily.

“Hey, at least you’re relieved now, right?” Jeremie asked awkwardly.

“Whatever.” Aelita said leaving the room. “Goodnight Jeremie.”

With that, Jeremie called it a night. With what had happened these past few minutes, it wasn’t like he was going to be focused enough to get any work done now.

