How many of you would be into this kind of story?

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2024-02-27 04:11

Two female characters having some kinky sessions together, and not only wetting (and of course there will be wetting), but also:

Farting Having not washed or changed for at least a week (not necessarily wetting during that time, just during the story's events, but let me know if you'd like long-time re-wetting to be a part of it, I certainly wouldn't be opposed to writing it) Messing. (If you would like the first two but not this, let me know and I can omit it) There is a story I am thinking of writing that is this and maybe do more, but I want to know if anyone would be interested. (Besides the one user who is RP-ing this with me)

*002*2024-02-27 17:26

Wetting will be one of them, otherwise it wouldn't belong here.

*005*2024-02-28 04:40

{{11 hours ago, SpaceWonderer said:

I think it doesn't belong to this section.

}}

But as long as there is wetting (at least prominently featured) and no banned content, it does, doesn't it? My story would have involved them needing to pee really badly, and one of them sitting on the other one's butt and wetting herself, causing the other one to pee herself as well.

*008*2024-02-29 01:21

Now that it comes down to it... I don't know if I will post any more stories because I don't have a lot of confidence with it anymore. I wrote another one that is mainly just wetting (only other thing being soap/washing in pajamas after the wettings) and you might think it is a really fun scenario, but I am not confident anymore as few people read my stories anyway.

