Princess Daisy's First Sleepover

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2024-07-17 19:25

I've been thinking a lot about Daisy lately, so I'll play out another omo scenario I like to think about with her.

This will be shorter than some of the others, and not put a lot of detail into non-wetting stuff. There will be a bit of her smelling bad and getting a bath to begin with (I kind of like the former depiction of her and the latter is a fun fetishy branch of my wam interest), but it will be over pretty fast and get to the wetting after.

Princess Daisy's First Sleepover

Princess Daisy was very excited for her first sleepover with Princess Peach and Rosalina. To pass the time, she did a lot of running, maintaining her speed, wearing her sports outfit.

...

Peach and Rosalina waited at a room in Peach's Castle, wearing their pajamas. For Peach, pink pajama pants and shirt. For Rosalina, blue pajama pants and shirt with stars on it.

Then Daisy entered. "Hi Peach! Hi Rosalina! I'm ready for our sleepover! This is gonna be so much fun!"

Peach and Rosalina sniffed.

"Phew! When was the last time you changed out of that ouftit?" Peach asked.

"Or took a shower?" Rosalina asked.

"Let's see..." Daisy thought for a minute. "Two weeks ago. Maybe longer."

"Two weeks? Are you kidding?" Rosalina sniffed. "But I believe it."

"We don't want to have a sleepover with a princess who smells like that," said Peach. "You're getting a bath!"

"Wha-?"

Peach and Rosalina grabbed Daisy, their faces turning green smelling her up close, and dragged her to the bathroom. Peach caught a whiff of Daisy's armpit and nearly threw up. Rosalina held Daisy in place while Peach filled the tub with warm, soapy water. Once the tub was full, Peach and Rosalina threw the stinky princess into the tub. They washed her all over with soap. Daisy splashed around at first, but eventually resigned herself to her bath, and allowed Peach to wash her rear end.

Once Daisy was clean, she changed out of her wet sports outfit and into her pajamas, a yellow pajama shirt and orange pajama pants.

"Sorry for the smell from earlier," said Daisy. "I never thought about how unpleasant I would be to be around."

"You smell nice now, so it's all good," said Peach.

So, they spent the night having pillow fights, telling ghost stories, and other fun activities. Daisy really enjoyed all this.

Eventually, it was time for bed. They climbed into their sleeping bags and fell asleep.

...

Daisy dreamed that she was playing in the mud, and then Peach and Rosalina threw her in the tub and washed her again. She enjoyed it and let them wash her. She had to go to the bathroom, so, as she was already wet, she peed right where she was. It felt so warm, and somehow wetter than the rest of the water.

As Daisy slept, a hissing noise could be heard emanating from her as she wet her sleeping bag. She let out a little sigh in her sleep.

She woke up in the morning. She stretched, yawned, farted, and then felt her pajamas. They were wet.

"Good morning, Daisy," said Peach.

"Good morning, Peach," said Daisy.

Peach sniffed. "What's that smell?"

"I probably should've told you. I wet the bed. Usually a few times a week. I hope you're not disgusted at me like you were with my smell."

"Are you kidding? I think it's adorable!"

"Me too," said Rosalina.

"Really?" Daisy asked with a smile.

"Absolutely," said Peach. "Besides, once or twice a month sometimes I dream that I really have to go but I can't find a bathroom, and either end up wetting myself or find a toilet and pee, and wake up in wet pajamas." She blushed lightly. "So you're not the only bedwetting princess."

Daisy giggled a bit.

"So, when you're sleeping over with us, you don't have to feel ashamed when you wet the bed," said Rosalina. "Find the fun in it."

"I sure will!" said Daisy, and she got out of her sleeping bag, showing off her wet pajamas. "Do you mind giving me another bath?"

"Not at all," said Peach, and they walked to the bathroom.

...

On their next sleepover, Daisy woke up in the middle of the night. She felt her pajama pants. They were dry. She was actually disappointed because of this. But, it occurred to her, she didn't have to stay dry. She'd wet her sleeping bag once already, and Peach and Rosalina were fine with it. They seemed to like it, even. So, Daisy sighed of relief as she peed her pajamas. She could hear the hissing noise and smell the pee as it filled her pants and her sleeping bag. She felt dirty knowing she was deliberately peeing herself inside her sleeping bag, and she liked it. Once she was done relieving herself in her pajamas, she sighed again, and lay for a few more seconds before she fell asleep.

"Rise and shine, Daisy!" said Peach the next morning.

"Morning, Peach," said Daisy. "Another wet morning for me."

"Teehee!" Peach giggled. "So adorable."

"I think she peed her pajamas on purpose," said Rosalina.

Daisy blushed lightly.

"Ooh, why?" Peach asked.

"I was awake when I heard her peeing, and the sounds she was making sounded more like she was awake than asleep."

Daisy giggled nervously. "I was hoping you'd think I peed in my sleep again."

"I think it's kind of funny," said Peach.

"Me too," said Rosalina. "We'll always like seeing you in wet PJ's."

Daisy smiled. "Hey, since I went a bit earlier, I'm not entirely empty yet. You don't mind if I finish right here, do you?"

"Go right ahead," said Peach.

Ssssssss...

"Ahhhhhh..."

