Office Plant Pot Watering

Author: Trembleholder

*000*2021-04-30 21:57

Tensing up his muscles, Aaron sat at his desk crossed legged. He's been bursting for ages, one sip of water led to another till nearly 2 hours later he had drank almost 3 1/2 litres. Working away at his desk job had it's benefits , for one it distracted him and two he could hold himself without the worry of someone stumbling upon him. Squeezing the tip of his dick periodically, made the holding slightly easier yet sweat had already started to bead it's self across his forehead. His break wasn't scheduled for another 2 hours yet and he tried not to think upon the fact he knew he couldn't hold it for that long.

The sudden noise of his phone ringing made his nerves jump , distracting him from his problem for a few seconds, allowing a hard stream to exit itself from his slit. It only lasted a few short seconds as he grabbed his crotch and the phone , but he could feel the hot wetness of his underwear taunting his dick to leak further. Oh how he wanted to just relax his poor aching bladder and watch the steaming puddle grow. But no!, he must hold and stay on the line for as long as he could. At this point Aaron was dancing. Not being able to keep still in his office chair,he swung the seat from side to side, bending over every now and again to try and keep the liquid held tight. 10 Minutes later , eventually his phone call ended and he knew he had to piss somewhere and quick!.

Panicking he glanced around his small boxed office , The Bin? , The Plant? , The Water bottle? he couldn't choose!. He was torn between his desperate need and the fear of being caught, another jet of piss signalled he needed to make the choice. Rolling the chair over the large potted plant next to his desk , he scrambled to loosen his belt and zip, ripping down his soaked underwear his dick sprung up and immediately starting spewing golden liquid out of his tip, Aiming it down to the dry soil he gave the plant a good long soaking. A relived gasp escaped his lips as his tummy deflated and the pot became a splashing, swimming pool of piss. He pissed for around 5 minutes until a knock at his door made his almost empty bladder cease instantly, sending a shock wave through his bladder and an whimper escape Aaron.

In walked his coworker Sarah , good job he manged to tuck his dick back in, as she walked her nose caught the strong smell of ammonia and then to the puddle still sinking into the soil of the plant. She then looked to Aaron who was now unsuccessfully trying to keep the remainder of his liquids inside. As he was about to start explaining himself his dick started to piss again involuntarily, with an audible hiss. Sarah watched as a defeated Aaron saw the dark patch on his crotch grow from the size of an apple till it was the size of a basket ball. Fully relieved , he put his head in his hands and waited for the response from a disgusted Sarah.

