Palutena vs. Phosphora

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-06-11 17:15

Since no one else is going to do this, I thought I would. Forgive me if I was off a bit because I haven't played the Kid Icarus games, just Super Smash Bros., but I did do a bit of research on them to try to keep it accurate. Both Palutena and Phosphora sound somewhat playful so it is kind of easy to imagine them doing this.

###

Pit, Palutena, Dark Pit, Viridi, and Phosphora were having a dinner together as a sign of their alliance after Hades's defeat. Though there was still a bit of rivalry between the two sides, as Viridi still disliked humans, despite no longer waging war on them.

So, sometimes they'd have competitions. Phosphora of course challenged Pit and Dark Pit to a race, which she won. Pit would defeat her at an archery contest, and sometimes Palutena would compete with Viridi. They never really kept score, and kept it relatively friendly.

One day, Palutena was feeling particularly daring.

"Which of you two wants to have a holding contest with me?" said Palutena.

"Ooh, that sounds like fun!" said Phosphora. "I'm in!"

"Fine with me," said Viridi. "I'm not doing it."

Pit, Dark Pit, and Viridi stood to the side while Palutena and Phosphora each drank ten large bottles of soda. And the holding contest was on!

"Don't even think of racing to the bathroom," said Palutena. "If you leave this room, I'll assume that's what you're doing, and I win by default."

"I wouldn't do that!" said Phosphora. "I'm holding it to the end!"

Both of them were looking forward to what was to come. They'd never done such a contest before and it would be so much fun.

After about half an hour, they were feeling an urge to pee. Palutena held herself slightly, but tried to stay still so Phosphora wouldn't see how desperate she was.

"I gotta go pee!" said Phosphora, making less effort to hide it, holding herself and fidgeting slightly.

Pit felt confident seeing Phosphora was more visibly desperate than Palutena.

As another half hour went by, Palutena and Phosphora's need to pee was growing by the minute. Palutena fidgeted slightly with a pained expression on her face, still holding herself, while Phosphora was holding herself with both hands and pee dancing.

"How are you holding up, Phosphora?" said Palutena. "No pun intended."

Phosphora giggled slightly. "I really gotta go!"

"I can hold it for longer. I've never held to bursting point before."

"Neither have I."

"Come on, Phosphora, you can beat her," said Viridi.

Their bladders became even more full as the minutes went by, and they reached a level of desperation they'd never felt before. They'd usually have gone before now.

"I've never had to pee this badly before," said Palutena, holding herself with both hands now. "I don't know how much longer I can hold it!"

Phosphora was pee dancing more than ever. "I gotta go potty REAL BAD!" She considered making a break for the bathroom at top speed, but remembered what Palutena had said, plus she wanted to do this contest to the end and see how long she could hold for. A part of her was also curious as to what it felt like to just lose control.

Palutena was also curious about this.

Another hour went by, during which they became even more desperate. The pressure in their bladders was intense. Palutena pee danced, feeling the pee sloshing around in her, while Phosphora sat down, crossed her legs, and fidgeted with a pained expression on her face.

Pit, Dark Pit, and Viridi could tell how badly they needed to go and there was no telling who was going to win. Any second they expected one of them to start wetting herself.

"I really really really REALLY gotta go!" said Phosphora, fidgeting a bit as she leaked into her skintight white shorts.

"So do I." Palutena whimpered as she leaked into her white panties, and held herself more tightly.

Phosphora stood up, hoping a pee dance would work better than crossing her legs.

Over the course of ten minutes, they leaked a little more, dampening and yellowing their outfits a little, but they knew it wouldn't be over until one of them lost total control. They felt they were going to burst any minute now. While both hoped to outlast the other, they were also really excited to experience a full blown loss of control.

"Uhhhnnn..." Palutena leaked for five seconds. Her underwear was soaked and her dress was slowly going from damp to wet, but she held the rest of it in.

Phosphora whimpered as she also leaked for five seconds, and a bit of pee trickled down her leg. She quickly sat back down and resumed crossing her legs.

"You got this, Palutena," said Pit. "She can't last much longer!"

"Neither can Palutena," said Viridi.

After another minute, Palutena leaked for three seconds.

Phosphora leaked for four. She was able to stop the flow, but then suddenly a powerful stream burst out of her, soaking her shorts and forming a puddle where she sat. Phosphora desperately tried to hold it back, but she couldn't. She was peeing full force. She let out a sigh of relief, enjoying the warm wetness as it soaked her crotch and butt.

"Yes! I win!" said Palutena.

"I knew you could do it," said Pit.

"Next time," said Viridi.

After about a minute, Phosphora stood up, still peeing, and let the wetness flow down her legs. She let out another sigh of satisfaction at this sensation. She had a feeling she was going to wet herself again many times in the future.

The sight of the pee gushing down Phosphora's legs caused Palutena to lose control. She started wetting herself, feeling her panties overflow as the crotch of her dress became wet, and pee flowed down her legs. She sighed in relief, taking pleasure in the loss of control and the warm wetness that came with it. Besides, she'd already won the contest.

"It feels good, doesn't it?" said Phosphora, not seeming the least bit disappointed that she lost.

"Mm-hmm."

At first, Pit felt bad for Palutena, but saw how much she was enjoying this. He wasn't sure he'd ever do this, but if Palutena thought it was fun, that was her choice and who was he to judge?

After another minute, both Phosphora and Palutena were still peeing. Palutena remembered that Phosphora had started wetting herself in sitting position, so, out of curiosity, she sat in her puddle and felt the wetness soak her dress further.

Phosphora finished peeing after another minute, during which Palutena stood back up to feel the pee running down her legs again. The back of her white dress was wet and stained yellow from the butt down, while Phosphora's shorts were absolutely drenched and completely yellow. Palutena also finished peeing after a total of about three minutes, and sighed in relief and satisfaction.

"What do you say we take a shower together?" said Phosphora.

"Sounds good," said Palutena.

Still in their pee-soaked outfits, Palutena and Phosphora walked into the shower to rinse themselves off. They were both looking forward to experimenting with wetting themselves in the future, and maybe having a rematch!

