Hot & Cold

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2017-11-27 18:30

(this is just a rambling explanation about the why of this story that's not really related to the story itself at all, which starts at the obvious big red title thingy)

So, I was kind of stuck in 3 longer stories, with one really old one that I still had to finish but I didn't really like my final chapter and I'm putting off editing, also because when it's finished I want to publish it as a whole, and a lot of things in chapters that have already been posted have changed since then. I'm also writing another multi-chapter story that I just do for fun, but I'm only going to start posting when I am further along with it than I am now. And the other has been in the making for over a year now that's a really big one, and I've spent a lot of time writing history and setting for it that isn't necessarily all going to be in the eventual story at all.

So, today I just wanted to write something "shorter" that I could instantly post here. "Shorter" because it became about twice the length I planned it to be when I started. As tends to happen. But at least it's all one part. And I wrote it in one sitting. No proof-reading either so please forgive typo's and misplaced sentences or tell me about them before the edit-deadline has passed . So it's been pretty productive day in terms of writing but it also means I've done literally nothing else over the past 9 hours (except for occasionally peeing myself ) and I'd be fine with that if someone would pay me a living wage to publish short omo stories all the time, but I don't think that's going to happen. Anyway, it's time high time to eat something for me so here is:

Hot & Cold

It’s just past 10 in the evening when the elevator doors open on the 8th floor of the student housing building. Inside is a short girl with slightly damp blonde hair in her second year at the university, wearing a white longsleeve shirt under her thick black winter coat. Over her left shoulder hangs a bag containing her sporting gear. Her jeans are mostly dark-blue, but light-blue on most of the outside of the legs and almost half of the front. She had just taken a shower, but is ready for another one already. As she steps out of the elevator, she leaves behind a small yellowish puddle and makes sopping sounds with every step. When she reaches the door of her corridor, a trail of wet footsteps connects it to the elevator shaft. The twenty year old had wet her pants.

She should’ve gone before she left the sports hall. She could’ve easily let it flow during the shower she just took, but somehow she didn’t really feel it back then, which was rare for her. Usually she feels it coming at least half an hour before it is too late, especially under running water. Today though, she only felt it after she had already stepped out into the winter cold and started driving her bike back home, and she started peeing herself as soon as the elevator started going up. Of course this happens today of all days, when she was wearing jeans. At least she managed to hold it until she was inside, otherwise the cold would’ve quickly frozen her now warm and wet clothes. She longed for the summer, when she didn’t need tights and she could just wear her water-resistant sandals or flip-flops, leaving only a puddle as proof when she couldn’t hold on long enough.

Normally, Sophie would wear a skirt, but today had been too cold for that even with her thickest of tights. Instead, she had to wear those under her pants to get any semblance of warmth, especially in the evenings this particularly cold week. Which means that, instead of it only being mildly noticeable on her black tights just after it happened like on normal cold days, this accident was obvious to anyone noticing her in the periphery of their field of view. So she counted her blessings for the fact that she was alone in the elevator, nobody was in the hall between the 4 corridors on her floor, and that she also encountered nobody when she entered hers.

In her room, Sophie quickly peels off her soaked shoes, socks, pants and tights and throws them in her laundry basket together with the clothes in her bag. She dries her legs and privates with the towel lying next to it, and takes a clean pair of loose fitting dark blue silk pajama pants with several forms of light blue and pink decorations all over it from her closet to cover herself. She uses the same towel to get rid of the trail going from the front door towards her room, dumps it back inside, gets a clean towel and walks towards the shower. Once done, she just wears the towel while she holds her clothes in her hands.

Back in her room, she dries off her body as well as much as she can before putting the towel around her hair, and takes the pajama sweater that goes with the pants before opening the box that stands on the ground in the same closet. She figured, since she already peed before bed, she might as well put on a diaper already. In the privacy of her own room she could protect herself without embarrassment; there was nobody around to see the slight and unusual bulge under her pajamas or the band that could sometimes be seen between the two pieces of clothing.

After about 15 minutes of checking her social media while waiting and occasionally rubbing her hair between the towel, she figures it’s dry enough to go to sleep. She lifts the duvet and positions her body under it while the extra layer of protection below her crackles. She was happy she had bought it together with the spare sheets for her bed, for nights like yesterday when her diaper leaked a little bit. She wants to keep her mattress in top condition, after all. In just under 5 minutes, Sophie drifts off to sleep.

###

BEEEEEEEP. BEEEEEEEP. BEEEEEEEP. BEEEEEEEP. BEEEEEEEP.

Annoyed, Sophie wakes up. The deafening sound of the fire alarm again. She checks the time; 2:45. Damn. This happened almost once every week. Drunk people shouldn’t be allowed to cook when they come back from their parties, or at least learn to open a window. She rolls to her left side and puts her second pillow on her right ear like she always did. It’d probably be over in 5 minutes and she had no choice but to wait, and this made it slightly less unbearable.

But tonight, it just kept on going. Annoyance makes way for frustration and anger when she looks at her phone again; just past 2:55, so it had been over 10 minutes. What the fuck? It never lasts this long! She rolls on her back again and pushes both pillows against her ears as hard as she could while a groan escapes her gritted teeth. She is completely awake now.

THUMP THUMP THUMP

Sophie is startled as someone loudly knocks on her door, her pillows falling away from her ears. Someone is trying to open her locked door, she can hear by the sounds coming from her door handle.

“ANYONE HERE?” a man screams from the other side. “YOU NEED TO GET OUT!”

Shit, is it serious this time? She remembered feeling like such a fool running out of the building the first time this happened last year and finding nobody else there while the alarm stopped. But she had also felt relief, since in her haste she hadn’t noticed how she already wet herself that night and anyone else there would’ve noticed it hanging lower than the short night gown she usually wore in summer. This night she hadn’t wet herself just yet, but she did need to get out of the diaper. She couldn’t be seen wearing one in public! So far, she had kept her accidents well-hidden since she started studying here. Sometimes through luck like today, often through skill and experience.

Except for two times when she was drunk, which was a legit excuse of course, and one time when she pretended to have drank too much alcohol when she wet the bed during the introduction camp even though she had carefully avoided that. Her savior back then was the fact that she wasn’t the only one. For the second of the two nights, she had made up an excuse about feeling homesick and leaving to avoid it happening again the next night, and sure enough nobody ever teased her about it. But when people combine the knowledge of those times with seeing her wearing a diaper it would be social suicide. She did not want to become known as ‘that girl that pees herself’ again like in high school. She had to change into normal panties.

“Uuuuhhh, just a minute!” Sophie replies.

“I don’t have a minute. We have to make sure everybody is outside and safe,” the man says. “If you do not open this door in 5 seconds, I am going to have to break it open.”

Shit. Sophie quickly jumps out of bed and opens the door; she needs her door to not be broken if she wants to keep her night-time incontinence a secret. She pleads with the tall fireman behind it in a hushed tone.

“Please, I’m wearing a diaper. I can’t be seen like that! Can I change into panties before I go down?”

“Safety comes before embarrassment. You need to get out so I can go on checking rooms,” he answers sternly, while pushing Sophie into the corridor. Luckily, no other inhabitants of the corridor are there.

She has to act quickly now if she wants to keep her protection a secret. She puts her hands down her pants over her hips, and forcefully tears the sides of her diaper, before pulling it out of her pants and throwing it through her door back in her room. She is happy to see it landing in a dark spot, not too noticeable if you’re not actively peering into the room, since the fireman lifts her up and carries her away over his shoulder before she can close the door.

Hanging over his shoulder, she is confused why they are moving away from the door, but then she realizes the slight haze of smoke hanging in the corridor, and through the window next to the door she can see that it’s way more misty behind it.

The fireman opens the emergency exit and puts Sophie down, aggressively stating she needs to go down the stairs here, on the outside of the building. She has no choice to oblige, and follows the few students who are also making their way down the same fire exit. Through the open cage that surrounds the stairs, she can see that most of the building has already evacuated.

Only when she is done walking down the stairs, the cold truly hits her, and makes her realize her bladder isn’t empty anymore. It’s a winter night, well below freezing, and Sophie is wearing just a pair of pajamas, no socks and not even any underwear, and she starts shivering immediately when she stops walking and is standing in the crowd of evacuated students. Some are wearing thermal blankets, and others are huddled together in groups. Looking around, she could see dark smoke rising from a room on the third floor on the other side of the building from her own. Behind the smoke, flames could be seen. At least nobody she knew lived there. Suddenly Sophie is startled by the sound of someone yelling through a megaphone.

“ATTENTION NEW EVACUEES! WE HAVE A LIMITED AMOUNT OF THERMAL BLANKETS. THEY ARE RESERVED FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT OR BARELY CLOTHED. OTHERS NEED TO FIND A GROUP TO KEEP EACH OTHER WARM.”

She looks around, and saw several students who managed to put on their normal clothes before evacuating. Some are still just wearing pajamas but had jackets and coats on, often sharing them with someone else. What her shivering body wouldn’t give now to get her own winter coat down here, or move a bit closer to the fire, but both actions were strictly prohibited at this moment. Sophie isn’t fully clothed, but looking around she sees that completely bare legs are coming from under every thermal blanket, so she probably won’t qualify. Besides, she really isn’t looking forward to telling people how she is naked under her pajamas. Pajamas that are definitely too thin for this kind of weather. So she looks around to see if she recognizes familiar faces to huddle together with, but most of her friends live in other buildings, and she isn’t looking forward to becoming intimate with strangers either.

“Sophie! Over here!” a voice exclaims.

Sophie turns around and sees one of the girls living in the same corridor, 2 rooms over from her, standing in between a group of her friends. Her name is Heather, and she is wearing one of her normal short dresses despite her messy brown hair indicating that she had been sleeping before. Sophie only vaguely recognizes some of the faces next to Heather’s, but she walks over to them anyway. Better than nothing.

Sophie joins the group by inserting herself right next to Heather, who immediately puts her left arm around her shivering shoulders. A barely clothed boy on her other side follows suit by putting an arm around her middle, his hand landing on her hip.

“Hey, are you excited to see me?” he says. Sophie looks up to the guy’s unfamiliar face in a puzzled fashion, and finds the guy’s gaze directed straight onto her chest. She looks down and sees the nipples of her B-cup breasts clearly protruding through the fabric of her pajamas. Damn cold. The only part of Sophie’s body warming so far is her face.

“Steve! You fucking perve!” Heather yells.

“You know it babe!” he answers, while putting his hand on Heather’s hip just shy of her butt. Immediately, Heather shoves the hand away with the arm that was around Sophie and strikes Steve’s face with her flat right hand.

“Fuck, can you just not be a creep for once? Come on Sophie, let’s get away from this douche.” Heather puts her arm back around Sophie and leads her around the group to the other side, where they are welcomed in between 4 other girls, all packed together more tightly than the guys in the rest of the group dare to.

“Damn, Steve, you’re such a lady killer!” one of the guys says teasingly.

“Yeah, you killed their moods in no time,” another responds, resulting in all the guys laughing about it.

“Shit, how do so many dudes turn into creeps the first chance they get?” one of the girls around Sophie and Heather says.

“Yeah, just look over there,” another responds.

“Holy shit, that’s pathetic,” says Heather.

Looking around, Sophie sees that most groups are segregated by gender, and a few guys wearing only boxers are trying to join several groups that were girl-only with the excuse that they are cold. Now that she looked at it, almost all people in thermal blankets are girls, with only a few of the boys opting for one next to two obvious couples that shared it.

One of the nearly naked guys that has an obviously way too large bulge considering the temperature he was in is standing outside the group of girls he picked as a target, some of which were only wearing tanktops and panties, and trying to squeeze himself in. All the girls around Sophie are taking in the spectacle, and they burst out laughing as the group tightens up and collectively shuffles away from him. Sophie can’t afford to laugh though. She has to focus on something else. Something that’s supposed to get harder when it’s cold.

The limited warmth from the people around her does help a bit, but it is still cold enough that it emphasizes why Sophie needed protection at night. She needs to go again, despite not drinking any water since her accident in the elevator, and it is coming on quickly helped by there being nothing in between her urethra and the cold air that easily flow into her loose pajama pants. The bottle of water she drank before she left the sports hall apparently hadn’t made it through her kidneys yet when she wet herself. She looks over to the bushes besides the entrance to the building, bushes she has so often used as a cover when she knew she couldn’t make it to her corridor. So often had she squatted there with her skirt hiked up and pee gushing through her panties. But she can’t think about that now, or it’s going to gush through her pajamas real soon.

And the bush isn’t going to be her savior now; it seems like there is always at least one guy relieving himself there, and with several of extremely creepy guys walking around she will not take the risk of exposing her privates to one of them. If she had panties on, maybe she could’ve just peed through them without giving a show. Then again, wet panties in this kind of weather would not be ideal either. Suddenly, a few drops escape her, dampening her lips, and Sophie is reminded to not look in the direction of peeing people again. She would just need to hold it. But that has never been a good solution for her and as a wave of need quickly follows the leak, she jams her hands against her privates, hoping it’ll help.

Feeling the familiar form of her crotch area directly through the fabric of her pants makes her hyper aware of the fact that she’s not wearing anything beneath. Sophie realizes that any leaks bigger than the one she just had would end up directly in her pants, and despite the dark color she knew from experience that it would be very clear if she ends up having an accident in them.

So she looks around again, taking in everything that she sees, in hopes of finding or thinking of a solution. The fire seems under control, but it doesn’t seem like they would be getting back inside before it was too late for her. Even 15 minutes would be too much now. She knows exactly how small her bladder is and how weak her muscles are down there, despite kegel exercises.

As her investigation reaches the area behind the other side of the group, she notices the gazes of most of the guys being in her general direction, towards the girls in the group, and several resting in the middle between the ground and her face. Even one of the girls, who is wearing a light blue nightgown that almost reaches her knees, is looking almost straight down in Sophie’s direction, and as she looks down too she realizes that it’s pretty clear she is pushing the silk fabric straight into her privates, giving her a visible cameltoe right between her hands. So she pulls the fabric out of her lips and resorts to just crossing her legs, resulting in several gazes changing their area of focus. The girl that was looking down now sympathetically looks Sophie right in the eyes. She leans over to whisper in her ears.

“Can you hold it?” she asks.

“Not for long,” Sophie whispers back with a panicky voice. No sense in lying now. If she doesn’t find a solution soon, it’ll become clear to everyone anyway.

“Fuck,” the girl says followed by a nod in Heather’s direction, who then walks away from the group.

“She’s going to look for a spot,” the girl continues while laying a hand on Sophie’s shoulder reassuringly, “I need to go too by the way.”

Sophie flexes her thighs an clenches her jaws to help keep inside the contents of her bladder, now almost filled to its low capacity, while she watches Heather walking away and inspecting the area until she is out of sight.

Over the next 5 minutes, everyone in the direct vicinity figures out that Sophie is almost peeing herself. She is trying to hold it without her hands, and that results in her hopping from foot to foot constantly. At least the movement helps her become a little less cold, but ultimately it’s not enough. When she feels her bladder spasm she knows she is going to completely lose it without her hands, and while bending over she jams them straight into her crotch again with all the force she can muster, including the crotch of her pants.

As the fabric pushes into her privates, it immediately starts sticking to them as the area starts to feel warm for the first time since she left the corridor; she couldn’t prevent a big spurt from escaping before she regains control, and it immediately soaks the crotch of her pants. Instinctively, she repositions her hands so that they cover the wetness from witnesses, but she can barely manage; the patch immediately grew to almost the size of her hands, and while she holds herself through the soaked silk with one, the other hand hovers on front if that one to block her upper thighs from view. She just has to hope the backside isn’t that obviously wet when she straightens up again.

“Come on, just hold on a little bit longer,” the sympathetic girl says while shifting her legs around each other, “Heather’s returning!”

Sophie’s pained face looks up in the direction that Heather had previously walked away in, and gains back a bit of hope from the smile on her face.

“Hey, I found a secluded spot just a few hundred meters that way!” she says as she returned. Immediately a look of relief comes over the other girl’s face as she steps over to Heather. Outside the group she turns around, still doing a pee dance, and signals Sophie. “Are you coming?” she asks.

Sophie isn’t too sure about walking, but she knows she has to now. One of the other girls, clearly understanding the situation, steps to the side to let her pass, but before that Sophie needs a few moments of shifting her crossed legs against each other in a composed pee dance and flexing all the muscles around her privates to gain her posture. A few seconds later, she takes the necessary steps to get out of the group without leaking, a big accomplishment if you ask her.

As she reaches the other two, they start walking towards the sheltered location in normal steps, but they’re a bit too big for Sophie. She follows them for the first few meters, but then she feels her bladder getting ready to spasm again. Now away from direct onlookers hiding the wet spot isn’t a priority anymore, and she tries to hold while walking by just forcing both her hands against her urethra and closing it down. It isn’t enough though, and as her bladder spasms the pressure on it builds so quickly that she has to stop, bend over and cut off the flow again.

She manages, but not before a big part of it flows out anyway, through her pajamas and partly over her hands dripping down on the road below her, partly following her smooth legs and rolling straight down them towards her ankles but most alarmingly, partly expanding through the silk fabric and several streaks reaching her knees both on the inside and backside of her legs. An all too familiar feeling. She realizes she isn’t going to make it to the spot Heather had found.

“Sophie, are you okay?” Heather asks when she realizes Sophie isn’t keeping up. She doesn’t need an answer, as she walks back over near enough to see the wet pajamas by the faint lights of the lamps by the road in front of the building.

“Shit, we need to hurry! Come on Sophie, it’s just right around the corner over there!” she says in response.

“Can’t walk, I’ll pee!” Sophie says decisively.

“Just try it! You’ll wet yourself anyway if you stay here,” Heather tries to reason.

That’s true enough; Sophie knows it’s too late. She is having an accident and she won’t be fooling anyone about it. That much would be clear even if she managed to hold on by the amount she had already done in her pants. And she is not able to hold on. Her choice is to have the rest of it here or at best 20 meters from here. Depending on the spot Heather had found, it would be at least 50 meters.

Eventually, she figures that it’s better to pee yourself with as little people around as possible. So she starts running. As soon as she takes the first big step, her bladder starts pushing with all its might, and her urethra opens to the point where you don’t have a chance of stopping again until it’s almost empty. Immediately her stream violently hits both her hands through the already wet and almost cooled down silk, warming it to body temperature again. She removes her hands as she runs past the other girl, and she feels her urine flowing over her legs and through her pants, soaking the inside and backside down to her knees and almost all around from that point down. It all happened in practically an instant, and only a few meters past the girl she loses the heart to run any further.

She just stands there, looking down at how her stream flows directly through the crotch of her pajamas where they stuck to her privates, how the legs glisten and how several rivers are flowing along, through and over them and splattering down on the pavement between her feet, while the rest of her stream gets redirected along her legs and flow right down the inside of them to her ankles and over her feet. Only 15 seconds after she stopped running, it dies down. She sees every inch of the puddle slowly expanding even after her bladder stopped voiding. It didn’t reach much further than the area around and between her slightly parted feet, maybe a little over 30cm. She lets out a sigh. At least for a moment, she was warm.

“Oh my god, are you okay? Fuck, I’m so sorry for you,” the other girl says with shock in her voice. Sophie turns around and sees her standing there agape with one hand on front of her mouth and the other pushing the front of her nightgown into her crotch. Sophie doesn’t care so much about it herself; she had already resigned to her fate. She never felt that embarrassed for peeing herself, only for the amount of people that see her doing it, so the main thing for her is that this way, there were only 2 people who saw it happen. Or so she thought.

“Sophie, you need to get away from there!” Heather says, with a panic in her voice as if she was going to wet herself. Sophie was confused at first, but now, after a few seconds, she finally realizes the ruckus coming from the place where all the evacuated students stood, and recognized it as laughter and the voicing if disgust. She looked over, and saw almost everyone looking in her direction, and only now she saw that she had stopped right next to a lamppost! Everybody can probably see that her pants are soaked from over there! Immediately a lump in her throat formed and her view became hazy. Within seconds, tears rolled down both her cheeks.

“N… No… Fu… I… I… Fuck…” was all Sophie can produce as she starts sobbing. This is the worst way she could’ve had an accident, and her body just freezes in fear of the consequences. Heather quickly pulls her away from the light and puts her arm around her back, under her armpits to drag her along. She still needs to show the other girl the spot she found, after all.

The next period, however long it was, felt like an out-of-body experience for Sophie. Normally she might have been surprised when drops were suddenly falling from under the other girl’s nightgown, or relief that she wasn’t the only one peeing herself as she watched her with a hiked up nightgown peeing straight through her pink panties, or maybe jealousy, because she could hide her accident from everyone else. Or gratefulness when both Heather and the other girl did their best to console her as she sat on a bench motion- and emotionless, and when Heather had fixed her a thermal blanket after she had started shivering from her now freezing cold pajama pants. She barely noticed when the other girl introduced herself. Cynthia, she thought. But not much else of what she said stuck around in Sophie’s head.

After her initial moment of despair, she didn’t really feel anything until she was dragged back to the building by the others. They walked past the lamppost where she peed herself, careful to walk around the light, and then they saw the firemen getting their stuff back together, the ambulance investigating their final patient for smoke inhalation and the blackened area around the room where the fire had started. As Sophie saw all this, together with about half of the amount of students that were there previously and lots of them trying to get inside at the same time, she got some feeling back, and it showed itself by the tears that formed in her eyes once again and rolled down her cheeks, because she realized that all those people had seen her wet herself. It may have been a personal record.

Now, back in reality, Sophie notices that both Cynthia and Heather are shivering besides her, while she is pretty comfortable in her thermal blanket; only now she realizes that her pants are sticking to her legs from her crotch to her ankles and even though the lower part of her pants feels ice cold, it doesn’t really make her feel cold. And now she starts to feel guilty. Those two had stayed with her after she had a very public accident. Back in high school, everyone always abandoned her immediately if she peed herself, to the point where she had no friends for most of that period. And here, one acquaintance and one girl she had never seen before stuck with her and even froze themselves to do so. While she was hogging the thermal blanket!

“H… Heather?” she says as she turns to face her after they reach the fire truck, “thank you so much! You too Cynthia! It means so much to me that you helped me.”

Sophie embraces Heather with her right and uses her left arm to pull Cynthia in with them, creating a small group hug while crying on both their shoulders. After about a minute, a scene behind Sophie’s back interrupts it.

“No! Please let me keep it for another few minutes!”

“I’m sorry, but we need to go now. You can go back inside and get warm there.”

“That’s not it, okay!”

As Sophie turns around, she sees a brown haired girl, about half a head taller than her and red-faced, arguing with a fireman about the thermal blanket wrapped around her.

“I think they want you to give this back here,” Heather tells Sophie on a hushed, joking tone, stating the obvious.

As they move towards the scene, the arguing girl is clearly avoiding telling the fireman why she wants to keep it for a while. There’s a bit of panic in her voice as it cracks. Clearly, she hasn’t noticed that there’s other people behind her now, evidenced by the next scene.

“Okay, okay. I’ve wet my bed, happy now? I’ve fucking told your colleague and he helped me hide it before everyone came out here, and now I have to give it back while there’s still over a hundred people outside?”

The fireman seems kind of taken aback by the girl, who is now wiping some tears from her eyes, but he stands by it. He has to. “I’m sorry, it normally wouldn’t be a problem but we just got another call and we’ll need them all there too,” he responds sternly.

“FINE. Have your fucking blanket,” the girl says while she throws it off. She then notices Sophie, Heather and Cynthia behind her and storms off in the opposite direction of the building.

As she goes by them, Sophie can see that the girl had indeed clearly wet her bed, while lying on her left side; her short grey shorts and grey tank top still wore the proof all over them. The left half of the front of her shorts was wet, together with most of the back side, and you could still see the shape of her panties through them. The back of her tank top was soaked up to her left shoulder blade, in an almost diagonal line from her right butt cheek, and all over her left side even including her left breast. Even though it had never gone that far up for her, Sophie recognized the pattern from periods where she would try to sleep without protection.

“Ehm, I think I’m going to help her, you know, tell her that she’s not the only one and stuff, okay?” Cynthia says, turning around and following the girl.

“Eh, okay…” responds Heather, but Cynthia probably doesn’t hear it anymore.

Sophie quickly turns her blanket in, and the girls join the horde of students trying to get inside. Everybody already knows about her accident anyway, so the few extra looks she got for having soaked pants sticking to her legs aren’t going to change much. The look one brown-haired girl is giving is kind of strange though… she glances at Sophie, then away from the building, back at Sophie and then stares away from the building again, bumping into people because she doesn’t look where she is going, all the while looking really angry, like she was trying to murder someone with her eyes. Sophie also looks back outside but the only thing she saw was Cynthia, vaguely in the distance, trying to catch up to the girl that wet her bed.

Back up in their corridor, Sophie quickly walks to her room and closes the door immediately, but it’s stopped by Heather’s hand.

“Hey, I just wanna say that if you need to talk about this or something you can come to me,” Heather says, “Even if you want to do it now, I’m not planning to go to my morning le… ect…”

Sophie is wondering why Heather stopped talking, but she quickly realizes and follows her gaze to confirm; she is looking straight at the diaper that was still lying there! FUCK!

Sophie quickly closes the door. “Go away!” she says, before collapsing on her bed and crying in her pillow. She feels like her life got ruined in just one night! Everybody knows that she wet herself, and the person who stayed and helped her after it happened just saw that she wore protection. There was no going back! Sure, helping someone after one accident is the decent thing to do, but nobody in their right mind would stick around someone that peed themselves so habitually they need diapers at twenty years old!

5 minutes later though, she came knocking on the door again.

“Sophie, can I talk to you?” Heather says with a squeaking voice.

“NO. Go away!” Sophie repeats.

“Please, I understand how you feel,” Heather says, trying to persuade her.

“I said go away!”

On this, Sophie hears Heather walking back to her room.

“What the fuck? She can’t understand, I’ve just wet myself in front of hundreds of people who were actively watching, and then someone found out I still wear fucking diapers! And SHE’s crying?” Sophie thought.

- Buzz -

A message comes in on Sophie’s phone. A picture, from Heather. It’s of soaked bedding with the sheets half stripped off, followed by a text. “I understand ”

A minute later, there’s another soft knock on Sophie’s door. This time she opens, and is met with a face just as distraught as hers, with tears all over it.

“I… I… They… They fucking broke open my door and I… I wet my bed again and when the fire alarm went I was changing and I quickly put on a dress and went outside to see if it was serious or not… And I locked my door so nobody would walk in and see my bed but they broke down my door and now… now the whole corridor knows! And my door can’t close anymore and I don’t feel safe sleeping there. Fuck, I’m so sorry for barging in like this. FUCK.”

After the barrage of words, Sophie hugs Heather and closes the door behind her, while it’s Heather’s turn to cry on Sophie’s shoulder this time.

“It’s okay, you can sleep here until your door is fixed,” Sophie says.

*sniff* “You have a mattress protector?”

“Yeah, and you can even use my diapers if you need to.”

“You’re an angel!” Heather says. She stopped crying and wipes her tears away. “I never used them before but I’d love to stop washing my sheets more than once per week!”

As Sophie taught Heather how to put a diaper on, she couldn’t help but smile the whole time. Finally, she found someone who won’t be all judgmental when she brings up her incontinence!

