Emily's desperate test

Author: TJC

*000*2018-05-28 04:30

This is a continuation of my story "A desperate punishment." If you haven't read the story though, it can be read as a stand alone as well. If you'd like to read A desperate punishment, the link is here. Emily's desperate test is based off of a comic i once drew.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/44102-a-desperate-punishment/?do=embed"

Without further adieu, here is my story.

It had been two months since Serena had gone to Danny's party and had her unfortunate accident. She and Emily had been getting along great since her punishment. The whole thing really brought them closer together, and strengthened trust between the two.

Today was just an average day at highschool for the two. Serena was eating lunch with some friends of hers in the cafeteria. Emily was up to her new favorite lunchtime activity; watching tv shows on the brand new tablet she had purchased. On this day, she was wearing a pair of jeans and a white low cut tank tup that showed off her ample bosom. Emily had been absoluetely obsessed with her tablet and its various features. Lately she was either studying, or doing something on that thing.

As she watched her videos she was pounding back Red Cow energy drinks. Red Cow was one of those drinks with the same ammount of caffeine as multiple cups of coffe in one can. Emily used to hate those things, but lately she'd been up late playing on her tablet, and Red Cow was the perfect way to make up for her lack of sleep.

Emily had just finished off her fourth can as she heard the bell ring that announced that lunch was over, and the student's had 5 minutes to get to class. Emily packed up her stuff and through out all her garbage. She was too into her shows to notice it, but now Emily realised she had to pee quite bad from all her Red Cow. Her class was on the other side of the school, and her next teacher was Mr. White, the math teacher. He was very strict with students being late to his class. Every time they were late, a student would have to serve an hour of detention after school. Emily didn't want to serve detention so she decided to take her chances with just going to class.

Emily arrived to her math class on time and got out all her supplies. Emily wasn't too worried about needing to pee. Mr. White wasn't the most lenient when it came to students using the bathroom, but he wasn't the worst either. He wouldn't let his students go during the first part of the class where he taught the lesson, but he let them go when he was finished. Fortunately his lessons were only about half an hour long. Emily would be in a bit of discomfort, but nothing her bladder couldn't handle.

"Good afternoon class." Mr White said after all the students had arrived. "I trust everyone studied for today's test."

"Test!? What test!?" Emily thought frantically to herself. She thought back for a second and remembered that yesterday Mr. White had announced a surprise test for today. Emily's eyes widened in sheer horror at the though of this. It wasn't that Emily was worried about the test, after all she always studied hard and was guaranteed to ace this test. What she was worried about was Mr. White's bathroom policy for tests, which unlike his policy for regular days, was incredibly harsh. Students were not allowed to leave the room, even after they finished their test. Emily cringed at the likely possibility that she would be forced to hold her pee for the full ninety minutes of the period.

Emily quickly raised her hand. "Mr white, I really need to pee. May I please go before the test?" Emily asked as she blushed slightly. At 17 she was practically a grown woman. It was very embarrassing for her to admit her need to pee, especially a desperate one. Mr. White's reply was stern. "No. You should have gone before class."

"Please sir. I had a ton to drink and i'm desperate." Emily fired back in her most begging tone. "Emily, at your age you can hold it." Mr. White then passed out all the tests, and sat at his desk grading papers from the morning class.

Emily looked down at her paper. She didn't know how the heck she was going to hold all that pee for this long. She started doing her test, hoping it would take her mind off of it. The first few questions were easy. She breezed by them in a few minutes. Then came the questions that reqired a little more thought. The questions were minimising her discomfort, but Emily definitely still felt the urge to go. She was shaking her legs, and occasionally grabbing her crotch. Her train of thought was constantly derailing from the complex equations on her paper, and focusing more and more on her bladder. This continued for about a half hour, until Emily felt like she couldn't take it anymore. She raised her hand again. "Mr White." She said nervously. "I really, really need to pee. May I please go to the bathroom?" Mr. White looked up from his paper and simply replied; "No. You can hold it."

At this point Emily's need had increased greatly. She was frantically shaking her legs. Her hands were grabbing her crotch far more frequently, doing anything she could to hold back her very full bladder. "Oh fuck I have to pee!" She thought to herself. " Why didn't i go before? At this rate I'm gonna end up pissing myself." She continued to do her work like this until she arrived at the final, and hardest problem on the test.

To Emily'sunpleasant surprise, it was a word problem involving various calculations about a watefall. "Oh seriously!? How the hell am I gonna hold my pee while thinking about a freaking water fall!?" Emily Worked on the problem with one hand, while having the other one firmly grasping her crotch. Every so often she would use both hands to contain her bladder. She desperately worked on the problem until she solved it. She then looked over her problems. She noticed her work was good, but her penmanship was awful, due to all the fidgeting she had been doing.

When Emily finished the test she looked at the clock on the wall. An hour and ten minutes had passed, meaning she had another 20 minutes to go until she could relieve herself. At this point she knew she would be wetting herself any second. She got up from her desk and walked towards Mr. White's desk to hand him her paper. She waddled as she walked, due to her bladder. She then pleaded her case one last time. " Sir, I'm gonna be honest with you, I'm about to wet myself." As soon as Emily realised what she said, sher face blushed bright red. She continued. "May I please go pee, now that i finished my test?"

"No!" Mr. WHite shot back aggressively. "I'm sick of you students pretending you need to pee to go talk in the halls with your friends. I know you're faking it."

Emily wobbled back to her desk with tears in her eyes. She was sweating profusely. She felt beads flowing on her face, legs and arms. One particularly uncomfortable bead she felt was on her breasts. It streamed right into her clevage, making her breasts all hot and sticky. Emily sat at her desk doing all she could to avoid soaking her panties in front of everyone. She was doing a full on pee pee dance in her seat. She felt her jeans physically pushing against her bladder, which had become so hard and swollen it looked like a bit of a gut. She unbuttoned them for the slight relief it would give. Emily sat there, sure she would have an accident when sudenly, she heard the most beautiful sound she could've hoped for at that moment, the bell announcing class was over.

Emily ran as fast as her bladder would allow her to the toilet. When she arrived to the girl's room, she nearly had a heart attack when she saw what was there. Emily was stunned to see a long que of girls frantically pee dancing and crotch grabbing in a long line outside the girl's room. Emily was about to get in line, when suddenly, she felt a small spurt of pee go into her panties. "Oh crap no!" She thought to herself. Emily knew she would pee herself if she waited in this line, so not knowing what else to do, she decided to run outside.

Emily found a space behind two dumpster. She quickly glanced around and saw no people around. She then began to take off her jeans as a couple spurts came out. Emily then went to take off her panties but then she felt a strong spurt come out. She knew there was no point in trying to remove her panties, so she just squatted down asd peed throught her panties.

"AAAAHHHHHH!!!!" Emily blissfully cried out as she was releasing the occean she was containing inside of her. After about thirty seconds, she heard a woman's voice yell out. "Hey you!" Emily was embarrassed beyond belief. She figured she would just face the person when she finished peeing, as there was no point in doing anything while she's peeing. Emily continued for another full minute until her bladder was finally empty. Her panties were completely soaked with pee. The pee stain went from her crotch all the way to her bum. A little pee had gotten on her legs, and a huge puddle had formed on the ground. Fortunately, her jeans were still dry.

Emily looked up to see the person who yelled at her. She expected to see a teacher who would scold her, but instead she saw her friend, Serena giggling. "Hey Em, did i scare ya?" She asked as she chuckled. "Hell yeah you did! What the hell?" Emily fired back. "Well you really had to pee huh?" Serena said, changing the subject "Yeah, i drank a Bunch of red cows, and my stupid teacher didn't let me pee. Well, what are you doing out here?" Emily asked puzzledly. "I had gym class outside." Serena replied, pointing to the sweaty towel on her neck, and gym bag in her hands. "I can't believe I pissed myself, this is so embarrassing. I mean, adults don't wet themselves."

"It's ok. Accidents happen." Serena said as she patted her distraught friend on the back. "Uhh, here, you can dry yourself off with my towel."

"Thanks" Emily dried all the pee that had gotten on her off, and she tried as best she could to dry off the panties. Emily then removed her panties and Serena gave her, her gym shorts to wear under her jeans. Serena then put the pee soaked panties and towel in her gym bag. Emily then put her jeans back on. "Thanks Serena"

"No problem, Em. Now let's get to class or we'll be late." The two girls continued about their days.

*003*2018-05-31 00:00

{{On 5/28/2018 at 12:44 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I'm loving this

}}

{{29 minutes ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Awesome story! please write more!

}}

Thanks for the kind words. I might be writing more stories with these character if i get some ideas, currently i have writers block

*005*2018-06-01 22:06

{{42 minutes ago, pguy69 said:

Brilliant again! I LOVED it

}}

Thanks for the kind words!

P.s. I'm having a little trouble coming up with a desperation scenario for our two friends to get into. Does anyone have any ideas?

*007*2018-06-01 22:53

{{1 hour ago, pguy69 said:

Anything with prolonged desperation for me. Something like walking home after a night out, getting more and more desperate, they decide to squat, one finds relief but is interrupted by something, so the other has to hold it til they get home. I also love anything where they are begging an authority figure for permission to pee (Like the teacher in your story). Teachers, security guards, police, toilet attendants, bouncers, air stewards etc are great examples.

}}

Thanks for the suggestions. I have brainstormed the idea for a story, and will hopefully be posting the final product in the next few days.

*009*2018-08-14 14:01

Here is a link to the comic i drew that this story is based on.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/41931-omo-rockets-art-thread/?do=embed"

