Two girls, one accident

Author: tumbin

*000*2017-04-11 08:41

Hey guys, I'm back with a new fictional story. So it is about two girls from college who always tease one another to wet themselves. It's basically like a competition to see who can hold it the longest. From being desperate in class to holding on long trips, you will surely enjoy these desperation stories. Hope you guys enjoy and comment for any more ideas in the future, follow for more content like this and enjoy.

"Shit, I woke up late again. It's 8:20, classes start in 10 minutes." Amy woke after hearing her alarm clock. She went to the kitchen to prepare coffee and get donuts from her fridge. She went to the bathroom to have a quick shower, forgetting to use the toilet before leaving. Knowing she will be late if she does pee now, she dresses in her maroon shirt and white jacket and her signature red skirt and sneakers. She takes her mug with coffee and a few donuts and rushes to get to school on time.

She left her dorm and with 5 minutes left before class starts. She wishes she could just go to afternoon classes but her course only have classes in the morning. Along the way, she met up with her best friend Samantha. "Hey Amy! Let me guess, you woke up late again din't you?" Samantha was wearing a light blue long sleeve shirt and skinny jeans with a pair of Nike. "Yup, stupid alarm went off at 8:20 not 7:20. I'm getting a new clock after classes." Amy replied to Samantha while sipping from her coffee and finishing her donut.

Luckily she din't arrive late today. She took a seat beside her friend. As the lecture was starting, Amy had finished drinking her coffee and started taking notes for her upcoming exam. Half an hour through the lecture, she felt a twinge in her bladder. She had to use the restroom, but she knows that she won't be able to because her professor doesn't let anyone leave because the lessons are so hard to understand. So she knows she has to wait about an hour and a half until she could use the restroom. "How hard can holding pee in bee?" Amy asked to herself confidently while taking notes.

Another half hour later she was starting to get worried that she might not be able to make it. But if she asks her professor if she can use the restroom, not only will she be told she can't because there is to much at stake for her grades but her classmates would start to tease her and make it even worse. She tried to distract herself but she has to focus on their lesson. Unfortunately their lesson was about climate, specifically rainy weather. They were discussing on how much water is detected by a rain gauge in every cyclone by its wind speed, movement and stuff like that. This made her even desperate and started fidgeting under her desk. Luckily the bottom of the desks were blocked and Samantha was listening to her headphones, as usual.

30 minutes was left until the class ended, Amy got desperate and desperate to relieve herself. Until Samantha noticed her fidgetting underneath her desk. "You alright Amy? You seem to be fidgeting and crossing your legs a lot." Samantha asked. Amy blushed a little but she denied her question. "Yes I'm just fine. Now be quiet, I need to pee... I mean finish my notes." Amy cursed herself silently but Samantha now knows her predicament. She always teases her every time she needed to use the restroom. "Ah, on I'll stay quiet. But whatever you do, don't think of water falls or rivers or running water or open faucets or rain." Samantha keep teasing her. Amy closed her ears so she won't have to listen to Samantha's verbal torture.

About 15 minutes left, Samantha started tickling Amy, but she made sure she wouldn't be noticed by their professor or they will both get in trouble. "How do you like this Amy? Now you know how it is to hold it all in that pee." Samantha continues to tickle Amy. She tickled her belly, her elbows, and her chest. "NO! PLEASE STOP IT!" Amy din't want to yell or she will get the attention of her classmates and her professor. Samantha stopped tickling her, and Amy felt her pink panties get soiled a bit. She leaked and marked a size of a golf ball. She crossed her legs until classes end and she did. Amy packed up her things and headed straight to her dorm.

Amy had to walk 10 minutes to reach her dorm. She had to run to school to get there on time. Before she was about to cross the street, somebody called her. "Hey Amy! It's me. Samantha said you wanna join us today. Let's go together." It was Toby, her lifelong crush since third grade. She remembered Samantha telling her they were going to the new Starbucks in their campus today and asked her if she wants to join them. Amy had two choices, back out from hanging out with her crush and head to her dorm so she could relieve herself or join them and hold back all that pee she was holding since last night. Of course she joined her crush and went to Starbucks, putting her need at risk.

Amy walked behind everyone, so she could stop and hold it if she feels it was going to burst. She must have stopped about 3 or 4 times. But Samantha caught her and called her out. "Hey Amy you okay back there?" Everyone turned around to check on her. "Yes I'm just fine. Nothing to see here. I just got a bit dizzy." Amy cursed Samantha in her mind and uncrossed her legs. "Here, walk with me. I'll make sure you'll be fine." Toby replied to Amy and walked beside her. Because of this Amy couldn't cross her legs or Toby would catch her crossing her legs.

They arrived at Starbucks and all of them ordered a drink. Everyone waited for their drinks to be ready. And being a new Starbucks at their campus, there are lots of people at this new place. So they have to wait a long time until their drinks are ready. Amy however wasn't doing very well. She was fighting from peeing herself in front of a lot of people and Toby. She can't imagine wetting herself at her age and in public. Their drinks were ready 30 minutes later. Amy was crossing her legs as she drank her frappe. As soon she finished her drink, she excused herself and headed to her dorm.

Along the way, a stream escaped from her panties. Her legs got moist from the stream of pee, leaving behind a small puddle of pee. She got desperate and desperate and feeling she was going to wet herself. Thinking she was not going to make it, she heads to the park and searches for a bush where she could relieve herself there. She searched for a bush with lots of privacy and no one will be able to spot her. While searching, she leaked again and a stream came down her legs. Her panties are now wet and a pee stain a size of a tennis ball.

She found a bush that is far from the path where she could pee herself. She hid behind it and put her wet panties down. As the pee was about to come out, she heard a voice. She saw Toby coming to her. She quickly pulled up her panties and stopped the flow with every muscle she can. "Amy you okay there?" Toby asked her in front of the bush, looking worried. "Yeah, I'm fine. My shoelaces were untied." She replied while holding back her pee with all her might. 

"Well why were you behind that bush?" He asked her and Amy taught of making a excuse or tell him the truth. "Uh my money flew of behind this bush. So I grabbed it." She bent down and took a money from one of her skirt's small pockets and showed it to him. "Oh OK. You had me worried there. Anyways you left these keys back at the café." He replied and gave it to Amy. "Thanks. These were the keys to my dorm. I would have been locked out if it wasn't for you. Thanks a lot." She thanked him while stopping another stream escape. "Okay. See you around."

She waited for him to leave but she was to late. Her bladder gave up. The damn had finally burst. A puddle of pee quickly formed underneath her. Her panties got dampened and her red skirt got darkened. She fell to the ground and started sobbing. "What have I done? Peeing myself at this age. What is wrong with me?" Before she could be seen by anyone else, she made a dash to a public washroom to clean herself up.

She waited until no one is around so she could get to her dorm quickly. She arrived at her dorm without anyone seeing her or her wet bottom. Just as she was about to enter her dorm, Samantha caught her. "Well, well, well. What do we have here? A college student wet herself. How ashame." Samantha said teasing her and taking a photo of Amy and her wet bottom "Stop it ok. You and I are even." She said begging to samantha to stop taking pictures. "No way! I'm keeping these as blackmail. Now smile for the picture!" Amy went inside before Samantha can take anymore pictures. "I'll come back one day and you will be sorry!" Amy said to herself while cursing Samantha.

TO BE CONTINUED...
