Girl's School - Page 2

Author: Thorn177

*023*2015-10-18 21:11

{{:

Love the story, but man, I feel really bad for Agnes after that chapter... part of me hopes she just straight up begins rebelling.. "NO I WILL NOT DRINK YOUR WATER!!", or after awhile she tries to run away with Maddie.

Anyhow, keep up the good work :)

}}

Thank you so much! Agnes's troubles have only just started, I'm afraid... I'm usually not this mean to my characters, no idea what's wrong with me right now. :P

{{:

This was a really good read (and I can't wait for you to write more!). Honestly, I could imagine this being a real novel(if it was toned down a bit, of course).

}}

Toned down? You and I obviously read different novels. :P But thank you!

{{:

Absolutely lovely. I really enjoy the emotional part in this. 10/10

}}

Thank you so much! :)

*026*2015-10-20 00:46

{{:

And here i was thinking that the spanish inquisition was bad... 0_o

}}

I'm pretty sure the Spanish Inquisition was a good bit worse than this, to be honest. :P

{{:

When I said toned down, I only meant on omorashi being a major aspect :P. I haven't read any omorashi-based novels

}}

Perhaps. Then again, with all the novels that have ever been written, how could you know? And it's not like there aren't erotica novels involving watersports.

*028*2015-10-20 01:00

{{:

Please write more for this

}}

Working on it, but my Deadpool fanfic currently takes priority.

*029*2015-10-20 16:22

{{:

I do like the whole desperation aspect as well. Now for the curious reader in me, will we ever see Agnes diapered?

}}

Nope. I'm not into that.

*032*2015-10-21 15:55

{{:

I'm actually just reading this as I would a novel. Came here for the omorashi, stayed for the story line sort of thing. Got me hooked.

}}

That's nice to hear! I'm writing it like it's a novel, too. Cause it is. :P Glad you like it! :)

*035*2015-10-22 15:59

{{:

I'm the sirt of person that is always there to help people, I can't help it, if one of my friends needs sonething, I just can't say no. For some reason, Agnes feels real to me, just something about the way you wrote it. I want to help her escape, but she's a fictional charector, so I can't, so I just keep coming back to read more because I won't be at rest until she escapes. Can't wait for the next chaptor.

}}

I'm glad she feels real to you. My goal is always to write characters who feel real, and they're always real to me. Probably why I feel so bad for the things I put them through sometimes... :P Thanks for your comments, and I'm super happy you like the story! Keep checking back, the next chapter is in the works. :)

*036*2015-10-22 22:13

Warnings: This chapter contains sexual content. This chapter also contains involuntary messing, though not at the same time. I'm not into messing, you understand, it just fit the story. I'm sorry if that squicks you. I probably won't be using it in future chapters.

###

CHAPTER THREE

The following few days passed in a predictable pattern and without much incident. As Agnes still couldn’t bring herself to finish her breakfast, she was made to continue what Maddie had so aptly referred to as the water torture. Agnes would be desperate and shaking by the time she made it to lunch and supper, only just able to hold on until she had emptied her plate and was permitted use of the restroom, but back on one glass of water per hour instead of two, she managed not to wet herself.

Mr. Portman had not gotten personally involved in her punishment since the beating. Instead, he delegated to Mary-Louise, who turned out to be a natural. During classes and meditation, the blonde appeared every hour to make sure Agnes drank her water, and further delegated to other girls to keep eyeballs on the restrooms whenever they had free time, during which Agnes was not made to drink but was still not permitted to relieve herself. While this level of control was unnerving, Agnes found herself grateful for the last part. It meant that she could get some time alone, unwatched, even if she didn’t get to pee.

They had been let out early from their afternoon classes, and Agnes was sat under a beech tree in the grounds. While she didn’t have to keep drinking water once classes were ended, the afternoons were in many ways the worst, as she had to hold it longer than the mornings. She rocked back and forth where she sat, her modesty not permitting her to hold herself as she so desperately wanted. Somehow it was worse today. Then someone appeared at her side.

‘Hey,’ said Maddie’s soft, kind voice. ‘You doin’ okay, baby girl?’

Agnes shook her head. ‘No,’ she found herself sobbing, tears in her eyes. It had been three hours since lunch. It was another three hours until supper.

Maddie stroked her hair soothingly. ‘Poor baby . . .’ She took Agnes’s hand in hers. ‘Come on. Come with me.’

Agnes got to her feet with a whimper and allowed herself to be led into the main building. It was a nice day, sunny with a cool breeze, so most of the girls were outside. The corridor was deserted, but as they passed the common room and the bathroom across the hall from it, Agnes noticed one of Mary-Louise’s friends look up. The restroom look-out, no doubt.

They continued down the hall, and then Maddie stopped and pulled open a door.

It was a maintenance closet, neatly stocked with buckets and mops and other cleaning utensils. Maddie pulled Agnes inside and shut the door, lighting a bare bulb in the ceiling.

There was enough room for them to stand a few feet apart, but not much more. Agnes looked around, fidgeting.

‘Why are we in here?’

‘So we can get some privacy,’ said Maddie. She wasn’t quite whispering, but kept her voice low.

‘Won’t they notice we’re gone?’

Maddie shrugged. ‘They’re watching the bathrooms, not you. At least for now.’ She looked Agnes up and down, shaking her head. ‘You look awful, hon.’

Agnes gave a humourless laugh. ‘Yeah. Thanks.’

‘I didn’t mean it like that. Listen, I’ve been through everything you’re goin’ through. I wanna help you. There are lots of ways to handle it, make it less terrible. You’re already doin’ way better than I was in the beginning. Heck, when I first got here and they put me through the water torture, I wet myself every single day, and they gave me hell for it. Wish someone could have told me then what I know now . . .’

Agnes nodded. She was trying to pay attention, but focusing was hard, and she was dancing on the spot. ‘I’m sorry, I just . . . God, I need to pee so bad!’

‘I know, baby girl, I know.’ Maddie gave her a sad little smile. ‘Does it hurt?’

‘Not yet, thankfully.’

‘Good. Hold onto that.’ She paused. ‘You know, you can grab yourself if you want. You can do whatever you want in front of me, I’ll never judge.’

Agnes blushed and looked away, but put one hand between her legs, holding on. It felt like it helped.

‘Like I said,’ Maddie continued, ‘there’s lots of ways to make it less awful. Lots of things you can do. Grabbin’ yourself is one of ’em. If you can manage to control it, you can also try letting out just a little bit into your panties to lighten the pressure when it gets bad. They don’t check. But that’s provided you can stop. Practicing when you’re in the restroom is a good start. Of course, a lot of it’s up here.’ She tapped her temple with a forefinger. ‘If you can keep yourself from thinkin’ about it too much, either through meditation or distraction, that helps a lot. If you ever wet yourself when you were a kid, you’ll know you often didn’t even realise you needed to pee until it was too late, simply because you were having too much fun to notice.’

All of this made sense, but in her current state of need it was hard for Agnes to imagine that she’d ever be able to just forget that she had to pee. Still, she nodded and tried to smile. Maddie smiled back.

‘Physically, we already talked about a couple things, but of course the most efficient thing you can do is masturbate.’

Agnes felt her face flush and her eyes widen. ‘Wh-what?’

‘Well, everythin’ down there is connected, see? And when you get turned on, it all swells and stops the flow.’ Maddie paused, looking at Agnes, studying her red face. ‘You ain’t ever touched yourself, have you?’

This made Agnes blush even darker. ‘Of-of course I have!’ she spluttered. ‘Just . . . I mean . . .’

‘You don’t really know how it all works? Guessin’ your school didn’t have sex ed, huh?’

Agnes shook her head.

‘Nah, mine neither,’ said Maddie. ‘But there are other ways of finding out about this stuff. Here’s the thing. Your clitoris,’ the word caused Agnes to look away, ‘is pretty much the most marvellous organ in the human body. It has somethin’ like ten times as many nerve endings as the head of a penis, and is the only organ that exists entirely for the sake of givin’ pleasure. Me, I can’t imagine God would make somethin’ that amazing if he didn’t mean for us to use it, can you? Anyway, what most people think of as the clit is only the tip of the iceberg, you know? It stretches all the way back to your ass, down your thighs, up into your vagina . . .’ She stopped, peering at Agnes. ‘I’m sorry, I’m makin’ you uncomfortable.’

Agnes shook her head again. ‘No! I mean, yeah, but only cause I’m not used to . . .’ She felt something squirm in the pit of her stomach. What Maddie was telling her was interesting, intriguing, and unlike anything anyone had ever told her before. She wanted to know more, but at the same time it scared her. She didn’t believe that sexuality was sinful, not really, but it was hard to let go of everything she’d been taught in one fell swoop. ‘It’s a lot to take in,’ she mumbled.

‘Yeah, I get that.’ Maddie felt silent for a moment. ‘I . . . I could show you. If you want. Obviously just if you want, it’s totally up to you!’ Her freckled cheeks flushed pink. Somehow that made Agnes feel braver.

‘No, I . . . If you want. I mean . . .’ Agnes swallowed before whispering, ‘Show me.’

Maddie hitched up the skirt of her dress, revealing simple, white panties. She tied the dress around her waist to get it out of the way, and then hesitated.

‘You . . . You don’t have to,’ said Agnes weakly, but Maddie smiled shyly, and pulled her panties down to her knees.

Agnes could see a dusting of red hair, and then hands, fingers, moving. Maddie widened her stance for better access, bent her knees a little. Her thin lips were shut tight and she breathed heavily through her nose. Agnes was mesmerised, couldn’t look away, eyes flitting between Maddie’s busy hands and her face.

‘See?’ Maddie breathed shakily. ‘It’s easy. You . . . You can try too, if . . . If you want. I can—I can talk you through it. Mm!’

The something that had been squirming in Agnes’s stomach bloomed outward, warm and wild, racing up into her chest and down, down into her underwear. She could feel her heartbeat throbbing there, fast and fluttering, and she wanted to.

Copying Maddie, she pulled her dress up and her panties down, all too aware of the other girl’s eyes on her but finding she didn’t care much. Reaching down with shaky fingers, she touched herself. As she did, she heard Maddie utter a soft moan and met her gaze.

Maddie’s pupils were blown, and she was panting. ‘G-good girl,’ she whispered. ‘Go on.’

‘It’s . . .’ Agnes paused, feeling. She was touching the same place Maddie was touching, but somehow it didn’t seem to do much. ‘I don’t know if it’s working . . .’

‘You’re dry,’ Maddie said. ‘Dip your fingers inside.’

‘In . . . Inside?’ Agnes licked her lips and did as she was told. It was tight, moist, and that wetness coated her fingers. Then she returned them to their task, and the feeling now was completely different. Her breath hitched and she closed her eyes.

‘That’s it, baby girl. You’re doin’ good,’ Maddie whispered, and Agnes could hear her come closer. She didn’t touch her, just stood next to her, and Agnes could feel her breath on her neck as she spoke. ‘That’s it. Just keep going.’

Agnes’s breath grew laboured, and she could hear her pulse rushing in her ears. She bit her tongue to stifle a moan, and it came out as a quiet whimper instead. It felt so good, so real, and suddenly she wanted to share it, wanted to touch Maddie too, kiss her. She pushed the idea away. That wasn’t what this was. It wasn’t like that at all. And yet, Maddie’s whispering voice in her ear was enough to push her over the edge, and she had to grit her teeth and hold her breath, and then it was over.

Breath coming in sharp bursts, Agnes opened her eyes to find Maddie’s kind, green ones gazing into them. She had let her dress back down, and was smiling kindly.

‘Good girl,’ she said again, and Agnes blushed.

She pulled her panties back up and let her dress down. Maddie reached up onto a shelf and pulled down a bottle of hand disinfectant.

‘Here,’ she said, and squirted some onto Agnes’s hand before taking some for herself. ‘They’ll never know if you take some.’

‘Thanks,’ said Agnes softly.

‘You feel okay?’

Agnes nodded. Her need had lessened. While Maddie had talked to her, she’d quite forgotten to feel desperate, and now it was kind of like someone had put a cork in her. The need was there, but it felt like less work to hold. ‘It . . . It helped.’

’Told you it would,’ said Maddie with a grin. ‘This has saved me so many times. You can touch yourself through your clothes under the desk in class. No one will pay you any mind, they expect you to be whimpering and rocking and grabbing yourself. And this closet is amazing. Hell, I even pissed in here once. No one ever found out.’ Her grin faltered and she blushed. ‘I mean . . . I was pretty desperate, so . . .’

‘Don’t worry about it,’ Agnes said quickly. ‘I totally understand! I . . . I almost peed outside yesterday, but there were too many people around and nowhere to hide . . .’

Maddie laughed, but it was a kind laugh, not a derisive one. ‘Oh, yeah, I’ve had that problem. The grounds here are so bare, there are no bushes to hide behind or anything.’ She smiled. ‘I’m glad you’re feeling better, and glad I could help.’

‘You wanna go to the common room?’ Agnes asked.

Maddie hesitated. ‘I . . . I dunno. Your Big Sis wouldn’t like it too much, I don’t think. You may have noticed I’m not exactly kosher. I . . . wouldn’t want you to get in trouble.’

Agnes pursed her lips. ‘Screw Mary-Louise. I don’t care. I can’t get in trouble just for talking to you.’ She took Maddie’s hand and opened the door, daylight spilling into the maintenance closet from the windows at the end of the hall. ‘Come on. If we go now our chairs may still be free.’

###

Maddie was kissing her. Her thin lips were so soft, and her skin smelled of roses. Agnes had never been kissed like that before. The only person she had kissed was Theo back home. She put her arms around Maddie, pulling her close, feeling her soft curves. It was perfect, except . . .

Agnes pulled back. ‘You know, I really have to pee.’

Maddie smiled softly. ‘Then pee. No one’s looking.’

‘I should go to a bathroom.’

‘Ssh, it’s okay. You can just pee right here. Go on, baby girl. I’ve got you.’

So Agnes peed in her panties, and it was warm and wet and rather than making her feel embarrassed or afraid, it felt good. It was relief and pleasure and everything that was wonderful. Maddie was holding her and kissing her, and it felt good.

‘Good girl,’ Maddie purred. ‘Agnes . . . You’re such a—’

Agnes woke with a jolt. Dawn light crept in through the curtains of the dorm, blinding her momentarily, and she realised that she and her bed were warm, and wet. She’d wet the bed. She was still wetting the bed, and she tried to stop the flow, but there was no halting it. She blinked, and another realisation hit her. Someone was standing over her, looking down at her.

‘Agnes,’ said Mary-Louise’s sweet voice. ‘You were mumbling in your sleep. It’s time to wake up and go to morning prayer.’

Agnes blinked a few more times and felt her face heat. This was bad. She couldn’t let Mary-Louise know that she’d wet the bed. She was sure she’d be punished for it. ‘You . . . You go ahead,’ she stuttered. ‘I’ll catch up.’

Mary-Louise’s eyes narrowed. ‘I don’t think so, missy. What’s wrong?’

‘Nothing!’ said Agnes, too quickly. ‘Nothing’s wrong, I just—’

‘Get up, please,’ said Mary-Louise, and though her voice was still sweet, there was an edge to it that Agnes did not like. ‘Now.’

Agnes bit her lip and pushed her covers off. There was no mistaking the dark, yellowish stain on the white sheets. Her face burned, and she felt tears threatening to spill from her eyes.

‘Oh dear,’ Mary-Louise tutted. ‘That’s not very good, is it? No, leave it,’ she said, as Agnes made to remove the sheet. ‘Get dressed and come to morning prayer. We’ll go see Mr. Portman after.’

Agnes sat in the chapel with a knot in her stomach, heart hammering in her chest. The humiliation of wetting the bed was one thing. The promise of possible punishment for the deed was quite another. Yet, even through all her dread, her mind managed to return to the dream she’d been having, of Maddie kissing her. She didn’t know what to make of it. She felt confused, overwhelmed. It was true, she had wanted to kiss Maddie the day before, but she’d put it down to her arousal, a natural reaction to a physical state. Now she was less sure. When Maddie tried to catch her eye, Agnes avoided her gaze.

As soon as prayer had finished, Mary-Louise grabbed her by the arm and walked over to Mr. Portman. She spoke to him in hushed tones. Agnes tried not to listen, shame burning on her face. Mr. Portman just nodded thoughtfully and set off in the direction of his office. Mary-Louise followed, dragging Agnes behind her.

‘This is very serious, Agnes,’ said Mr. Portman as he sat down behind his desk. ‘Mary-Louise tells me you were talking in your sleep before you wet the bed, and what she heard was no human language she could recognise.’

Agnes raised her eyebrows in surprise, in spite of everything. ‘I—what?’

‘It seems as though the devil inside you is stepping up his game, so to speak,’ Mr. Portman continued, paying her little mind. ‘That’s good. It means we’ve got him scared. He’s attempting to take control of you in your sleep. Tell me, what were you dreaming?’

Agnes flushed scarlet. There was no way she could tell them what she had actually dreamed. Both for her own sake and for Maddie’s, that had to remain secret. ‘I . . . I don’t remember,’ she said weakly.

‘Oh? Not even a little?’ Mr. Portman coaxed. ‘Come now.’

‘I . . . I think it was . . . I just dreamed about going to the bathroom . . .’

‘Hm . . .’ Mr. Portman leaned back in his chair and scrutinised her. ‘If the rest comes back to you, you must tell me. I’m here to help you, Agnes. You know that, don’t you?’

‘Yes, sir.’

‘Good.’ He stood, walking over to the bookshelf where the jug of water stood. ‘One glass every half hour,’ he said, pouring with his back to them. ‘We’ll get that devil out of you yet.’ He turned around and handed the glass to Agnes. She took a deep breath and drank it all in one go. ‘Now, you go ahead to the mess. I just need a quick word with your Big Sister.’

###

Half way through the morning’s Bible class, Agnes’s stomach began to hurt. It was unpleasant to have that happen while she needed to pee so badly (though she was managing to hold her bladder better than she had the last time she’d been on two glasses an hour), but it wasn’t until an hour before lunch that she realised that she didn’t just need to pee. Her stomach bubbled and groaned, and she clutched it, nearly doubling over in her seat as a cramp seized her.

As soon as it subsided she raised her hand, but Miss Corrine ignored her. In her desperation, Agnes called, ‘Miss Corrine? May I be excused for the restroom?’

‘You’ve had your bathroom privileges removed,’ said Miss Corrine without looking at her. ‘You have to wait until lunch.’

‘But I need to—’ Agnes bit her lip. ‘I really need to go. I won’t be able to hold it!’ She hoped to God that Miss Corrine would understand what she meant, but she had already gone back to ignoring her.

Next to her, Mary-Louise whispered something to two of her friends, Jessica and Annabelle. Then she spoke up. ‘Miss Corrine, we have permission to take her.’

Astonished, Agnes saw Miss Corrine nod unconcernedly, and then Mary-Louise grabbed her by the arm again and marched her from the classroom, her friends trailing behind. They didn’t stop by the restrooms, though. Instead, Agnes was led to the dormitory building. The pain in her stomach was intense now, and she desperately tried to hold on, but before they had reached their destination she felt something slippery and wet come out in her panties, and she gasped.

‘Oh, God, no please! Listen, guys, I have to go right now, you don’t understand! No, stop! I can’t!’ Agnes whimpered, pleaded. She was going to lose control, and this was not like peeing her pants in front of the whole class, or wetting the bed. This was so much worse.

Mary-Louise picked up her pace, and down the corridor they went until they reached the entrance to the showers. She pushed Agnes roughly inside the tiled room, just as she lost control of both her bladder and her bowels and began to void both.

It was the most awful and humiliating thing she had ever felt. Her panties became heavy and full, and it started to leak, and soon shit was slipping down her thighs and splattering onto the tiles, echoing in the white room, while Mary-Louise, Jessica and Annabelle watched, their faces impassive. Agnes sobbed and covered her eyes.

‘Please, God, make it stop!’ she whimpered. But it didn’t stop. It kept coming, and she stood there, feeling filthy, the smell reaching her nostrils and nearly making her retch. And then, just as she thought that this couldn’t possibly get any worse, a hard stream of icy water hit her in the chest, and she screamed.

Agnes tore her hands away from her eyes to see Mary-Louise standing there, the nozzle of a hose aimed straight at her. The look on her face was still the same blank, impassive one, but in her eyes something else gleamed. Happiness. Pleasure. Glee. It made Agnes feel slightly sick.

She was soon drenched and shivering as well as sobbing. She hugged herself against the cold stream of water, crying in earnest, unable to stop. She had no words left for them, nothing but cries of misery and humiliation. Her bowels seemed to have emptied, and she had stopped peeing long ago. All the remained was cold pain and dread. And then she heard a voice, and how a single voice could sound like a choir of angels she would never know, but it did, because it was Maddie’s voice.

‘Hey! What the hell are you doing? That’s enough! Stop it!’

‘Go away, Maddie,’ said Mary-Louise serenely. ‘This is none of your business.’

‘Yeah,’ Jessica piped up. ‘This punishment is our job.’

Maddie’s hands were balled into fists, her eyes as fiery as her hair. ‘I’m making it my business! You stop this right now, or so help me—’

‘What will you do?’ said Annabelle, and there was laughter in her voice. ‘You’ll get in trouble if you try to stop us. We’re doing the Lord’s work!’

‘Torturing people is the Lord’s work, is it? You self-righteous bitches!’

Agnes wanted to call out to her to stop. She didn’t want Maddie to get into trouble on her account, didn’t want her to suffer punishment, but her voice wouldn’t work. She watched, as though in slow motion, as Maddie raised her fist and punched Mary-Louise straight in the nose.

Mary-Louise immediately dropped the hose, which writhed around on the floor like a snake, spraying everything with cold water. Annabelle hurried to close the tap, while Jessica rushed to Mary-Louise’s side. Mary-Louise was bleeding, and she glared at Maddie with cold contempt.

‘You’ll be punished for this!’ she hissed, not a hint of sweetness left in her voice.

‘See if I care!’ Maddie retorted. ‘Now, fuck off!’

The other two recoiled at Maddie’s use of language, but Mary-Louise just kept glaring, pinching her nose. Then she turned and left the shower room with the others in tow.

Agnes sank to the floor. Most of the evidence of what had happened had flushed away, though there was still an ugly weight in her panties. She was too exhausted to care. As soon as she had seen the others disappear, Maddie skidded to her side and kneeled next to her.

‘Are you okay?’

Agnes couldn’t answer. She just shook her head, and then fresh tears were coming. Maddie put her arms around her and pulled her close.

‘Oh, baby girl . . . I’m so sorry! What did they do to you? God . . .’

‘Y-you shouldn’t touch me,’ Agnes managed moan through her sobs. ‘I’m . . . I’m dirty! Y-you’ll get dirty, too!’

Maddie shook her head. ‘Stop worrying about me. Tell me what happened.’

Agnes swallowed hard. ‘I-I wet the bed this morning . . . Th-they g-gave me more water, I . . .’ Agnes sniffed, trying to regain control of her voice. ‘My stomach . . . M-must have . . . Eaten something . . .’

‘Or drunk something,’ Maddie said darkly. ‘Shit . . . They must have put a laxative in your drink.’

Agnes choked back another sob and stared at her. ‘I . . . What?’

Maddie sighed. ‘I’ve heard of this happening. I mean, they’ve supplemented the water torture with high fibre diets before, but this is the first time I’ve seen . . . Man, they really have it in for you. I’m so sorry this happened to you!’ She stood. ‘Come on, get up. Take your clothes off and clean yourself up. I’ll go get you a towel and clean clothes, okay? Your panties we can just throw away.’

When Agnes was clean and changed, Maddie led her by the hand to her dorm room. Her bed had been changed in her absence, and Agnes lay down. Maddie gave her water to drink, and stroked her hair gently.

‘Everything will be okay,’ she murmured. ‘I promise, princess. Everything will be fine.’

The door opened suddenly, and there stood Mr. Portman. He only spared Agnes a glance, his attention instead focused on Maddie, who stood from Agnes’s bedside.

‘Madeline,’ he said softly. ‘I need you to come with me, please. I think you know that violence is not permitted here.’

Maddie snorted. ‘Unless it’s sanctioned by you, you mean!’ she spat.

‘Please, don’t make this any worse for yourself,’ said Mr. Portman with his kindly smile. ‘Now come with me.’

Maddie looked down at Agnes, a sad smile tugging at the corners of her mouth. ‘I gotta go, baby girl,’ she murmured. ‘See you later.’ Then she left the room behind Mr. Portman, and Agnes was left alone. She didn’t see Maddie for the rest of the day, nor did she see her in the mess the following morning. For once, she ate her breakfast. Afterwards she ran to the restroom and vomited, but there was no water torture that day.

