High school senior tortured by evil dad

Author: trackboy

*001*2017-09-07 19:27

The reason its in fiction is I am not totally sure if every statement he made is fully true or if there are exaggerations mixed In with the truth.

*005*2017-09-11 18:57

This is a real conversation I had. you can see his writing style is different then mine. only put it in fiction as was not sure if he was making up parts of it as some seemed to follow what I was asking him. get the feel it could be blend of fiction and real as some stuff is not adding up. like i got home on the bus from high school at 4 if i was not doing sports practice that night. then he has to be in bed at 7. so hour of lifting. half hour at least. probably hour for supper as suspect he has to do the dishes. leaving hour for homework which is less time then I spent on homework on weeknights. and somehow he is now working at a ranch after school and still getting the rest done. or now not allowed to lift or do homework then will get beat when his grades drop. something happened to take him off line as it really looked like he was liking the chats and learning a lot. he is averageman on similar worlds.

Lost touch with him a couple of weeks ago not sure if what his dad was doing to him injured him as tightening a belt on a painfully full bladder is extremely dangerous with the boy holding it in fearing his dad so much. that was his last email when he told me about that so am not able to tell him how dangerous that is. I had hoped to make his life better but seemed to have made it worst instead. I had suggested to him sleeping full and he found it liked it and it went from there with him liking holding during the day too. pleasing his dad having him get into weightlifting, then his dad switched him from private all boy school without sports to one with sports so he could do sports. got him to take wrestling and showed him where to watch training videos on wrestling so he could get good at it and be able to defend himself in the fights that seem common in the south and hopefully be able to stand up to his abusive dad.

The more I encouraged him to do what his dad wanted hoping his dad would ease up on him making his life better, his dad clamped down on him instead, looking like he was forced off line as dad is teaching him the grim duty of adult male to only work and do what is expected of him and have no time for himself no leisure time no enjoying things he would want to do for fun. taking what I taught the 18 year old senior he could do for his own enjoyment and dad took it and used it as still another way to torture his son. has me really broken up inside as he is really nice and seems very smart and well mannered.

His dad controls amount of time he has on line and not sure if school allows internet access and now sounds like he cant even visit his friends where he can get online at as now has to work when he is not in school. and he is always escorted by dad when in town so he cant go in and get online at a library. never set up phone or other way to keep in touch as did not found out he was 18 until the last email he sent. anything I write would not be nearly this long. this was about a month and half of emails showing his side of the conversation.

*006*2017-09-11 19:21

{{20 hours ago, LOLC2k said:

So... you suspect this person is abused, and possibly got punished and locked away from the world... and your response is to post the conversations he had with you, in private, on a message board?

You are a horrible person if this is a true story.

If it's fiction... then why would you couch this in a such a way that makes you look so horribly evil?

}}

I have had class mates that were abused a lot worse then this. they got regular beatings by their dads not just a belt. I am really worried about him and not sure what to do. and not really sure if he was making up some stuff he was writing to me. tried to help him best I could hoping his dad would ease up on him and treat him better.

*007*2017-09-11 19:41

{{19 hours ago, KozmoFox said:

Yeah no I'm going to pull the mod card. @trackboyYou need to say right now whether this is fiction or not, to your knowledge. If there's literally any question as to its legitimacy this is extremely serious. As in the administrator will be notified and the authorities will be contacted type of serious.

You gotta add some clarity. Right. Now.

I'm really hoping it isn't real, because this seems to fall in line with your fantasies that you talk about in almost every post you make, but if this is an actual email conversation you're having with an actual person and you don't know if this is happening/happened, come forward please.

}}

Another thing I been thinking about the past day that has me wondering about what he wrote, is before he was leaking when he was doing his chores after getting up without pissing without a belt tightened as he was trying hard not to leak. then would use a belt tightening it a little at a time to leak more and more while holding back. now he suddenly is going to church which would be a few hours after the time his dad gets him up, and he is going to church with a tight belt then holding it through church. then while eating breakfast after including being made to watch his dad pee which makes it really hard to hold. then coming home and doing chores before allowed to pee. no way could I had held it like that.

And how did he become that much better at holding it unless he feared his dad so much he locked it in fear. but even then I would not had been able to do that. I have to go pretty soon after waking up busting like that. so unless his control got that much better In a few weeks. or he is not drinking as much before bed that night knowing he has to hold it for church. so wondering if he was making stuff up, or exaggerating some things that were real. its often the little details that will trip a story up.

*009*2017-09-11 20:38

{{20 hours ago, KozmoFox said:

Yeah no I'm going to pull the mod card. @trackboyYou need to say right now whether this is fiction or not, to your knowledge. If there's literally any question as to its legitimacy this is extremely serious. As in the administrator will be notified and the authorities will be contacted type of serious.

You gotta add some clarity. Right. Now.

I'm really hoping it isn't real, because this seems to fall in line with your fantasies that you talk about in almost every post you make, but if this is an actual email conversation you're having with an actual person and you don't know if this is happening/happened, come forward please.

}}

I had called him out on the time line of getting home at 4 on bus then somehow working at a ranch after school when get home with 3 hours to bed time with it taking a hour for half the workout, hour for supper. and then only a hour for homework before bed. I had 2 or more hours of homework weeknights and i always had bigger homework projects i did over weekend plus wrestling tournaments too on weekend for wrestling season. no way could I had worked a job at all and do sports and weightlifting and college prep classes. I know people that are doing home work from time they get home to time they go to bed without sports or lifting or a job. got no reply after that.

Maybe he was making stuff up and found he was caught with no way out. and few weeks before that when I asked him how long he was spending on the workout for six sets he said 45 minutes to a hour. takes me over 2 hours for that workout, then he said he was splitting it between morning and after school after I told him that, think he found he was caught and had to come up with a way out so then said he was splitting the workout. I don't know about the rest of you. but I am horrible at weightlifting first thing in the morning as I am way down in strength in the morning. I have to lift in afternoons and evenings. I did the workouts at school that I did not have the equipment at home for. at home have the one hand spin lock bars for living room workout for biceps triceps shoulders. and squats. and calf raise and crunches. and that is always over two hours even when pushing the speed. then have another hour and half in basement on machine bench. lat bar pulldowns.

Leg curls and leg extensions while watching tv shows I recorded. only watch tv shows for it as with all the flipping around I am missing a lot. in living room watching movies as am just about always facing the tv set as I am lifting. only time I turn away is to change the weight plates on one handed spin lock bars. he says he lives in Tennessee. he did get it right on not having cable cross over flys in his high school weight room. few high schools have cable cross over flys. 

They are found in universities and commercial gyms. taught him the forward shoulder press which is not in the weightlifting text books and is really good for lifting up the other wrestler. and for a devastating gut punch and upper cut to the chin in fights. taught him about the gut punch. elbow close to sides lower arm horizontal. very hard to block. go up and it becomes a knock out upper cut to the chin. with the forward shoulder press he would be devastating in a fight. its really hard to block that punch. most people punch with hooks which are really easy to block by grabbing the inside of the elbow joint griping the end of their fore arm as they throw the hook. I done that many times in fights.

*010*2017-09-11 20:41

{{53 minutes ago, DesperateCAN said:

You need to call the police. Now. You have set in motion a chain of events that could possibly lead to his death. If you alert the authorities now everything will be fine. Please call the police.

}}

I don't know his name, school or city. just the state. you will piss yourself no matter how hard you try not to when your bladder gets dangerously full. and I am wondering more and more about his story and wondering if he stopped replying because he knew he was caught making stuff up when I asked him how he could work after school when he only had 3 hours from when buss got home to bed time, and lifting took a hour. supper a hour. and just hour for homework before bed when I had 2 hours or more of homework before bed. no way could he work after school and still do that. he said his dad wanted him getting good grades. and wanted him weightlifting so hard to see why dad would suddenly make it so he could not do homework and not do weightlifting. I think he went quiet because he was caught the more I think about the past few days.

*013*2017-09-11 23:41

Hind site is 20 20, I wish I had made sure he was able to get on at school or somewhere else. guessing since he is never out by himself he does not have his own phone. it sucks big time. hoped I would make his life a lot better with dad getting what he wants he would ease up a lot on him. instead forced him into a after school job which there is zero time for with lifting and homework and make work chores. must be a lot of make work chore in the yard as I had less then a hour of mowing once a week on weekend. and weed eater once a month. the make work chores having him get up earlier for doing them made him only have 3 hours from when he got home to when he went to bed.

The hours for lifting and school work just are not there if he is working at ranch after school. bet it is unpaid work on top of that. either he is spinning tales now. or he stopped lifting and doing homework for the forced job. or he just came up with that as reason he was not on much , and when I asked why his dad was forcing him to work after school when there was already zero time for work and barely enough time for lifting eating and not really enough time for homework let alone getting on line he never answered back.

He knew he was caught and could not explain it. . I asked the same about how he was going to do longer homework on weekends. practice wrestling and still have that critically important time with friends to wire your brain for social interaction in your teen years. school is your job. most Europe countries tell them that and they are not allowed to work after school. just the hours clocked in school is a 40 hour week. pack on homework and its a 50 to 60 hour week. then any sports and weightlifting is on top of that. so his dad suddenly making him start working at ranch during school year and was not doing so during summer. yet claimed dad wanted him doing well in school, and lifting weights and doing sports are a direct contradiction.

With my lifting and sports and homework and school I had 5 to 6 hours a night of sleep and that was without any job. without any chores during the week. I just am really pissed I did not make sure he had other ways of keeping in touch. now I will never know what is happening. people also just go quiet all the time with no good bye. there is a lot in what he said that really would not be as he said. like example. his being hard in locker room and boys thinking its cool. in real life would be all kinds of comments like fag in locker room and other shit. all kinds of teasing about being hard in class instead of the boys being impressed by it. all kinds of teasing about pissing your gym shorts in gym class and in soccer. something just does not add up.

