Sombra's Invisible Panic

Author: Tisiphopee

*000*2026-02-15 16:29

Another request! This time for a specific character: Sombra from Overwatch! I was more than happy to write this one, as she was always easily my favourite Overwatch girl. This explains how quickly I wrote it as well as how long it is. I got a little caught up in the scenario :> I hope you enjoy! (Also, I've cleared all of my outstanding requests now, so if anyone has any more, do please let me know!)

//

Sombra's Invisible Panic

As far as Talon missions go, this one was so easy that Sombra was barely thinking about it. It was 9:05pm, and she was walking through the crowded Dorado streets unnoticed, wondering what she'll have for dinner that night more than anything else. Her thoughts returned to the mission slowly. Get into the safehouse, snatch all their data, bring it home. The only reason she couldn't have done this remotely was the building's apparent protective lining, which Sombra was still very annoyed about as it had made her leave the couch today. Still, she was having fun where she could.

'Aaand, whoops!'

A Translocator sailed into the end of a dark alleyway. 'I'll be five minutes, tops,' Sombra thought. No need to be too clever.

Expertly swinging herself over a fence, the agile hacker landed in a secluded courtyard, evidently closed off from the public. It was quieter now, the silence only broken by the waters of a beautiful fountain, which trickled down rows of intricate sculptures. As she dusted herself off, Sombra felt a sudden urge to pee make itself known to her body. 'Stupid fountain,' she thought. Still, it had been a while since she'd been to any bathrooms. A very long while, actually. 'Maybe I could hit one on the way out,' she thought. 'Nah, too risky. I can wait.' She didn't have to go too badly, anyway. Though it had been some time, and she'd had a lot to drink. More than usual.

Suddenly, she noticed a security camera steadily arcing across the courtyard, looking for trespassers. 'Nope, nuh uh,' she said out loud, pressing buttons on a holo-keypad. The camera fell forwards, dead as anything for the next few minutes. 'May be time to disappear,' she thought. Hopefully nobody heard her talking just then. Bringing a hand before her face for dramatic effect, Sombra made use of her augmentations and became invisible to the naked eye. Now satisfied with her sneaking potential, the woman sauntered through an archway and found herself staring at the door she had been shown in the briefing: the safehouse entrance. She had come prepared to hack it open, and even though that wouldn't exactly have been a challenge for her, the situation was somehow even easier. The door was ajar. Sombra stifled a chuckle. 'Day just gets better.'

Carefully checking her corners, Sombra slid into the small room, replacing the door's position behind her. It had at least four huge locks on it, none of a higher technological standard than hammering boards over the door. The hacker thanked her lucky stars it was open, realising there was no way she could've gotten past these things quietly. Turning around, she saw the room's interior. 'Yeesh. Penthouse.' 

The extent of its furnishings were a desk, a mattress on a wire frame, and a lamp, which seemed to compensate for the lack of windows. It had been switched on, though however recently was unclear. Sombra also couldn't see any kind of protective lining on the walls, so she wondered if Talon had been misinformed. There was a computer on the desk, however, so she got right to it. Without dropping her invisibility, she removed a chip from her implants and plugged herself into the pc. Viruses were no concern, she'd kill them five times over. 'Aaaaand, I'm in. Yawn.' The encrypted files began their journey into her database.

Downloading... 35%

Sombra started tapping her foot. She really did have to pee, it turns out. The fountain had just brought it to her attention. No matter, she'd be out in a second and could pee to her heart's content.

Downloading... 66%

She was fantasising now. She'd be able to drop her jacket, peel off her catsuit... really let go.

Downloading... 92%

Suddenly, the safehouse door swung open, hitting the wall with a crash. Sombra dropped to the floor behind the desk, briefly forgetting her invisibility as she returned from the daydream. She wasn't sure if she could feel dampness in her crotch or if she was imagining things. She can't have leaked, she's not a child. Don't think about pee anymore.

Download Complete

Not a moment too soon, she reached up and yanked her cable out of the device, returning it back to its port. This went unnoticed by the room's new occupants, a man and a woman, who instantly suffocated the tiny space with the smell of cigarettes. Sombra tried not to cough. Remembering she was still invisible, she carefully rose from her position behind the desk, ensuring she didn't make any noise to alert the pair. Now she had eyes on them. They were both average height and build, though the woman was barely shorter. hey both looked to be in their early thirties, and were dressed in innocuous clothing. Disguises? The woman wore her hair in a blonde pony, while the man had long brown hair and a beard. No tattoos on either that she could see.

'That's the last time today,' the woman said. Her companion grumbled. 'We shouldn't have left to begin with, asshole. You should be thanking me for the opportunity.' Sombra had to leave, now. She went to walk past them, but the woman suddenly made for the computer, meaning Sombra had to back away, retreating into a corner to let her pass. The hacker was getting desperate now. Squeezing her thighs together, Sombra prayed the woman would move out of the way so she could get to a bathroom. 

It was becoming more important than the mission. She could kill them both right here, of course, but she had been given specific instructions to keep this one quiet, and that stealth hadn't been compromised just yet. While Sombra watched the woman open the laptop mere inches in front of her, she heard another loud clang, followed by several crashes and thunks. She swore inwardly. The door. Her bladder didn't take the news well, and Sombra found herself needing to bounce in place to deal with her need, her hands wandering towards her inner thighs. She was better than holding herself.

In a flash of realisation, Sombra broke into a grin. Her Translocator! She'd somehow forgotten it, maybe cause her brain was being clouded by her growing emergency. Either way, she cheerily clicked her "return" input, and closed her eyes.

After a moment passed and she could still hear the clicking of keys, Sombra's eyes reopened. On her optic display she read the words "CONNECTION DISRUPTED // TRANSLOCATION FAILURE" about three times in a row. This time she almost swore out loud. 'The lining.' Somehow, it was real, and it had her cut off. Her confidence vanished as she realised she was now stranded in this room. And she really, really had to go pee soon.

Ten minutes passed. The woman was sat on the floor against a wall, playing with a Rubik's Cube, while the man was lying on the mattress, staring at the ceiling. Both completely oblivious to the invisible, desperate hacker pressed into the corner mere feet away. By now Sombra's thighs were were close to cramping, she'd had them held together for so long. Still, she was trying to stave off panic with reassuring thoughts. This was fine. No problem, even. She'd been in tighter spots than this. 'Maybe not any smaller rooms, though,' she thought bitterly, as another wave of pressure rolled through her.

The man spoke suddenly. 'Not sure why they needed two people for this.' 'Maybe it's in case one of us doesn't show?' The woman set down her cube as she replied. The room was almost totally silent outside of their conversation, and Sombra hated that she couldn't move. The slightest creak of a floorboard, even the rustle of her jacket; if she alerted them to her presence, she had no way out but to kill them. Her perfect record for solo stealth operations was in the balance here, and she was trapped.

Sombra's thoughts betrayed her in the silence, as she couldn't stop herself from thinking about the fountain she passed on the way. How the water had trickled down it, softly yet continuously splashing as it reached the basin. She could hear it so clearly inn her mind, and her bladder responded with its greatest wave of desperation yet. Despite her protests, the tiniest amount of pee slipped out of her, being absorbed by her high-leg magenta panties. Sombra bit down hard on her lower lip, feeling another wave on the way. Her hands gave in at last, darting between her legs and pressing firmly against her crotch through her catsuit. Sombra had to hold back a gasp from the feeling of relief this new pressure gave her. Neither occupant of the room seemed to notice the rustling, and she resolved to not move an inch from this position. What she was waiting for, though, she wasn't sure of.

The man on the bed stretched, his back popping audibly. 'Didn't we have TV in here?' he asked, rolling onto his side. 'We did.' The woman didn't look at him, clearly as bored as he was. 'They did something to the room last weekend, now the connection won't work.'

'Where's the screen?' 'Out back.' She waved a hand dismissively. 'Somewhere. Wanna take a look at it?'

Sombra's heart leapt in her chest. If he opened the door, even for a second, she could slip out. She'd have to be fast, but she could do fast. She was a Talon agent, for crying out loud, she could-

'Pass.' He rolled onto his back again.

Sombra wanted to scream. Her legs were trembling now, either from being squeezed too tight for too long, or from sheer desperation. Sombra was beginning to fear the inevitable moment where she separates her legs, as even in a world where the door swings open right now, she'd still need to walk out. What if she couldn't hold it? At the mere thought of this catastrophe, another spurt escaped her, and Sombra's eyes widened with panic and desperation. She clamped her hands down hard, cutting the spurt off quickly, but the damage had been done to her composure. Her panties must have already absorbed a previous leak, as she felt a drop escape them to slide down her thigh, sinking into her catsuit. 

This had reached emergency level and there was no sign of any change. Sombra seriously considered killing them both, but she was loathe to tarnish her spotless record. She gloated to Widow a lot about the superiority of being a ghost. 'There's still a chance I salvage this,' she thinks, pressing harder into the crotch of her catsuit.

Some more time passed. Sombra couldn't stop herself from squirming a little more, shifting from foot to foot as slowly and carefully as possible in an effort to relieve whatever pressure she could without making noise. Her breathing had become shallow and controlled, though she was battling an overwhelming urge to whimper with fear. She hadn't leaked again, but could feel herself getting weaker. Her custom high-leg panties now bore a coin-sized wet spot, just underneath Sombra's own logo, which was printed on them. The hacker could feel this dampness pressing into her as she held herself, but refused to acknowledge the fact that she was losing the battle, desperate to wait out something happening to save her from this plight.

Suddenly, she heard a slight rustling, and looked over to see that the blonde woman on the floor had shifted around a little. In fact, she now sat in a way Sombra recognized instantly. She had drawn her legs up and was pushing them into each other. A frown of discomfort had settled on her features. 'I need to pee,' the woman admitted, making Sombra's bladder lurch violently. The hacker panicked, holding herself even tighter. 'No. No no no,' she thought. If this woman kept talking about bathrooms, she wasn't sure how long she could hold on.

'So go,' came the man's reply. 'We're not leaving again, I told you.' The woman sounded irritated to be denying herself relief. 'I can hold it.' Sombra was furious. 'No you can't!! Goooooooo!!!!' she screamed mentally. Somewhere she could follow, preferably.

'I guess there's the pot.' Sombra's brain short-circuited. 'The what?' The man gestured vaguely underneath the bed. 'Under there. You must remember the pot.' Suddenly, the woman's face contorted with disgust. 'The chamber pot? No way. Absolutely not.' Sombra's eyes followed the man's gesture, and she noticed the sickly colour of something ceramic under the bedframe. They really did have a chamber pot in here. Sombra's mind was reeling. If the blonde woman used it she could close her eyes, but she couldn't cover her ears without taking her hands from their current job. The thought of listening to someone else relieve themselves, let alone seeing it, forced another spurt out of the desperate hacker, which she fumbled to cut off. Sombra could feel the wet spot expanding over the crotch of her custom panties. She wanted to die from shame.

'It's that or it's nothing,' the man piped up, shrugging. 'Your choice.' 'I am not using a chamber pot while you're sitting right there.' Sombra could see that the blonde was red with embarrassment. 'Then don't. Hold it. What do I care,' the man said with finality. The blonde muttered something under her breath, but didn't reply. Then Sombra watched as the woman looked over to check if her companion was still facing the wall, then let a hand drift between her legs, giving herself a firm squeeze. Sombra knew the woman's plight all too well right now, but her own emergency was too great to spend much thought on sympathy.

Time continued to pass. Sombra's legs were shaking openly now, as she could do whatever she wanted as long as she stayed silent. Her hands were cramping from how hard she was pressing against herself, so she kept needing to switch them out. However, each time the desperate woman let up the pressure even slightly, she would leak in earnest. Some spurts had escaped her in the process, each one soaking her underwear a little more. The fabric now felt damp and uncomfortable against her entrance, and Sombra knew that if she looked down she'd probably see a wet spot forming on her catsuit. Not that anyone could see her. But she could feel it.

'Okay, I can't.' The woman suddenly stood up from the floor. Sombra flinched, looking over at her. 'I can't hold it. Open the door.' The man replied with his eyes closed. 'I thought we weren't leaving.' 'We're not. I'm leaving. For two minutes. I'll be right back.'

'You said—'

'I know what I said!' The woman's voice had an edge of desperation to it. Sombra knew it well. 'But I have to pee, and I'm not using that thing, so just... open the door, okay? I'll be fast.'

The man opened his eyes, then swung his legs off the mattress. 'Fine. But remember this for next time, alright? Not fair to have a double standard.' 'Whatever, just— hurry up.' The blonde was bouncing on the balls of her feet. Sombra's heart was pounding so hard she was certain they must be able to hear it. He was going to open the door. This was her chance. She just had to time it right, had to slip past them before it closed. The man walked over to the door, fished a huge keychain out of his pocket, and began working on the massive locks. Sombra heard them unlatch one at a time, and with them she felt her control slip a little more each time. She was so close to freedom. She would actually complete the mission without anyone knowing she was ever there, if she just held on a little longer. Keeping her hands firmly between her legs, the invisible woman inched towards the door.

Bringing up the last immense latch, the man swung the door open, revealing the dark courtyard beyond it. 'Go on then,' he said, 'I'll keep an eye.' The woman must have really been desperate, thought Sombra, as the blonde dashed out of the room and into the night without a word. Before she had even left the room, however, before the man could think about closing the door, Sombra was running. If she tried to leave quietly she could be too slow. She needed out NOW, even if he reports a couple footsteps. Her hands unable to stay firmly between her running legs, Sombra could feel herself leaking with every step, the warm urine seeping through her underwear and down the legs of her suit. She wasn't getting home completely dry, but she had made it out. Triumphantly, Sombra shot out of the door like she had been fired from a cannon, not looking back. She could have cheered.

The desperate hacker raced down the alleyway, wheeling through the archway she had come through earlier. Every bone in her body wanted to squat down right now, unzip her suit and just piss as hard as she could, maybe moan under the weight of the sheer relief, but she knew she couldn't. The blonde had gone through here, and Sombra knew she needed to get further away before she could get her relief. Then, stumbling into the courtyard, she saw the fountain again, right in front of her. She heard the steady trickling with which her imagination had tortured her earlier. Coming to a stop, her legs quivered.

'No...' she said out loud, unable to stop herself. A hard stream of pee forced itself out of her, a four-second jet that she desperately rammed both her hands into. 'No, no!' She tried taking a step forwards, and felt an ocean of pee up against her entrance. 'Please...' she begged, to nobody in particular. The fountain took no notice, continuing to pour its water. This was altogether too much for Sombra's exhausted bladder, though she couldn't accept it. Another hot spurt of piss escaped her, this one splattering to the floor between the legs of her catsuit. She was almost crying now. 'I... I need to...' Before she could finish her sentence, the dam finally broke completely.

Letting out a loud hiss, urine instantly flooded her catsuit, the stream too fast to be absorbed, let alone too much. Her soaked underwear did nothing to prevent the jet that was surging out of her, already having been worked to its limit from her many leaks. Piss was running down both of Sombra's legs, what remained of her stream splattering on the floor between them, showing no sign of stopping. Sombra fell to her knees, unable to stand on her weak legs anymore, alongside feeling utterly humiliated. She splashed down into her own puddle, urine falling out of her boots, having been pooling inside them already. 

Slowly, her mind totally lost to her augments, Sombra faded back into visibility, her accident now on display for the world to see. She felt her stream begin to taper off, and looked down to see it dribbling out of her suit, which she noticed was visible with a panicked start. Before she could return to invisibility, however, Sombra was interrupted by a second wave of hot urine shooting out of her, easily piercing her catsuit and splattering into the side of the fountain. Taken by surprise that she was still going, Sombra could only lean back and close her eyes, unable to hold back her moans of relief at being able to just piss. Her face was red with utter humiliation, and the stream showed no signs of stopping yet, only getting stronger in bursts as Sombra clenched and unclenched her spasming muscles. Through the sound of her own urine splashing onto herself and the floor, Sombra could still hear the fountain's gentle trickling.

Eventually, Sombra regained clarity of thought, still peeing, and decided enough was enough. She forced her aching muscles to stop the stream, in a failed attempt to salvage any dignity by having control over her body. She somehow still had urine inside her, but she could pee later. She had to extract. Slowly, Sombra stood back up, legs trembling. Her catsuit was utterly soaked from the waist down, and pee was still dripping from where it ended at her ankles. Her boots squelched horribly when she shifted her weight. Standing in a puddle of her own piss, the woman felt utterly humiliated.

Just then, she heard a faint whirring sound behind her. She turned around like lightning, and was greeted by the sight of the camera she temporarily disabled earlier, currently pointing right at her. A red light on its front indicated that it was recording. Sombra felt a jolt of pure fear shoot through her, and with hands soaked in her own urine, she pulled up a holo-keypad and began annihilating the camera's connection to any system. She burned it out from the inside so severely that when it fell, again dead, it began emitting black smoke. The hacker prayed to any god listening that no footage survived.

Walking out of the courtyard, she lazily turned invisible again, without the theatrics. The woman's exhausted muscles were now almost powerless to hold in the pee she had left in her system, but Sombra was determined to feel in control of her own body after such a humiliating accident, so she forced them to clench up as she walked. 'I am not pissing myself again,' she hissed through gritted teeth. She'd find somewhere private in a moment, somewhere she could properly empty her bladder. Preferably indoors this time.

Remembering she was invisible, Sombra pressed both hands between her legs again, just to help herself hold it for a moment. It didn't matter how long it took her to get back now that nobody could see her. As she continued down the road, Sombra heard another fountain. She didn't remember one being here, but she could certainly hear a steady stream of liquid splashing on stone. Her bladder threatened a second explosion, and Sombra annoyedly looked at where the sound was coming from, crossing her legs.

It was the blonde.

She was crouching just behind a large ornamental planter, looking up with her eyes closed and mouth half-open in relief. Sombra realised that she had been hearing the woman's urine hitting the ground. In fact, a puddle was slowly creeping out from behind the planter. This realisation instantly brought her bladder to the brink, and Sombra took every effort possible to stem the flow in a panic, realising the woman would hear her peeing if she wet herself again. The blonde's stream slowly tapered off, then stopped entirely.

Sombra heard her let out a long sigh of relief, then saw her shimmy up her jeans and step out from behind the planter. She walked back directly towards Sombra, who got a clear view of her lower half, and stifled a gasp. The woman's jeans had a dark stain at the crotch, continuing down one thigh. She had leaked too. In her efforts to find a bathroom, the woman hadn't made it. Sombra couldn't help but imagine her desperation. The hacker's bladder spasmed with sympathy, and a fresh spurt shot out of her. 'No, no, not again, please-' ran her thoughts, but there was nothing she could do. Her hands and thighs lacked the strength they needed, and she should have known not to cut short her first release. Urine instantly re-flooded her soaked panties, and the blonde saw a trail of piss hit the ground from seemingly nowhere. She stopped in her tracks, surprised. 'Is someone there?'

Sombra didn't know what to do. She couldn't hold it any more, and was about to finish pissing herself in front of someone who would then compromise her identity. There was no way out, except for killing her. Leaving a trace, which she couldn't- Her translocator. With a rush of adrenaline, Sombra remembered her translocator was still active. She could make it out yet. Another spurt escaped her, and Sombra sobbed with desperation as she fumbled for the recall command. She could see the beacon's location, in the alley where she'd left it. Targeting it, she began leaking heavily, whimpering as piss ran down her legs in rivulets, her muscles unable to do anything to stop it. Another puddle was forming at her feet, getting larger with each leak, and the blonde was staring directly at it, stunned into silence by the inexplicable pool of liquid.

Sombra triggered her Translocator. The world blurred around her, and then she was back in the alley where she'd first arrived, her beacon glinting on the ground beside her. As she collapsed against the alley wall, her bladder gave up completely. Sombra's invisibility flickered and died as she again lost all concentration, hot urine flooding out of her in an endless torrent, soaking her catsuit all over again, running down her legs and pooling around her boots, while splattering onto the alley wall and floor. She couldn't hope to stop it. She couldn't even try. Her body had made its decision, and she no longer had any way to prevent herself from peeing, meaning all she could do was stand there, shuddering and moaning, as she emptied herself onto the ground. Wave after wave of pee streamed out of her, each one weaker than the last but still seemingly without end. Sombra's eyes were squeezed shut, her face burning, her whole body trembling with the force of her release.

When it finally, finally stopped, Sombra didn't move for two minutes, listening to the pee drip off her body. Then she looked down at herself. Her catsuit was practically destroyed. Saturated to its full capacity, it clung to her in ways that made her want to die. Her boots were entirely full of urine, to the extent that she may have to empty them out. The puddle around her feet was wide enough to reach both sides of the alleyway. She picked up her Translocator and pocketed it.

She'd succeeded in her mission. Nobody saw her. Not her body, at least, though the thought made her blush. Her perfect record was still intact, and nobody would ever need to know what happened today. Sombra activated her invisibility one final time, not for the mission but because she needed to go unseen like this. It flickered, protested, then reluctantly engaged, letting Sombra begin the long, uncomfortable walk home.

///

