The Inheritance

Author: Tsuchigumo550

*000*2016-04-09 05:44

Disclaimer! This is a work of fiction that will involve somewhat unrealistic sizes. For those of you who are willing to stick past that, this is also probably going to be prone to a super-wonky or otherwise limited update schedule, and I may not ever truly finish this story before moving on to the next, as I'm writing it by the seat of my pants. There isn't a terribly large amount of omorashi in this opening yet, either, and may be a little dark on the themes to start with, but I intend to move into far more omorashi content than what's already here. My thanks to all the fiction writers on this site, as without the numerous stories that have inspired me to make this, I'd have never gone so far as to even do this much.

"I'm afraid you really don't have any other options. Your debts are considerable, and we are not open to negotiation."

"B-but it's not my debt! You can't possibly do this, it can't be legal!"

"Unfortunately, you are the sole heir to that failure of a company, and since it was left to you, so are the unpaid loans. If you would like to take us to court, we'll gladly provide you funds for defense, which will undoubtedly lead to further repayments. You're already looking at several lifetimes of debt, you should be thankful we're willing to give you an option at all."

"Is it really that much of a choice? To be put in one of those... shows?"

"You are exceedingly lucky to have so many sellable features, otherwise you would not even have this meager freedom."

She looked over the papers, skipping past numerous legal documents detailing the severity of her inherited debt. A few medical sheets with increasingly odd figures. The important ones, though, involved the waivers for those "shows"..."

"Each of these shows, the details... This can't even be PHYSICALLY possible, let alone legally! Who would ever agree to... to this?"

It didn't matter which of the sheets she held up.

"You will. Or, one will be chosen for you. You are fully capable of fulfilling everything laid out in those documents, and you are lucky that we aren't forcing you through them in sequence. Continue to make this hard for us, and we might yet."

She continued to read through them, desperately seeking for something... vanilla. At least, not as extreme as the first one she'd read. Each one was so needlessly detailed about what it would bring, the sheer absurdity of each show laid out in plain, dry legal text...

"Fine. I can't possibly read through any of these and make a choice like that. You decide. You practically own me now, anyway."

"Correct. Perhaps if you keep such a dutiful mentality, you will be debt-free within two seasons. Let's see... No, not this one... Anal's a little too much even with your lower body... Ah, perfect."

"P-perfect?"

"You'll be repaying your debts by appearing in our live omorashi shows. If you haven't read through it, you may wish t-"

"No. I'm... aware, of what that is. Knowing the depraved levels people like you are willing to take it, well... I'd rather not know."

"You're only delaying the inevitable. Sign here. By signing, you agree to eight shows, a full season, and a contract renewal at the end of the season..."

The rich lawyer droned on. Liability. Nondisclosure. The more he spoke, the less she understood. Her eyes tried to stick to the signature lines, but every inch of the paper was covered in statements that brought a shiver to her spine. Only once did she protest.

"Upwards of FOUR LITERS? You can't inflict that on someone! It just isn't possible!"

"If you had read the full extent of this document, you would know of the entrance procedures, which will further enhance your already considerable natural talent. Four is an understatement for what you're truly capable of. Secondarily, I would much rather you keep interruptions to an absolute minimum, or I will personally instruct our handlers to test the limits of the phrase "upwards of".

She got the message. Maybe the "beads" show would have been better, at least that one said "no more than one hundred"...

With each signature, she made their ownership more final. Resisting their demands would have only meant far more trouble later on... They were a very, very influential mega-company, so powerful that even the government couldn't touch them. The rumors were common- seedy underground shows of utterly decadent "fetish shows" where the affluent and wealthy could satisfy the darkest of their desires... Shows that seemingly pushed the extreme limits of physical capability, making things straight out of fantasies undoubtably, un-challengably real. Sometimes, blurry recordings made their way up to dark corners of the internet, appearing for a day or two before mysteriously dissapearing.

She'd seen one such movie- everyone had, though no one admitted to it- and the idea that such a thing was real... The majority of her was some mix of disgusted and frightened, embarrassed. Some tiny part of her subconscious may have buzzed with excitement, but most likely, it was just adrenaline coursing through her as she realized the gravid reality of her situation.

"And that's the last one. If you were a worthy business partner, I'd tell you to enjoy working alongside our firm. However, that doesn't really apply here... If you want the honest, off the record truth, I can't wait to see your first show. It's not often we get someone so... potentially talented."

She shivered. "Potentially talented" was not a combination of words she wanted to hear.

###

"Processing" took three days. The company's people swooped in, changed everything, and left, as quickly and as cleanly as possible. She was once Isabel, daughter of a young, divorced upshot trying to sell his various patents, and now she was simply gone. Isabel ceased to exist outside of her own, and her ruling company's, eyes. These last days marked the end of her freedom, as at the end of her three-day grace period, a number of staff wearing labcoats soon took her away. The vehicle they chose was possibly at one point an ambulance, although the logo upon it now was one she didn't recognize- possibly a subsidiary of the huge firm she now belonged to.

Doctor types swarmed around her, instructing her to do various things- including swallowing a number of pills, and taking a few shots. No part of the process was pleasant, but even though they obviously wanted to work quickly, they at least did a careful job. At the end of it all, she was presented with a small candy, as well as a large bottle of water. Before she could question it, one of the doctors automatically went into an explanation, as if they'd done this hundreds of times.

"Eat, drink, now. All that stuff we gave you is for a very specific purpose and- looking through your file- it should be working incredibly well. We have to have our tests done by the time we arrive. It would be best if you cooperate with us, and contain yourself for the trip. Understand?"

Isabel sighed, but nodded. She already knew that whatever was in the candy, or the water, would definitely cause a reaction... In truth, she could already feel the tell-tale twinge of need between her legs, but it was mild- even moreso than usual, now. She'd always been blessed with not just a spacious bladder, but an ironclad one, something she'd found out in her youth as she dodged numerous potential accidents her friends couldn't avoid. Her reminiscing was broken by a sharp reminder to drink, and so, she did.

The vehicle began to move after she'd taken about half of the water in, suddenly realizing that it had a particularly bitter aftertaste. She didn't need to ask about it- at best, it was just caffeine, but she had no doubt it was a far stronger substance. She dutifully sucked down the rest of the water bottle before popping the small, sweet candy into her mouth to kill the bitterness of the diuretic water.

Aside from the general sense of unease, however, the ride was entirely uneventful. She had no window to look out of from the back of the almost ambulance-like vehicle, and inquiry was met with a short "Because of secrecy". No doubt, these places had to be secret... It couldn't have been very long at all, especially since her need hadn't grown all that much, before another water was handed to her.

"Drink."

Isabel considered asking for a candy, but after taking a sip, she realized that this bottle was pure, clean water. She sipped... and waited. And sipped, and waited. After drinking the entire first bottle in a hurry, she wasn't too keen on drowning herself with another, and the bottles weren't exactly small, either. Sip, pause, silence. Sip, pause... silence. She finished her bottle just as boredom got the better of her.

"What are you testing me for, anyway?"

The doctor let out a pained huff, but was obviously more bored than perturbed. "Capacity. You were already pretty spacious, but with certain enhancements produced by the things we gave you earlier, you'll be able to... fulfil those contracts. Don't ask me how it works, I won't tell you, and you wouldn't understand anyway."

"Sheesh..."

The ride continued in this pattern. Bottle, silence, drink, small talk, silence. Repeat. By her third normal bottle- her fourth in total- she finally noticed her bladder starting to get more demanding with it's urges. "Normally I'd have flooded this van already..." she mused quietly.

"Yes, you would have. That first drink is to dull certain senses and allow you to hold to your new limit more comfortably. The new cell growth needs a good test before we can let you do the show."

"I... see." she lied, only half understanding what they meant. She'd expected to be utterly dying for a leak by the time they reached their destination, and by all rights, she should have- with all the water, her bladder had begun to bulge out far enough to shock Isabel. She hadn't even noticed it begin to show, but now it was at such a size that she'd have been frantically crossing her legs and bouncing around in a meager, useless attempt at control- and yet here, she was able to sit with her legs together, able to endure with the occasional cross. Another bottle, and barely any effect...

A gruff voice sounded from the front of the van. "We're here."

"We're here", the doctor repeated, "and, so you know, you're holding roughly three and a half liters of pee. You don't feel it yet because of the drugged first bottle, but that'll wear off fairly soon. Your total capacity is somewhere nearing four, maybe four and a half liters, but just because you've got one of the biggest bladders around doesn't mean you won't get desperate. I guarantee you that the drug will wear off before you're given your room, so if you particularly like your clothes, I'd remove them now."

Isabel glared at him, shocked and taken aback by such a bold statement. "Don't look at me like that. It's not like you're gonna be keeping that pride past the front gate."

###

The building was impressive, modern-looking, and large, although she didn't look at any one thing too hard. A receptionist greeted the doctors, dismissed them, and started on a whirlwind-like tour of the small section of the building Isabel was allowed to see. "The dormitories are self-contained, and you are not to leave them without express permission and escort. Your room is 1108..."

She kept going on and on, pointing out various aspects of the living quarters. As long as you didn't look too hard, it wasn't that jail-like, although she definitely wouldn't be leaving of her own accord at any time. There was an outdoor section, with trees and flower beds, even benches and a water fountain. A small auxillary building for laundry, and...

"M-miss, where are the, uh, bathrooms? I think... it's starting to wear off..." Slowly, although far too quickly to be from natural filling, Isabel's bladder had started alerting her about just how absurdly full it had become. She crossed her legs as one hand grasped tightly between them, bunching up her skirt.

"There is a single shared bathroom that you may use between rooms 1107 and 1108. If you have to go so badly, I would advise you at least avoid the walkways."

Isabel shook her head, but she couldn't deny just how rapidly her urge was increasing. Like a wave of desperation, except so much stronger- more like a tsunami, all the water she'd had previously filling her up at a torrential pace.

"M-ma'am, in that case, m-my room... key..."

"You'll never make it. I would advise hurrying, unless you want to have laundry to do on the very first day."

"P-p-please... M-my key..."

"If you want to piss all over the sidewalk through your panties, I won't stop you. However, I'm not giving you your key until you finish your tour."

"T-then, let's..." Isabel danced about, crossing and double-crossing her legs. She tried doubling over, but her enormous bulge wouldn't let her do so for very long without threatening to empty all over.

"This is all part of the tour. Except for the part where I hand you the key, go have my fourth coffee, use that caffeine to power through your paperwork, and try not to piss myself at my desk. You think you're having a rough time? I'm not holding as much, but it'll be hours before I get to pee. At least I don't have to compete. You'd better get used to that need, and fast..."

Isabel hardly heard the secretary as she droned on about wetting. Isabel couldn't think straight about anything- her bladder demanded the controls, fighting to take over her brain and rip open her iron sphincter to let out the massive load of piss swirling and rolling in her ballooning bladder. She held and held, tightening and twisting up more and more like a pretzel with each mention of peeing, until finally, she could take no more.

Dashing off of the paved path a short distance, Isabel bent down to crudely yank her panties down- she'd already clearly leaked through them, given how she was trembling and spurting from this action alone. Isabel's first high-pressure slugs of hot piss struck against tree and plant alike, before a steady, forceful stream finally cut loose from her bare flower and into the ground below. The secretary looked away, one of her feet bouncing slightly, as Isabel took a full three minutes to completely empty herself.

"Here's your room key and keycard", the intern started, twisting about slightly. She continued under her breath, "God, I hate this part... Always makes me have to go... And I've still got hours on my shift..." Isabel took her time removing her soaked panties, left in nothing but a skirt, before gingerly taking the set of keys with her driest hand. "Try not to think about how that skirt's a size too small when you're doing my paperwork, all right?" she teased, seeing it as a fair way to get back at the company for making her piss herself for the first time in recent memory.

With a loud, angry huff, the secretary left, walking tensely back through doors that Isabel herself had no clearance to go through.

"Guess I'd better get up to my room, then, and dry off right..." 

*005*2016-04-17 03:21

The room itself wasn't all that uncomfortable- not nearly as much as the walk of pantiless shame up to the second floor had been after her accident, anyway. It was certainly larger than she'd expected, furnished more like a hotel room than a dorm, and even with a bathroom shared between suites, the sight of fresh towels was enough to forgive any recent transgressions against decency. It seriously was staying like a hotel- walking into the bathroom, Isabel noticed the relatively spacious bath, fancy, earth-tone tiles, and contrasting fluffy white towel that probably belonged to whoever lived across from her. She'd surely meet them later- for now, locking the door and cleaning up was her first priority.

Isabel looked at the towel in her hand for a moment, then to the bath... It surely looked luxurious, and new soaps and shampoo bottles already lined a nearby shelf, as if anticipating this very moment. Why towel off when you can soak in a warm bath, after all? Moments later, Isabel had the water to a reasonable temperature, allowing the bath to fill as she stripped away the remainder of her clothing. Given how she'd already been given new toiletries, it wasn't hard to imagine that her closet might already be stocked, likely with some of her old clothes. Isabel considered using the shower to tend to her hair, but as the bath had already filled fairly well, she decided a little relaxation first couldn't hurt.

Isabel's slim figure slipped into the slightly-steaming water with only small sounds, the waterline reaching up along her calf, up to her knee, and along her thigh as she climbed into the clear pool of water. Her somewhat thick thighs and exceptionally wide hips- wide enough to create the slightest gap between those aformentioned thighs- disappeared into the water with a small splash, followed by her tapered waist and modest chest. The tips of her hair coiled at the surface of the water as she let herself sink into the bath, past her small mounds up to her shoulders, stopping just before her neck as her knees re-emerged from the water. The tub, shaped more like a hot tub than anything else, was deep enough for her to submerge most of herself into the water, and included a small ledge to sit on underneath the showerhead. She made full use of these features- the tub wasn't exactly sized for two people, but she filled it with room to spare nonetheless.

Next came the pure-white bath cloth and swirly, fragrant blue-and-white soap. She dipped both into the water as she scrubbed the two together, making plenty of bubbles in the bath cloth and clouding the water somewhat as she did. Once the bath cloth had been properly lathered, she started with her shoulders- moving the sudsy white square down from her shoulder, across her slim, taut arm, past the slightly rough elbow to the delicate, dextrous fingertips. She wasn't the most athletic, but she certainly didn't have any flab here, and her skin looked healthy, if slightly tan, underneath the pure white bubbles. She repeated the back-and-forth process a couple more times before moving on to her other arm, doing the same pattern in reverse. A particularly noticeable freckle on her shoulder blended into her peripheal vision, as she'd seen it a hundred times before; it was covered up by soap with the second and third pass of the bath cloth.

She traced circles along her chest, moving from one shoulder to another, getting foamy white bubbles all the way up to her neck in the process. After moving up, she moved down- a bit more carefully, sending the white cloth down between her small barely-B cups, scrubbing them from underneath before more gently circling each mound, leaving them covered in cleansing foam. The soft cloth glided well over her figure, giving her little reason to brace for certain snags she'd experienced with more rough, worn rags...

More dipping soap and cloth into the water, generating bubbles to drift across the water's surface and muddling the image of her body underneath the previously clear water. She raised up and drew the cloth in a wide circle around her waist, before deciding to slink back down into the warm pool and scrub away from underneath the water's surface. Bubbles clinging to her body decided instead to spread out over the water, the white rag disappearing underneath the soap-clouded water to scrub away at her hips, stomach, and thighs. More and more foamy bubbles rose to the wobbling surface of the water, twisting and swirling with each unseen scrubbing motion. Isabel had nearly scrubbed all the way down to her feet when she heard a loud noise coming from behind the door- her roommate, whoever they may be, quite loudly making an entrance. A pause, before the bathroom door handle jiggled, once, twice, three times, each time longer and more violent- but the lock held.

"What? Locked? Oohhhh, noooo, I can't take this much longer..!" Another voice loudly proclaimed just on the other side of the door, muffled enough to be slightly difficult to hear over the slight sounds of moving water. "I-is there somebody in there? Please, please, pleaaaaaaase open the door! I'm gonna burst any second now, oooh..!"

Isabel shifted suddenly, causing the bathwater to splash noisily. "Uhm, hold on a moment! I still need to wash my hair..!" Isabel's embarrassed reply came with her suddenly turning on the shower, if both to hurry as well as to make up for her leisurely, slow pace earlier.

Bang bang, bang bang. Each knock thundered, the handle jiggling so much that Isabel could only imagine the wild dancing of the girl behind it. "Nooooooo, I can't wait that long! Please open the door, I barely made it here without an accident, I'm dying for a piss! Please!"

Isabel hurriedly ran soapy fingers through her hair, moving as quickly as she could without tangling herself up or being too rough. "Just a moment! I won't take more than a couple minutes!"

More loud banging, paired with whimpering and moaning loud enough to be heard through the thick doors. "Oh my god I can't take it, that shower is going to make me blow..! It feels like I'm smuggling a lake and my dam really can't hold it back very much longer! T-the door, I don't care, just open it pleaaaase!"

"You'll make it, you'll make it! Just, hold on!" Isabel shouted, rinsing the last of the soap out of her hair and unplugging the bath drain. She opened her own door to throw her clothes into her room, before wrapping her towel around herself. She didn't have the hands to do all of this and still unlock the door, further tormenting whoever was behind it...

"I won't if you don't open this door right now! I'm stretched bigger than a watermelon and tighter than a drum, with even more on the way!"

Isabel's hand reached the lock, but hesitated. She could only imagine what the girl on the other side of the door looked like, undoubtedly doubled over with one hand jammed tightly between double-crossed legs as she swayed and bounced, her enormous melon of a bladder bulging obscenely out of her clothes as one hand vigorously banged against the door, helplessly. Already pushed into extreme desperation, and by her own confession, filling even further, every single second counted- and Isabel was willingly letting them slip by, for reasons she didn't entirely understand.

"Oh god oh god pleeaaaaase just get this door open! I can hear all that water and it's driving me up the wall! Open..! Open..! Just, open it already!!!

Isabel fiddled with the lock, having difficulty turning it while the girl on the other end pulled it as though her life depended on it. "Let go, then! The lock's stuck, it won't turn if you keep pulling the handle!"

The frantic wobbling ceased. Isabel hesitated.

"Oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm going to die I have to pee I have to pee I have to pee..."

Two seconds passed as the lock clicked, Isabel pulling the door open. Rather than the instantaneous movement Isabel had been expecting, though, the girl struggled to take even the tiniest steps. She kept muttering her defeatist mantra the entire short journey to the toilet, twisted up tighter than a pretzel. It took great effort- though none so great as the effort she put into holding back the ocean of piss trapped inside her enormous bladder bulge- to turn around and plant herself on the seat.

She tried to pull her panties down, but her legs simply refused to uncross, and she only barely managed to get them out of the way before she spread her legs and let go. The only thing close to matching the resounding, high-pressure hissing of her stream was the loud, unashamed moan she released from her lips, sighing with great satisfaction at finally being able to relieve her titanic bladder. Isabel could only stare, at first at that slowly-shrinking melon-sized bulge, but later at the girl in general- taking in details about her new suite-mate.

She was definitely a very short girl, although her frame was not exactly petite- she looked young due to her height, but little else. The swell of her chest suggested a cup size that Isabel could only dream about, made all the more apparent by her diminutive stature, and furthermore, she had quite a wide set of hips as well. Isabel quietly prided herself in being the wider of the two, but this girl definitely had plenty of room for that enormous melon- Isabel saw it receding back into a flat belly when she looked again. The girl's bright, vivid red hair caught Isabel's attention, it was roughly as long as Isabel's own, reaching a little further down on the other girl's figure. Minutes passed as she fully emptied, completely oblivious to the towel-clad Isabel watching in wonder.

"Hhah... oh god, I thought I was gonna explode. They didn't warn me you were coming in today! I guess they wouldn't, since we won't actually be sharing more than a bathroom, but... wow, very nearly some bad timing, wasn't it?"

Isabel nodded, quietly. "I guess it was, wasn't it."

"Nearly bad is better than totally bad. Anyway, my name is Dahlia. If you need help getting used to things, just come chat! My door's always open."

"Uh, thanks! I'm Isabel."

"Don't be shy, newbie. You'll get used to it. You know, living here is actually pretty comfortable. All you have to do is participate in those shows, as lewd as they might be, and they take such lavish care of you outside of that! Seriously, you can ask them for anything. Might take a couple tries for 'em to get it spot on at first, but they don't want you being too stressed off the job, you know? Makes for bad shows."

"Oh, really? Anything?"

"Pretty much. I ask for a high-end gaming laptop at least once every other year. Sometimes I'll ask for games, art supplies, notebooks, games... Whatever I want at the time, really! They have these nice little forms, should be on your desk."

"I see... This is free?"

"Kinda. I'm sure that there's some loophole where it extends your contract, but really, why leave? I'd never be able to live this good on my own."

"Yeah... I'm probably going to be on for at least two seaso-"

"Three or four. Like I said, they find ways to keep you. Seriously, if you're already looking at that kind of time, settle in and get used to it. We've got a little while before the new season starts anyway."

"I'm... not so sure I-"

"I wasn't either. But seriously, it's totally worth it. Come on, if you were the type that really minded, you'd have had that door open way faster."

"I, I..."

"Look, it's no problem! I'm just trying to give you some advice, y'know? Speaking of, it's not just me. Everyone in this hall sticks together. Not during the shows, so much, since we've all got our own motivations. But outside of that, totally! We're all literally in this together."

"I... see. Thanks."

"You're welcome. For the advice and the show."

Isabel blushed, realizing that she'd just watched Dahlia relieving herself, then held a conversation with her, all in their shared bathroom.

"Don't worry about it, newbi- I mean, Isabel. You get used to this kinda stuff pretty fast. I get it if you want your privacy, just know I'm not the kind of girl who minds."

"Got it. I'll uh, see you later."

"See ya."

Isabel flopped down on her bed, sighing. The bath was quite relaxing, and her suite-mate... well, for a moment, the sheer absurdity of their first meeting brought a giggle to Isabel's lips. Life here really didn't seem all that bad- her bed was soft, she had anything she could possibly want, and she had people around who would definitely keep life... interesting, to say the least. Was it something she'd get used to, though? She couldn't shake how... foreign, it all felt. The room felt like a hotel, not a home. Her new friend felt like a one-time encounter, not a neighbor. Maybe all of that would wear off by the first show, then again, maybe it wouldn't...

