Fall festivities (braixen omorashi)

Author: tfarmjr

*000*2025-12-23 06:52

Btw this is a continuation of my previous omorashi “Braixen’s panty predicament” if you haven’t read it yet I would recommend that you do because it’s a good omorashi story (in my bias opinion). It’s not necessary to understanding this story but there are some lines that are call backs to the original omorashi.

###

A chill breeze swept by, and Braixen shivered in response to the sudden temperature change. Her trainer noticed and started rummaging through his backpack as they kept walking. He found what he was looking for and stopped Braixen. He knelt down to her level.

“Here, this should help with the cold.”

Braxien’s trainer began to wrap a white-and-red-striped scarf around Braixen. She felt the soft, warm wool of the scarf around her neck as her trainer finished wrapping it. Her trainer then stood up and admired his handiwork with a soft smile.

“What do you think, Braixen? If you ask me, the scarf makes you look cuter.”

Braxien blushed at the compliment and let out a cheery “Bra!” as a response. Her trainer’s smile grew, and he grabbed Braixen’s paw as they continued walking.

Braxien looked around and saw people and Pokémon chatting amongst themselves, the various conversations filling the crisp air. She then looked up at the trees, whose leaves were sporting a variety of vibrant reds, yellows, and oranges. She smiled at the leaves, as they were the same colors as her (minus the black and white). Braixen looked ahead at the colorful tents of games and shops as the sweet aroma of pumpkin spice filled the air. She couldn’t help but feel amazed at the sight and smells of the fall festival.

“Okay, Braixen. You want some hot chocolate first to warm you up?”

Braxien looked up at her trainer and nodded excessively. Her trainer chuckled at Braixen’s over-eagerness. They made their way to a tent that was selling hot chocolate and coffee. Her trainer asked for, and paid for, a coffee and hot chocolate. As Braixen and her trainer sat together on a picnic bench, Braixen began taking big gulps of her hot chocolate. She felt the heat of the liquid slide down her throat and spread its warmth to the rest of her body.

“Woah, you don’t have to drink it that fast. It isn’t going anywhere.”

Braxien didn’t reply, nor really hear, her trainer’s advice as she kept guzzling the hot beverage. Once she had slurped up the last drop of hot chocolate from her cup, she set it down and took some deep breaths. A cloud of visible air started surrounding her mouth. Her trainer, who was sipping on his coffee, gave Braixen a smug smile.

“I guess I don’t have to ask if you liked it.”

Braxien got her bearings and nodded her head. She then began fumbling with the empty Styrofoam cup, looking a little downtrodden. She got her trainer’s attention with a quick “braxien” and gestured toward the empty cup as her trainer looked over. Her trainer raised an eyebrow and said,

“What? You want more hot chocolate?”

Braxien slowly nodded.

“No, you can’t have another one. That’s way more sugar than you need, and not to mention it’ll make you… want… to—”

Braxien’s trainer slowly stopped talking and stared at Braixen’s face, which was now sporting cute puppy eyes. Her trainer paused for a moment before caving and let out a visible sigh.

“Fine. Since it’s a festival and we’re here to have fun, you can have another—but savor it this time, okay?”

Braxien nodded excitedly as her trainer got up and headed back toward the tent with the hot chocolate.

As Braixen watched her trainer walk off and join the small line, she tried to find a way to distract herself. She looked around and started watching the people and Pokémon—their body language, the way their mouths moved, and their facial expressions. While people-watching, another small breeze went by and hit Braixen with a waft of cold air. The scarf helped, but not by much, as the coldness still traveled through her body. The cold made her hyper-aware of her body parts, and specifically her bladder, which sent a small signal to her brain. Before she could fully process it, her trainer came back and set the hot chocolate in front of Braixen.

“Remember, slowly this time.”

Braxien nodded as she started taking small sips of her drink. As she was sipping, she felt another small tingle near her nether region. She immediately recognized the feeling of needing to pee, but it was only a small warning sign—nothing that needed to be dealt with immediately. Nonetheless, she still continued to sip the hot chocolate. She knew that it was probably a bad idea given the small warning, but the hot chocolate was too good to pass up and it was a rare treat for her.

After Braixen and her trainer had finished their drinks, they got up from the table and started walking around the festival. Braixen and her trainer went to a few more tents and ate some caramel apples and pumpkin bread. While walking, she felt the twinge between her legs again. Still nothing too serious, but a little bit worse than the last one. Braixen looked around (whether it was for a bathroom or a distraction, she couldn’t tell) and noticed a tent with a sign that had Poké Balls on it and some words in the middle. She could barely read English, though she’d picked up a word or two just from seeing it a lot. Most of the words on the sign she couldn’t recognize, but the one word she could was “competition.” Braixen pulled on her trainer’s shirt to get his attention, and when she had it, she pointed over to the table. The trainer squinted his eyes to read the sign and smiled.

“A catching competition. You want to see what it’s about?”

Braxien nodded and sprinted over to the table to see what this “catching competition” was. Her trainer called out to her.

“Hey, wait for me!”

But she was too far away to hear it. When she got to the table and stood on her tippy toes to see over the table, a lady in glasses and a lab coat smiled at her.

“Well, aren’t you just the cutest little thing. But where’s your trainer?”

Her trainer jogged over to catch up with her and scolded Braixen.

“Braixen! You have to wait for me. Don’t run off ahead like that.”

Braxien looked down, ashamed that she had let her eagerness get the better of her. She let out a quiet “braixen” as an apology. Her trainer then turned to the lady.

“I’m sorry. She gets ahead of herself sometimes, but we’re working on it.”

“Oh, it’s fine, really. She looked cute with that eager expression. Have you two been together long?”

Braxien’s trainer responded while petting Braixen’s head.

“Yeah, I got her when I was 16 and wanted to be a Pokémon trainer. We didn’t get very far in the league, though, heh heh.” Her trainer awkwardly laughed.

“Oh, well, maybe now’s your chance to redeem yourself. I’m with the local Pokémon researchers, and we’re holding a catching competition to see who can catch the most wild Pokémon from the nearby forest.”

“Oh, really? But why are you guys hosting a catching competition if you’re researchers?”

“Well, basically, we need Pokémon and funding. So we’re hosting a competition to see who can catch Pokémon for us. People pay to compete, and once the competition is over, you take one Pokémon you caught and we take the rest. Essentially, think of this as one big outsourcing disguised as a competition.”

“Oh, okay, I understand. Man, I haven’t tried to catch Pokémon since my league days.” Braixen’s trainer closed his eyes and smiled as he reminisced about his days as an official Pokémon trainer. He then eagerly opened his eyes.

“Alright, yeah, how much to join?”

“500 Pokédollars.”

Her trainer took out his wallet and handed some cash to the lady.

“Okay, you’re all set. Make sure to be back at this tent at 2. We’ll only wait 5 minutes for stragglers, but after that we’re starting the competition.”

Braxien’s trainer took out his Rotom Phone and checked the current time.

“Okay, be here an hour from now, got it. Come on, Braixen, let’s go have more fun while we wait.”

Braxien nodded, and they walked away from the tent to find something to kill the time. While walking, Braixen felt another tingling from her bladder. It was a little worse than before, but nothing that made her want to cross her legs or grab herself. She ignored the feeling and continued walking.

After about 20 minutes of playing games and checking out what the little shop tents were selling, they decided to warm up with some hot apple cider. While sipping on her drink, a cold breeze made Braixen shiver and tense up. The cold wind had made her aware of her growing need, which was now worse than before. Not about-to-pee-herself worse, but it was still a step up from her earlier signals. She figured this was due to the extra hot chocolate that she had guilt-tripped her trainer into getting for her.

She stopped drinking her apple cider and rubbed her thighs together while shifting her weight. Now that she had noticed her filling bladder, it was a small constant reminder. She recalled her most recent accident at the mall and noted that she had hesitated to tell her trainer of her need to pee until she was feeling the worst of it. Much to her dismay, she realized that in order to prevent another accident, she’d have to do the responsible—and embarrassing—act of telling her trainer that she needed to pee. Her cheeks blushed a light red at the thought, but as shameful and embarrassing as it would be to confess her growing need to pee, it would be even more shameful and embarrassing to wet herself. She stood there, thighs rubbing against each other, and another small reminder of her need pushed her into admitting her problem to her trainer.

Braxien walked up beside her trainer and pulled on his clothes to get his attention. Her trainer looked down at her, oblivious to her predicament but not for long.

“Hey, Braixen, is something wrong?”

Braxien blushed and turned her head to the side as she rubbed her thighs together and pulled the front of her fur skirt down. She slowly and sheepishly nodded her head yes. Her trainer knelt down to her height with a worried look.

“Are you feeling okay? You’re not sick, are you?”

Braxien shook her head “no” while still looking off to the side. Her trainer started to think out loud.

“Well, if you aren’t feeling sick, then are you hurt somewhere?” Braixen shook her head no again and shifted her weight from leg to leg. Her trainer gave her a long up-and-down and then put two and two together.

“Ohhhhh, I see. You need to pee.”

Braxien’s blush intensified while she nodded yes, still looking off to the side, not even daring to make eye contact.

“Well, do you have to go right now?”

Braxien shook her head no.

“Okay, that’s good. Let’s find you a bathroom then.”

Braxien shyly let out a “brai…” while looking back up at her trainer. Her trainer gave Braixen a soft smile and held out his hand for Braixen to grab. Braixen took the hand, and they followed the signs toward the bathroom. Once they had made it toward the edge of the festival, they laid eyes upon the rows of porta-potties, and for a moment Braixen felt relieved. But that was before she saw the long lines of people and Pokémon waiting in front of all of them, each one about 15 people long. She stared at the line in disbelief. Her trainer, noticing her worried expression, said,

“Well, looks like you’ll have to wait a bit longer, Braixen. Sorry.”

Braxien only let out a whine as a response. They begrudgingly joined the end of one of the lines and began waiting. Her trainer pulled out his Rotom Phone while holding one of Braixen’s paws. At first, Braixen’s biggest concern wasn’t her bladder but more so her boredom. Braixen was used to this, though, and she often found that people-watching helped distract her. Most of the humans waiting in line were either on their phones or talking with their friends or Pokémon, and most of the humans and Pokémon faces were showing a mix of concern and frustration. A very common complaint of the fall festival was that the bathroom lines were too long. They tried to fix it, though—as every year there were always one or two more porta-potties than the last. But the fall fest planners’ efforts were in vain, as every year the town would grow more than anyone could’ve predicted, making the additional porta-potties irrelevant.

As she was thinking about this, another light breeze jolted her bladder and forced her to squeeze her open paw in between her legs. She felt the weight and warmth of her bladder against the cool air, and it made her feel as if her bladder was fuller than it actually was. The desperation calmed down, and she removed her free paw from holding herself. She still couldn’t sit still, as she had to constantly shift her weight, rub her thighs together, or cross her legs when she thought no one was looking. Her trainer noticed the fidgeting and spoke up.

“Hey, Braixen, uh, all this movement—is it from the sugar, or… ahem do you just need to pee super bad?”

Braxien’s cheeks felt hot as she fixed her posture and straightened up. She then shook her head aggressively to answer her trainer’s question.

“Heh, I figured the sugar had something to do with it. I’m sorta regretting getting you that second hot chocolate now.”

Braxien shared her trainer’s regret. If she hadn’t had that second hot chocolate, she wouldn’t be needing to go pee this badly. Her hubris and greed were her downfall, as now she stood in the bathroom line, waiting for her turn to get some privacy to pee.

As time passed, the line inched ever closer to Braixen’s goal, but her need grew rapidly due to all the liquids she had consumed. She graduated from spontaneous fidgeting to constant fidgeting and was forced to cross her legs or hold herself when the pressure built up. She stuck her head out of the side of the line and saw that there were about 5 more people left until she could get her turn to use the bathroom. She reassured herself that she was a big girl and could hold it, even though she didn’t want to. Another breeze went by, straining her bladder as she threw both paws in between her legs. She began bouncing and tightening the exit of her bladder. Once the desperation had subsided, she whined and continued fidgeting. A few moments later, her trainer spoke up.

“Oh shoot, Braixen, we’re gonna miss the competition!” Her trainer quickly turned to Braixen.

“Do you think you can hold it until the competition is over?”

Braxien tensed up and somehow found the willpower to not hold herself or fidget too much as her trainer looked at her, waiting for her answer. She felt her bladder—it was heavy. She knew that she needed to pee and that she wouldn’t be able to hold it in until the competition ended. Her body screamed at her to say no. But her mind made her hesitate. She thought back to the days she and her trainer used to be league competitors. She recalled how happy they were, and when signing up for the competition, he had worn that same smile he used to have. Braixen smiled and nodded with a quick “braixen” as a yes. Her trainer still looked a bit worried, not entirely convinced.

“Are you sure you can hold it? I don’t want you to have another accident.”

Braxien blushed and excessively nodded, trying to hide any signs of her desperation in an attempt to convince her trainer.

“Okay, if you think you can hold it, I’ll trust you. But we’ll have to hurry if we want to compete.”

Braxien gave her trainer one last reassuring nod and a quippy “braixen!” as they exited the line. Braixen looked back one last time as she knew that her one chance at relief had just been stolen from her by her love for her trainer, but it was the bed she had made, and now she must lie in it. They started heading toward the competition. Her trainer was matching her pace so as not to lose her. Braixen could only manage a speedy waddle so as not to upset her bladder more. Her trainer took notice and decided to say something.

“Are you sure you can hold it, Braixen? If we head home now, you could probably make it. And if you have to go super bad, I’m sure one of the people waiting in line wouldn’t mind giving up their spot in order to stop a cutie like you from having an accident.”

Braxien nodded her head more calmly this time, as to play down her desperation.

“Okay, Braixen. If you say you can hold it, then I guess I’ll just have to take your word for it.”

Braxien responded with an affirming “brai.”

After a minute or two, Braixen and her trainer finally made it to the tent with the science lady. Her trainer ran ahead toward the tent.

“Hey, did we miss it?”

“Nope, you barely made it. Head over there to the starting line.” She pointed toward an opening in the forest next to them.

“Oh, thank Arceus. I thought we’d be late. Thank you very much.” Braixen’s trainer headed in the direction that the lady pointed, and Braixen followed somewhat closely behind him. Once they had reached the starting line, there was a plethora of trainers and their Pokémon, and as soon as Braixen and her trainer arrived, a man in a lab coat got up on a pedestal and spoke out loud to the contestants.

“Hello, everybody! Thank you for signing up and coming to our first catching competition! Your patronage will go a long way toward bettering the lives of Pokémon!” The crowd cheered.

“Alright, now I know we’re all eager to start the competition, but there are some rules we need to go over first!” The man reached into his lab coat and brought out a somewhat crumpled piece of paper. He cleared his throat and began to read aloud.

“Rule number one—”

Braxien felt the recoil of having moved with an almost-full bladder as she instinctively shoved both paws in between her thighs and crossed her legs. The world faded away as her sole focus was on holding back her pee. Her bladder throbbed, and a few spurts leaked into Braixen’s paws. The weather immediately sapped the warmth from the droplets, and all that was left was a cold, wet, sticky sensation in her paw. She tightened her body as hard as she could. She couldn’t pee herself—not here, not now.

Two accidents in the same week was already bad enough, but now on top of that, she had lied about how desperate she was. If she peed herself, she knew that the consequences would be her trainer keeping tabs on when she was peeing. It sounded like a nightmare to her—to be treated like a child that can’t tell the truth about how badly they needed to go. Her mind swirled at the thought of being treated in such a manner as she still tightly closed her pee hole. After her bladder had stopped thrashing against her, she heard the stomping of feet and was brought back to reality. The competition had started, and all the trainers had started to run off.

“Come on, Braixen, let’s go catch some mons!”

Braxien saw that same joyful smile from her trainer again. Seeing what had made her lie in the first place refueled her resolve a little as she quickly waddled over to catch up with her trainer. Her trainer saw his possible first catch—a Caterpie on a tree branch. He haphazardly threw the Poké Ball and missed, which scared off the Pokémon.

“Darn it. I guess I’m still rusty. I’ll catch the next one for sure.” He ran off to find his next catch as Braixen followed behind, both paws still firmly placed between her legs. Every step sent a jolt through her bladder to release its contents, but as much as it hurt to continue—and when a few more spurts leaked out of her—she reminded herself of the reason she was torturing her body like this. It was all so her trainer could relive the fun times.

As much as it hurt to continue and know how desperate she was, she knew that her trainer would do the same for her. Another pang shot through her body as Braixen’s trainer continued to unsuccessfully catch Pokémon. He grew increasingly annoyed at every failed attempt. Braixen’s bladder thrashed. It hurt to keep moving forward and to not give up, but Braixen could still see her trainer and continued to hold it still, no matter the pain. Her trainer was still unable to catch a Pokémon until he spotted an Eevee in an opening in the bushes. Her trainer grinned as he gripped his Poké Ball tightly.

He had learned from all his mistakes and now was determined to catch this Eevee. He readied his arm, but before he could throw it, another Poké Ball came out of nowhere and caught the Eevee. A kid and his Pikachu ran by and picked up the caught Eevee and then scuttled off before Braixen’s trainer could even react. This was his breaking point. He threw the Poké Ball on the ground and started ranting.

“Dammit! Where’d that brat come from!? I was about to catch it, that little runt!” Her trainer was about to continue yelling, but he looked over at Braixen, who had both her paws jammed between her legs. She was slightly bouncing, and she had tears in the corners of her tightly closed eyes. The pain in Braixen’s bladder had turned to a throbbing numbness. She simply had not peed herself through sheer willpower alone. It hurt—it hurt so much to continue holding—but she continued anyway, but she was on her last legs. She was going to pee herself soon, as sheer willpower alone isn’t enough to stop one’s bodily functions.

“Braixen.”

Her trainer spoke out in a soft, tentative voice. Upon hearing her name, she slowly opened her eyes to look at her trainer, shaking.

“You should go pee.”

Those words were almost enough to break Braixen’s hold. When those words reached her ears, she naturally started slowly releasing herself. The small trickle of warm pee started to hit Braixen’s paws. She immediately ran into the tall grass behind her trainer to attempt to find somewhere private before her inevitable explosion.

The small trickle leaking out of Braixen turned into a small stream as she finally reached a small clearing. She squatted down as her body finally gave out and gave the order to release all her pee.

Once she had fully loosened the hold on her bladder, she only felt exhausted. The pee jetting out of her put a strain on her pee hole. She was gasping for air—it was like she had forgotten how to breathe for a moment and now had to quickly refill her lungs with oxygen. Her lungs were burning, and her legs cramped. Her pussy stung as it let out all of her built-up pee. Her entire body felt sore, and she could barely stop herself from falling backwards.

But as the pain died down and the jet of piss let up, she finally felt a small amount of relief that grew into a calm wave spreading throughout her whole body. It started at her loins and made its way up through her stomach, traveled up her throat, and then finally made its way out her mouth in the form of a loud moaning sigh. She’d never felt relief like this before. She tried to come up with words in her mind to describe it, but all she could think to say is that it felt good—like really good.

Better than any Poké Puff she’d tasted before. Better than a warm hug from her trainer or sitting by the fire drinking hot chocolate. This was new; it was almost addictive, but the best way she could put it was that it was the best good she ever felt in her entire life. But as Braixen was basking in the afterglow of her peeing, the tall grass in front of her started to rustle. And before she could even process the noise, a wild Steenee popped out from the grass. The Steenee was holding herself, and her eyes were tightly shut.

With her eyes still closed, she got into a squatting position, and out from between her legs a stream of yellow liquid shot out as the Steenee sighed in relief and her strained face loosened up. Braixen stared at the Steenee in utter disbelief. She had no idea how to react—what could she even do to react? Braixen stared between the Steenee’s legs. She could see everything—the Steenee’s pussy, the pussy lips, the soft flesh behind them, and the hole the pee was coming out of. After a few moments of the Steenee peeing, she slowly opened her eyes and finally noticed Braixen. 

Her eyes shot open, and they both stared at each other in silence for a few seconds. Then the Steenee let out a high-pitched squeal and fell backwards on her behind, putting her hands in between her legs as Braixen responded in kind. Both of their streams were sputtering—a natural reflex to stop peeing—but both of their muscles were too tired to competently cut off the stream. Braixen’s trainer came up behind her, alerted by both of their screams. Her trainer quickly saw his Braixen peeing and then saw the Steenee. He instinctively grabbed a Poké Ball from his belt and threw it at the Steenee. It hit the Steenee right in her face as the Steenee glowed into a red ball of energy that the open Poké Ball absorbed.

The ball immediately clicked, and Braixen’s trainer picked it up and sincerely apologized to Braixen. Once he had left, Braixen was left squatting there, stream still going. Her legs finally gave out, and she fell back, exhausted. Her brain felt like it was bouncing in her skull as she tried to process the very sudden events that had just transpired. Her pee stream eventually died down to just a few spurts and then to nothing but drops.

Braxien still lay there, staring up at the autumn leaves. She replayed the events over and over in her head—it was all she could think about. She would have lain there forever mulling over everything that had just happened, but a sudden air horn sounded and snapped her back to reality. She finally forced her tired body off the ground and headed back to her trainer.

Once reunited with her trainer, Braixen received a hug and an apology from him.

“I’m sorry, Braixen. I didn’t know how much you were hurting, and that is my fault as a poor trainer.”

Braxien just embraced the warmth of the hug. And they headed back to the starting line. They joined one of the three lines they had to count Poké Balls. Once getting to the front, a researcher smiled and asked how many Pokémon they caught. Braixen’s trainer embarrassingly pulled out just the one Poké Ball and set it on the table. The researcher looked at him, confused as to how he only caught one Pokémon, but nevertheless, she logged it and handed the Poké Ball back to Braixen’s trainer. The researcher then shooed them off and called out to the next person. Braixen and her trainer started heading toward the exit of the festival as the sun started to set. He was staring at the Poké Ball in his hand. He stopped walking, and Braixen followed suit. He smiled at the ball.

“Well, we should at least say hi to our new friend.”

Braxien blushed a little but wasn’t against the idea. He threw the Poké Ball up, and out popped Steenee from the ball. Steenee stared at Braixen and her trainer. None of them spoke until Steenee’s eyes suddenly widened, and she then ran off into the woods next to them. Braixen and her trainer stared at each other, both having no idea how to react. After a minute, Steenee came back out and sheepishly looked at Braixen and her trainer. Braixen’s trainer then chuckled and said,

“Don’t worry, Steenee. You’ll fit right in.”

The sentiment seemed to calm her down. As all three of them exited the festival with a new friend in tow.

