Back at the flat

Author: TheLoneRanger

*000*2025-12-11 20:03

Back at the flat (a contained chapter from a longer short story A Walk in the Park)

We get back to Emma’s flat, it really is starting to feel like our flat already.

&&

I transfer Emma’s soggy diaper from the crisp packet to the nappy bin in Miranda’s room and wash the pee drenched camping chair in the bathroom.

Emma has been putting the food away from the rucksack, we had eaten all the sandwiches, but there were still tons of crisp packets, and plenty of sweets and chocolate.

I pull the thermos out of the bag and there is enough inside for just one more cup of coffee. Emma leaves it for me, instead picking up the baby bottle that I had used for milk for Emma’s coffee on our picnic.

I pick up the box of chocolate Maltesers and again we are lying on the rug me drinking coffee, Emma sucking on her bottle, with the Maltesers between us and our foreheads almost touching.

&&

I can feel my own bladder sending me messages, Three cups of coffee, although small ones compared to the cafe the day before. and it’s been four hours since I last went.

As I start to get up Emma pulls me back down.

“Stay with me” she calls.

“I need a wee” I reply.

“But I want to play again, and I don’t think you really need to go. Your certainly not holding yourself, your not even bouncing up and down”.

“Ok; so what game do you want to play now?”

“I want to see how those new boxer briefs look on you”

“well only if you wear those new Bra and Panties we got Yesterday”.

Emma let’s me get up, she closes the lounge curtains and we head to the bedroom. I strip off my jeans and T shirt, remove my clean pull-up and put on the figure hugging white boxer briefs. Although not my usual style, I prefer them to normal boxer shorts as they do add a little support.

Emma is already wriggling out of her pull-up and pulling on the pink lace panties.

“I don’t know” she says “the things I do for you”

“What’s wrong” I ask.

“Well granted they look pretty and really cute with the lace flowers, but they are as scratchy as all hell. I suppose you want the full effect with the sheer black stockings?”

“Yes please” I say

“Well your going to have to help me with this, and no teeth” Emma waves the lacy matching underwired push up bra at me. I gently help her put it on and adjust the straps to fit before fastening the clasp at the back

“I understand why women burnt them in the 60’s now” Emma said, “but you did good, the straps feel right”

I’m stood in front of Emma wearing just my briefs and socks.

“I once heard on a TV program” Emma said “The female lead said “A man naked except for his socks is a totally ludicrous site” and you know what she was right! Loose the socks please”

I pulled the socks off and stood there in just the boxer shorts.

“Well I see the other part of the shows prophecy was also right, are my stockings doing it for you? Do you desire me greatly?” Emma looks down “Well someone desires me” she’s talking to my straining cock as she would a stray kitten.

We head back to the kitchen and I pour us both an ice cold coke.

Finally we are back on the rug

“Are you sure we are safe to play here” I ask

“Every room, and every surface is either washable or waterproof” Emma assures me.

Just the sight of Emma is keeping me erect and preventing me from peeing, but the pressure is mounting and I won’t be able to hold on much longer. Something somewhere is going to give.

“How do you want me Emma? It won’t be long now”.

“Stand up and tower over me facing me, I want you to piss all over this uncomfortable bra soaking my tits.

I get up and quickly grab a towel and place it over Emma’s lace panties, I don’t want them getting wet with my pee.

I try to relax enough to go, and it’s not easy I’ve been holding much longer than I should have.

Finally a trickle starts to flow, I can feel the warm wet pee pooling on the inside of the boxer briefs. The fabric finally starts to give, and the pee soaks through wetting Emma’s bra and soaking through it.

&&

It’s Emma’s turn to use her teeth and she grips the tip of my cock through the fabric. Greedily drinking a little of my amber liquid. She places the empty coke glass under me and I fill it through my briefs. With the coke glass full I’m now empty, Emma lays on her back and pours the contents of the glass, my hot pee all over her lace bra and tits. There is so much it dams up in the lace sticking to her breasts.

Emma gets up and I unclasp her bra, and gently help her remove it. The lace fabric did nothing to stop her getting wet and her tits are glistening in my pee, I bend over and suck her breasts playing with her nipple’s with my tongue.

Finally she says “It’s my turn to pee” I have her stand in front of me within only a few seconds Emma whispers.

“It’s coming out, I can’t stop it, it’s coming, It’s Coming”

Emma’s pee bursts through her lace panties in an instant. I watch it gush through the fabric, then close my eyes and lean forward, Emma’s pee soaks through my hair, I lift my head and drink straight from the source between her legs.

I lay Emma down gently on to the now soaking wet rug. We can’t keep our hands off each other, even though we still both have our own underwear on.

I quickly pull my soaking wet boxer briefs down, and Emma is frantically wriggling out of her lace panties. I help here out and put them on my head. The smell of them is intoxicating but Emma was right the fabric is very scratchy. Emma rolls me on my back and cuddles into me setting a deep and slow rhythm. She laughs and pulls her panties off my head. I playfully hold them with my teeth sucking the pee through the fabric before letting go. The elastic twangs with a wet slap and they hit the curtain before falling to the floor.

Finally we are both spent, I roll Emma onto her back and ask her where she wants me to cum, I playfully sing the old nursery rhyme aiming my dick in time to the words.

“Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes...” Emma screams out “Tits” grabs my cock and places it between her breasts I could hold on no longer and pump wave after wave of cum over her beautiful C cup breasts.

Emma leans forward and licks me clean, but now she needs her own relief.

I lie half on the rug half off with my feet against the window, and help Emma find the relief she needs with my tongue. And fingers.

I hear quietly Emma singing the same Nursery rhyme I had, a few minutes earlier but with a few new words.

“Head, Shoulder, Knees, and Toes, Knees and Toes, Eyes, and Ears, and Mouth, and Nose, get out the way, here it goes.” And with that Emma’s orgasm washes over her, I’m licking and rubbing her, trying to make it feel amazing for her, with a final dribble of pee. I know Emma is spent. I crawl back up the rug to find Emma playing with my cum that I shot over her breasts.

She has it over her thumb and index finger and idly stretching it out and squishing it. I lie on my back exhausted staring at the ceiling. As I start to soften, I release a last little squirt of pee, I tried to be discreet but I’m still too aroused and it ends up arcing up and covering my left leg and Emma’s right. Emma is surprised and says “Hey your peeing on me!” I turn on to my side and lean in I gently slap the soaking rug and whisper “I peed on you a lot” Emma turns towards me and giggles you did didn’t you. She’s still playing with my cum, and I gently lick the outline of her right breast. I can taste my now cold pee and my slightly greasy feeling cum. It’s not the first time I have tasted my own, as I would never ask anyone to do something I wouldn’t do myself.

Finally we both get up, we find the bra and panties along with my boxer briefs and the rug and bundle everything into the washer.

We take a long slow shower covering us both in strawberry scented shower gel. As I’m washing the suds off Emma, it’s her turn to release a jet of pee. I reply with what she said to me half an hour earlier “hey your peeing on me!” she placed her hands round my neck and repeated my own words back

“I peed on you a lot”.

(The TV show scene is from the TV Series Oliver's Travels)

