Misty's Bath

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-03-13 01:54

Another omo story with a washing scene at the end of it. I didn't draw the washing scene out for too long cause this is an omorashi site. I hope you enjoy.

Misty's Bath

Ash, Misty, and Brock were sleeping outside. They were only an hour away from the nearest city, but had been so tired after Team Rocket's latest attempt to steal Pikachu that they decided to crash in the forest at the side.

Brock was up first, cooking breakfast. The delicious smell woke Ash up too.

Misty stayed asleep for the moment. Ash pulled her blanket back and was about to wake her up, when he stopped. He could hear a soft hissing sound emanating from her that grew louder by the second. He looked down and could see a wet spot on her jean shorts, rapidly expanding, as the sheets under her grew wet. Misty moaned in her sleep as though she was experiencing the relief in her dream.

Ash started to laugh. His laughter woke Misty up. She started to sit up, and then realized she was still peeing, and felt how wet her shorts were. "Oh no, not again..."

"I told you not to drink that much soda before bed," said Brock.

"Looks like we're giving Misty a bath again!" said Ash.

Misty sat in her wet shorts as they ate their breakfast, and then they continued on their way to the city.

Soon they reached the Pokemon Center, which also had showers and baths.

"We'd like to use a bathtub," said Ash. "Misty had a little accident and we need to wash her."

Misty blushed, with both hands on her crotch in a failed attempt to hide how wet her shorts were.

"Of course you may," said Nurse Joy. "Bathtubs are through that door."

They walked into the bathtub room. Brock filled the tub with water. The first time this happened, Misty had stripped to her underwear, but her shorts still had the wet spot on them, and still smelled a bit after she had Staryu rinse her with Water Gun.

Once the tub was full of soapy water, Misty stepped into the bathtub and sat down. Brock, being experienced in brushing Pokemon's fur, lathered Misty's hair with shampoo while Ash scrubbed her back with soap. Misty enjoyed this a bit.

Then they both started scrubbing Misty's sides and armpits. By now she was covered in suds and feeling much cleaner.

When they were done, they got Misty to stick her behind in the air, and Ash scrubbed Misty's butt, finding this to be hilarious as usual. Once on a previous bath, Misty farted in Ash's face, but that only made him laugh harder, so she avoided it in the future. Although she did take pleasure in having her butt rubbed, especially after getting a Literal Ass Kicking or something similar. Which she got a lot.

After scrubbing her legs and feet,, they rinsed Misty off with another bucket of water, and then drained the tub. Misty was sparkly clean and soaking wet.

"I feel so lovely," said Misty, all shame of her accident forgotten.

Ash rolled his eyes, for he perceived Misty to be ugly.

As Misty stepped outside, a Beedrill flew by.

"Aah!" Misty screamed at the top of her lungs as she started to pee in her already-wet shorts.

*002*2018-03-13 04:09

Thanks. I was afraid that one was too short but obviously that's not an issue on this site.

