A most undignified release

Author: Themaster258

*000*2019-11-02 13:26

A most undignified release

A good night's sleep for a dragon was just shy of three thousand years. Agron awoke after a mere six-hundred.

Eyelids heavy with decades of dust and dirt he strained himself to open his eyes and survey his cave. Why did he wake? Was he in danger?

His muscles depetrified and ached as they sprung back to life. He turned his long stiff neck. Front, back, sides, nothing but the cave walls.

He had been dreaming so pleasantly too. A young water dragoness had invited him to follow to her lake and as they submerged themselves-

He let out a pained grunt as a sharp sting shot up from his abdomen. His bladder had loosened from its petrified state and its voluminous contents stretched against its thin walls. It moaned and stretched under the weight of the released lake until it settled down as a rock hard mass in his lower abdomen.

No wonder he had been dreaming of release in a summer lake.

Staying hydrated was important but a nuisance for a good sleep. Now that his body depetrified it would fill a lot faster too. His gaze went to the barricaded entrance and he sighed. It had taken days to fortify the entrance with rocks and it would take hours to deconstruct. The idea to step into a corner and lift one of his mighty hind legs was tempting and his bladder the temptress. So convenient too, no one would ever know. He shook off the traitorous thoughts. He was a noble and proud dragon, not a wild animal. Never would a dragon relieve himself where he slept or where one might see.

A twinge in his bladder urged him to hurry and open up the entrance lest the rock in the corner became too tempting. In the valley below the mountain flowed a great river of crisp fresh water. One he had used extensively during his last awakening. Stepping into the cold river, letting it wash away eons of dust and dirt whilst answering the call of nature in a most dignified manner beneath the surface. The memories alone sent a most pleasant shiver down his spine but a sharp sting to his bladder.

Stone after stone, rock after rock the barricade shrunk until the first ray of sun pierced the dusty darkness.

Another sun, small and cold, peeked through the rock. “Holy shit!” a human called out. Humans? Here? Why? They knew this was his territory, no one had dared to enter for hundreds of years. They’d answer for this discourtesy. No one barged into his chamber without invitation. But preferably after he took a most desired and earned piss. The agitated sounds outside had him doubt that he could.

He folded up his deep red wings and straightened himself. His bladder protested and had him dancing with his hindlegs, it had no intention to play the noble. All it yearned for was sweet relief.

One last shove against the wall and the barricade collapsed.

A barrage of flashing lights assaulted him before the dust had settled.

“WHAT is the meaning of this?” he bellowed and the humans stepped back, clutching their lights.

“It’s a real dragon. I thought they were all dead. Where have you been for all these years?”

The mass of humans closed in, showing no fear at all. Where was the respect? Where was the awe?

“I took a nap. That does not mean you can encroach on my territory,” Agron said and stepped outwards. He breathed in the musty and heavy forest air. It smelled like rain, the thought of it did not help his aching bladder. Basking in the first sunlight since half a century his eyes darted through the thin remaining forest and down towards the stream and found it gone. A gigantic human settlement of stone and black roads had appeared in his sleep. One of these black stone roads led up to his cave.

A sharp jolt went through his bladder and he squeezed his legs shut. They had taken his place of dignified relief. He would not be found relieving himself out in the open. Dragons had a reputation. If memory served right there was another stream a few minutes of flight to the east.

He spun around. “What did you do to my territory? Where is the forest, where is the river? What did you do?” Agron said and flared his wings in intimidation, which only had the humans flash the blinking suns at him.

“This city has been here forever,” a young woman said. “This is a movie promotion, isn’t it? That’s why he came out of the old painting right?” Another said.

Agron turned to stare at the outside of his cave. The entrance had been painted with quite obvious warning symbols in the old language. The humans did know he rested here. But this new generation had all but forgotten. Humans lived much faster than dragons did, no wonder they forgot over the last generations.

He strained his muscles to keep the lake inside of him contained and his legs from shaking. He shouldn’t bother with these humans, he had to find a secluded place to answer natures call, fast.

He could teach these whelps once he got back. Spreading his wings he prepared to take off.

“Wait, we have so many questions,” one of the humans yelled and he stopped mid-stretch. He might’ve needs but he was a noble dragon. Honor would not allow him to leave a group of humans meaning no harm and with questions no less, it would be impolite and would reflect badly on dragons as a whole.

Agron turned back around and sat down. A minuscule shiver went through his back as the cold wet ground sent wrong signals to his full bladder. Dragons don’t piss where one might see, he repeated to himself like a mantra.

He answered pointless question after pointless question, wishing they’d recognize his despair and grant him a reason to leave. He forced himself to sit straight and strain his rock hard bladder. Dragons didn’t slouch, dragons didn’t know pain, dragons didn’t rock back and forth in an attempt to hold their bladder. His desperation was starting to be quite painful.

The first raindrop hit his snout like a tiny electrical shock straight to his bulging bladder. Focusing all of his attention he kept the damn as raindrop after raindrop threatened to take his control with him. Maybe the humans would disperse now. Humans hated the rain.

These humans didn’t. They donned clothing he had never seen before, clothing that directed the rain away like a scale mantle. Their stream of questions didn’t die down even as the rain turned into a full-fledged storm.

Tiny rivers of rainwater coursed past and below him, tempting his crumbling floodgates to join. Rain pelted his scales and wind played with his folded wings. Flying would be impossible now. He was forced to wait it out and walk afterwards.

A few humans had left once the storm had started, but the rest kept talking and bickering.

“Did you draw those ancient symbols?”

Agron broke into laughter. A mistake. A single twitch in his tired muscles let the first spurt of hot piss escape his member and drip out of his slit. Unnoticeable to anyone but himself in the rain but it sent the heat of embarrassment to his scales. This can’t be happening.

He had to leave, he had to relieve himself before he had a real accident. Honor would have him stay, but losing control like a hatchling would take his honor with it.

“Excuse me, but I have to check the rest of my territory too,” he said between his sharp clenched teeth and stood up. A second tiny spurt drummed against his insides and joined the raindrops. No.

He wouldn’t make it a few miles, he would barely make it one with his bladder this full. He needed something, anything, dignity be dammed.

Through the curtain-like rain he spotted a giant puddle down the slope with as much relief as one would spot an oasis in a desert. That was it.

He nodded a goodbye to the humans and forced himself to a stride down the slope. His bladder sent another spurt cascading down between his legs. Give me a second.

He let himself slip on the mud, aiming for the puddle below. This was humiliating, but less so then relieving himself by accident in front of the group.

A loud crack echoed through the forest and he caught himself before he slipped. The harsh step sending more hot urine dripping from his slit with no end in sight.

He turned his head. The rain and demolition of his barricade had loosened the rocks above. Silent terror took hold of him and the humans as a rock the size of a carriage came cascading downwards. The humans screamed, pointed and scattered aimlessly.

He was a noble dragon and unnecessary blood was not something he tolerated in his territory, even for humans.

Agron jumped forwards, the landing impact sending jets of urine into the mud. Claws pressed deep into the muddy ground he awaited the rolling boulder. It crashed into his waiting shoulder. His claws raked through the ground as the boulder slowed down. Muscles strained to their limit and pushing with all his might they came to a stop inches before the group.

Stunned silence spread through the crowd. He knew it wasn’t because of the boulder. He awaited the realization, he knew his floodgates broke when the boulder hit him. The thundering rumble below him was proof enough.

The wave of relief hit him like a second boulder. He rested his head flat against the rock and leaned into it to stop himself from falling over in pure bliss. Gallon after gallon of steaming piss poured through his now unsheathed member. The sheer pressure carved a hole in the ground and sprayed his belly with mud.

It didn’t matter that they saw him like this. The sense of relief overpowered every other sensation like a lead blanket. He let out a drawn-out moan of pure pleasure as he gave in and surrendered all control over his body. He did not remember a piss this pleasant in over ten thousand years. It did not stop pouring out of him with full force for several blissful minutes. The stretched walls of his bladder returned to rest and the void like sensation of emptiness in his abdomen spread through his body like the afterglow of an orgasm.

A bubbling, smoking stream formed beneath him that made its way down the paved human road until it joined the various streams of rain. “That's definitely a world record,” one of the humans giggled.

After a small eternity, his stream tapered off until it ended. Seconds of silence passed and the sense of orgasmic relief faded, replaced by embarrassment.

Not only had he lost control like a hatchling, but it was the most pleasurable thing since the twin sisters. The hot grasp of desire had taken hold of his lower body, aching and burning for another form of release.

All bore witness to his rising and throbbing dragon hood. He laid down, hiding it in the furrow produced by his own stream lest he lost control over himself a second time.

Earlier adventures had his dragonhood sensitive and the mud was hot and slick and it’s touch like that of a rough tongue. In terror he felt himself hardening and pleasure growing faster than ever before. The warm mud enveloped him like the soft mouth of an eager lover. He had barely pressed himself completely to the ground before his hips bucked forward ever so slightly and, unbeknownst to his human onlookers, his member shot string after string of hot lust deep into the mud and coated his underbelly with the backsplash. His mind befuddled with pleasure he wanted to roar, to spread his wings and beat in tact to the ebb and flow of his throbbing lust until the last drop joined the mud. Instead he turned to the humans with a strained and stone cold face. He wasn’t a prime example of dignity, lying in his own mess desperately trying to hide the second one happening at the very moment but it was oh so exhilarating to do so in front of them.

The scene of him so boldly answering nature's call in the open had left them stunned. Until the questions continued.

“You saved us,” one of them said. “You look a bit unwell. Do we call a doctor? Or a vet?”

“Does this count as public exposure?”

Raindrops dripped from Agron’s snout as he kept his smile. As always his mind had cleared after the deed. The mud below grew colder every second but standing up would expose the second act. He’d be sitting on his mess until they left.

*003*2019-11-05 19:18

He didn't really want to but it was too much lol.

