A match made in pee heaven ch.1

Author: turntable01

*000*2025-04-21 10:06

Long time lurker. This is my first post here. It's a fictional story. I hope you enjoy. Feel free to comment.

Elise was a single woman in her late 20s. She was stunning beautiful woman. She stood at about six feet tall voluptuous full body figure that she was proud of. Her shining brown hair took the eyes of any man that she came encounter with. Her sweet smelling perfume was breathtaking to all. Elise was the business type of woman. She was highly successful at her career. She had won several awards during her career in the IT department at work. She enjoyed herself being single in her late twenties. 

She had a decent apartment and a luxurious car that always caught the eyes of many. She wasn’t chasing after men like most women her age were doing. In fact, on a typical Friday night, she would much rather sit back and relax with some movies and some drinks and perhaps maybe order a pizza by herself. Many people her age were hitting up all the bars and clubs, but not her. It just wasn’t always her scene. She wasn’t really looking for love either. Little did she know what was to happen to her in the near future.

Along with these favorite Friday past times, there was always one aspect she kept a secret from everyone. That secret was that she loved to hold her pee. She would love to watch others and read about others that were into the same thing that she was on the internet. She would spend her Friday nights making herself as desperate as she possibly could several times throughout the night when she wasn’t out with her friends. She would only indulge in this fetish when she was alone by herself. Elise was also kind of a self-indulging nudist as well. She hated wearing clothing when she was by herself at night time. She slept naked nearly every night. When she would engage in her Friday night activities she would do so completely in her birthday suit.

After the pizza delivery guy left, is when she would totally strip down until she was absolutely naked. She would then load her favorite movies online and begin to watch them. She would be feeling highly aroused and turned on for some reason at night so she often like to entertain her body while she ate, drank and watched movies. She really looked forward to the nights and somewhat dreaded the sun peeking through her window. Therefore, she invested in some long black curtains to keep the sun out. Now she wouldn’t know exactly when daylight was except for when she looked at the clock.

During the week, Elise would be the best type of career woman any company could ever ask for. She really shined at her job. Along came Friday. She would be real exited in her mind. She was now at work and she looked up at the clock and noticed it was 5pm and it was time to go home for the weekend. She packed up her things and headed to the store to buy her favorite drinks. Once she was home she spent the evening making her house look clean for the weekend. Once she was done with that, she thought it would be time to order the pizza before the pizza restaurant closed for the night. So, she dressed in her sexiest nightwear she had.

She just wanted to tease the pizza delivery driver on arrival. The delivery driver arrived with the pizza and found Elise’s night outfit very attractive and arousing. Once she saw the driver leave her driveway, she turned out all her lights in her place. She closed all blinds and all of her curtains. The time was now 10pm. She knew she wouldn’t hear her doorbell ring for the remainder of the night. She then took her food upstairs to her bedroom and turned on the TV. She proceeded to strip down all natural as she loved to be when she was alone at home this late at night. She picked out a movie to watch. She picked something she never saw before. She then sat down on her bed with her pizza and favorite Friday night drink which is iced tea. Elise just ate two slices of pizza as she didn’t want to fill herself up with too much with pizza.

And now, she was on to her two-liter bottle of iced tea. Here is the one thing you should know about Elise. The rule that she has set for herself is that she doesn’t allow herself to use her restroom while the movie is going. She loves to challenge her bladder and become very desperate by the end of the movie. Elise is only allowed to use her restroom only once the ending credits are rolling. She has now finished two very decent sized glasses of iced tea. She is now relaxed leaning her back on her headboard in her birthday suit enjoying her movie. By the way, the movie Elise picked was a full two hours long. No bathroom for two hours. She was completely fine the first 30 minutes in to the movie. This is when the sexy tingle begins.

Elise was only slightly aroused when she felt that first tingle. Her pussy was getting wet at the thought of the soon all out desperation that was soon to come. She then downs a glass of water. That’s three drinks flowing inside her very voluptuous body. She was just sitting there enjoying her movie now. Another 20 minutes rolls by. Her bladder is just a dull ache constantly. She is now sitting against the headrest with her legs closed tight. She is now felling so horny after 10 more minutes. She is now going to sit with her legs open to give her bladder a challenge and a great tease. She is even more aroused. She takes her finger and massages her clitoris to feel the conflict within her body. This is really turning her on. But she doesn’t feel desperate… yet.

She is now in the climax of the movie. She’s about halfway finished. For the moment, her tingling bladder is pushed into the subconscious of her mind. Her full attention was on the movie for 35 minutes. Her bladder was filling with all those drinks. The climax of her movie is slowly starting to wind down. Elise now realizes that her bladder is absolutely filled and she has to go so, so, sooo bad now. She is now sitting on her bed with her legs tightly crossed and both of her hands rubbing the soft skin on her sexy thighs. She was fully into the movie and her full bladder at the same time. She is silently willing the movie to end. She doesn’t have much longer to go until the end of her movie.

She finally reaches the end of her movie. The credits start to roll by. She stops the movie. Now, she is fully focused on her full bladder. She is now messaging it. She is very very aroused by it. At the same time, her body is DEMANDING relief IMMEDIATELY. She is now rubbing her clit gently to feel the arousal a little more. Afterwards, she now gets up to go to the bathroom to relieve herself. As soon as she stands up the weight of all her pee presses down on her vagina and almost escapes her pee hole. Elise immediately puts her hand on her horny but quivering vagina and crosses her legs. She steadies herself against the wall next to her bed trying to gain enough control to be able to walk to her bathroom without losing control all over her bedroom floor. 

Elise begins to breathe heavily trying to gain control. All of that pee is pounding against her trying pee hole to get out. Her sphincter is shaking with all the effort she is putting into holding back the major tsunami she knows is waiting inside of her. How much longer could she wait? She really didn’t know. She just knew that she desperately wanted to make it to the toilet. It was just part of her fun. She had to make it to the toilet. She felt her wave of desperation slowly subside and began to take just two steps toward the bathroom when she felt another wave of desperation hit her. She immediately stood back against the wall like before. “This can’t be happening” She thought.

Once again, she regained her control enough to walk again. She then notices a chair that sat halfway between where she stood and the bathroom. “If only I can make it to that chair.” She thought. Once she was able to walk, she was able to walk very slowly and carefully to the chair. She made it just in time. Her pee hole was beginning to shake very violently and her pee almost exploded from her very horny and wet pussy. She sat in the chair and continued to breathe heavily with her legs crossed and her fingers covering her pee hole. Her fingers also worked her clit. She knew also that sexual arousal made it much easier to hold her pee most of the time as long as she didn’t cum. This time, her pee was difficult to hold no matter what. 

Her hot moist horny pussy was extremely turned on, but it was extremely desperate. It was quivering with all the holding effort. Her inner and outer sphincters were growing tired. Her body couldn’t take much more of this. “It’s now time to get to the toilet” She thought. She regained enough control to get up and do a very sexy pee dance and then put her hand back on her vagina and start walking. As she was walking, she had to walk with her thighs crossed to prevent an accident. Before she could reach the bathroom entrance, she felt another spasm that left her know choice but to immediately lie down on the floor and squirm for all she was worth. While this insanely intense wave of need hit her she was thinking that she will not make the toilet. 

“I always make it to the toilet. This is not a time to start peeing on my bedroom floor. IT WILL NOT HAPPEN AT ALL. NOT NOW, NOT EVER!!!!” This is what she thought to herself. She continued to rub her aching clit frantically and her pee hole until the intense wave of desperate need settled itself. She then stood up to continue to her bathroom where sweet relief waited. Meanwhile she was becoming more and more turned on and horny by this experience as she was every time she did this. She managed to be able to stand up still feeling her throbbing pee hole with pee still waiting to get out, she crosses her legs and continues to slowly hobble towards the toilet. She has to be very careful with every step she takes as to not to start leaking pee everywhere. She knew that once she starts, she will not be able to stop until her bladder was completely empty.

She is now sitting on her toilet. As part of her tradition, she continues to arouse herself by continuing to hold anyway she can while sitting on the toilet. Elise knew she didn’t have much strength left. Her muscles are now very tired. She is still holding though. She now is rubbing her clit and bouncing very rhythmically on the toilet seat holding her breath and giving all her remaining strength to hold on until she can cum. She was so horny she was beyond control in her mind. Her vagina was leaking a lot of her love juices on her lips and she was using them to rub her clit and finger the inside of her pussy keeping her throbbing pee hole working until she had the intense orgasm she had looked forward to all evening long. 

Then, she feels it coming. Her whole body is being wracked with electric pulses that are getting more and more intense. At the same time, her bladder that has now exceeded its maximum limit pulsates. She is now cuming very violently. She is breathing and moaning very heavily for almost a whole minute. She is now slowly coming down from her moment, yet she still rubbing her clit and pee hole. She knows by the extreme pulsing in her hole that she is will be forced to pee within the next few seconds whether she wants to or not. With this, she now has her legs spread wide.

She gives her clit and pee hoe one last rub, and then her bladder releases. It starts as a slow dribble, but then goes into a very heavy stream that continues to hit the water below very loudly for almost the next 1-2 minutes. After she is done, she rubs her clit to another orgasm. She sees on her clock that she has time for one more such adventure before sunrise. She thought to herself that it would be nice if she had someone to enjoy her weekly traditions with.

If she only knew what the future held for her… very soon… To be continued…

