Turbulence on the Great Fox (Krystal)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-11-18 00:47

Turbulence on the Great Fox

Krystal fidgeted in her Arwing cockpit as she and the rest of the Star Fox team made their way back to the Great Fox after a mission. The mission had been a success, but Krystal was very uncomfortable. She had to go to the bathroom, and had been holding it for a good chunk of the mission. It was unfortunate that the planet they were on didn't have any water, or else she could find an excuse to get wet and then pee in the water. Especially if it was Zoness where it was always raining, she was always soaking wet on missions there so on the rare occasion she'd pee herself there, no one could tell. But here she had to hold it until the mission was done. She had hidden her desperation from the rest of the team, and performed as well as she could. But now she was desperate to get to the Great Fox. She hoped she would not flood the seat of her Arwing.

Star Fox reached the Great Fox. As soon as the docking bay was closed, the Great Fox began flying again. Krystal hopped out of her Arwing and ran towards the bathroom as fast as possible. As she ran, she could feel the pee sloshing inside her. She felt she could burst at any moment.

She ran into the bathroom and over to the nearest stall. She could already feel a sense of relief. All she had to do was get her flight suit off and she'd make it.

However, just as she was running into the stall, the Great Fox hit some turbulence. It shook, and Krystal fell forward. She landed with her head in the toilet and her rear end in the air. The sudden shaking, the fall, and the wetness on her head was too much for her, and she peed her flight suit. The warm wetness soaked her crotch and butt, flowed down her legs, and made a big puddle in front of the toilet. She didn't even try to hold back, she knew her dignity for today was lost. She peed for over a minute.

Fox walked into the bathroom, and blushed beet red at the sight before him. Krystal, with her head in the toilet and her behind in the air, and her flight suit clearly peed in. Tentatively, he said "Are you all right Krystal?"

Krystal immediately pulled her head out of the toilet and looked over her shoulder. She blushed beet red at Fox seeing her like this. But she tried to be as dignified as possible. "Yes, I'm fine, I'm just a little soggy."

"You must have been holding it all mission," said Fox. "That had to have been really tough."

"I would have made it if we hadn't run into turbulence. I'm so ashamed."

"It's all right, Krystal. Let's get you cleaned up." Fox helped Krystal to her feet, and called ROB. "ROB, go clean up the bathroom. There is a puddle in front of one of the toilets."

Krystal was still blushing as Fox led her to her room, her hair was soaked with toilet water, as was part of the top of her flight suit, and the crotch, butt, and legs of her flight suit were soaked with pee, but she felt better with Fox being so understanding, and just being near him, despite the state she was in.

Though it was embarrassing at the time, she came to find it funny to think back to, and sometimes to tell on missions to lighten the mood.

