Trick or Treat: An Omo Story: Chapter 1

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-10-20 16:42

T'was the 31st of October and all through the house, not a creature was stirring....Okay. That last bit was a complete lie. The house wasn't even a house it was an apartment. I was stood at the mirror preparing my Halloween costume. It was kind of a last second thing. I was going as a nurse...well a “Sexy nurse” according to the package. Whatever. I wanted to go as something gory like a zombie but my room mate is a little shit and threw my stuff away so I was forced to get this piece of crap. She, on the other hand, was wearing an elaborate zombie costume cough cough stole my idea.

“Okay. I'm ready” She yelled out the door. I was sat on the couch with a bottle of water. Not my usual choice of beverage but it'll do. I'll be drinking a lot of alcohol later on. I stand up and walk to the door as she comes out of her room. “You look good she says.”

“Thanks. I'm sure you'll be getting laid looking like that” I reply. I like Laurie but she can be such an idiot. We start walking towards the party, taking place at some frat house on campus. Right now, Laurie has an eye hanging out and has blood dripping out her mouth. It looks horrible and is badly done. Should of called over that one guy from the media department and have him do it. He was apparently going around doing peoples costumes for them. I regret not asking him.

“Do we have to go through the woods?” Laurie whines. I can tell she's scared.

“It's the only way to get to the party. God knows why they decided to have a stupid ass party at this house.” I say “it's cold, wet and-” I suddenly hears bushes shaking behind us and I take a look behind. In the centre of the road is a huge guy, and I mean huge. About 7 foot. He had to be wearing stilts or something. He was wearing a large black cloak, torn at edges and flowing in the cold wind. He looked to be extremely thing, almost skin and bones. I could feel him staring at us, his eyes boring into us. All my hairs stood on end and I practically dragged Laurie to the party. I don't know what that guys game was but he scared me so badly.

We arrived at the party and I could already see people passed out on the couch and so on. Judging by the banging upstairs, some lucky guys or girls were getting laid. Good for them. Me and Laurie made out way over to the keg.

“What's this?” A deep male voice from behind us sounds out. “A...poorly done zombie and a slutty nurse, how original.”

I turn around and see Tyler, the local douche bag.

“Look what the transvestite dragged in” He was dressed as Freddy Krueger and I gotta say, he looked fantastic. It looked just like the movies, he must of gotten the media guy to do his costume. “I'm surprised they let you in”

“I am too. After what I fuckin' pulled last time I thought so too. Hah.” He grins and downs his drink. “You ladies want one?”

“Yes! Defiantly” Laurie says. Eager to start drinking. I, on the other hand, don't trust Tyler. Something is off about him. I take the drink anyway, swear at him a little then leave Laurie to have fun with the prick. I quickly down my drink and grab another. I should of got a better costume, this one sucks. I can feel every guy sitting down, trying and succeeding to look up my short skirt and see my pink underwear. It annoys me a little until I'm suddenly hit with a massive urge to pee.

“That...came out of no where” I say to no one in particular. I suddenly sit down and have to jam my hands to my crotch. “Jesus fucking Christ” I can feel the urine pushing against the front of my bladder, just dying to get out. Tyler suddenly moves next to me.

“See, this is why you should be fucking nicer to people. Then they won't through diuretics in your drink.” He says, smiling smugly. “In case you don't know they make you need to go pee really badly, it's quite a cunt to deal with.”

I want to slap him so badly, but if my hands leave my crotch, I'm gonna piss myself.

“Anyway! I have to go see my other little pet project, have fun embarrassing yourself, ya mean bitch.” He stands and walks away, following some girl dressed as Red Riding Hood out the door and outside. He smiles, flips me off and steps backwards out the door, slamming it behind him. I'm left on the couch, with my fingers stuffed up against my vagina lips.

“You okay?” Laurie walks over to me, holding a large bottle of vodka.

“That blonde prick put something in my drink” I quickly said, I could feel my panties getting wet, I was dripping, my underwear getting saturated. “You gotta help me get to the toilet.”

“I would, but...I think...Ima go back home...I'm kind of” She stops for a second and laughs before walking away. Fucking light weight. She steps out the door, tripping before quickly steadying herself. Kinda wish she'd tripped. I'm gonna have to risk it. I stand and begin walking towards the stairs. The pressure on my bladder forces me to keep my hands pressed against my crotch. I'm bent over and pushing down as a small trickle makes it's way down my left leg. Suddenly a guy runs up and squeezes my breasts.

“Surprise grope! WoopwoopwoopwoopwoopWOOOOOOOP” he yells and runs off upstairs. The surprise causes me to lose it for a full 10 seconds, urine dripping down onto the floor and pooling around my legs. I make it to the bottom of the stairs before I have to make the difficult move of raising a leg up. As I do my shoe drops off and I feel a huge stream start going down my leg. Oh my god. I'm actually losing it. I put my foot down on the stair and it burns so badly. I fall backwards and land. Some ass hole (Probably Tyler) left a partly smoked cigarette on the stairs. This is too much and I feel the urine pool around my ass and streak off towards the stairs. Everyone is staring at me. I feel hot tears stream down my face as I run upstairs. I have never been so embarrassed. I'm gonna get Tyler for this and Laurie too. I'm gonna kill her for this.

___

I kinda feel bad when I walk out and leave Tara stuck on the couch. Maybe if I catch up to Tyler, I can try get him to get him to help out. Maybe there's a way to reverse the effects or just help get her to the bathroom. I walk out to the woods and begin to look around for the blonde bastard. Probably out smoking somewhere. I begin to walk down the path to our house, the only path I know well enough.

I suddenly hear a jarring sound in the bushes and I look to them. They move a little more and I move towards them. I look behind them when he suddenly grabs me by the back of the neck, forcing me into a tree. I feel his hands, if that's what they are. They're so cold and as thin as bone. He slams me against the tree, sending me into a dizzy spell. He flips me around and I see his face...Oh my god...this thing isn't human...what is he? I feel my legs get warm as urine pours out of my purple underwear and falls into the snow below. In his other arm I see a huge black pole with a single curved blade on the top...it's a scythe. When I see this, I feel the back of my pants begin to expand and I let lose a warm piece of shit. If I didn't know I was about to die, I'd be embarrassed. I just pissed and shit myself like a little girl. The urine feels warm and is almost nice compared to the cold air. The last thing I see is him swinging his scythe back and-

To be continued

I felt the need to do something on this site for Halloween.

Fun fact: Two differnt versions of myself are mentioned in this. Obviously Tyler is partly based on me but who is the other?

Please comment, it makes me want to write another part quicker.

*003*2013-10-20 21:58

{{: 

Very good. I'm guessing the other part you based on yourself is the design student helping with the costumes

}}

Good guess. You are correct.

