(7) Slytherin Bedroom

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-23 09:12

Draco hadn't been to class for the rest of the day. He felt worse than ever and he wished all of this had never happened. If he only used the bathroom before going to class...

It was too late now anyway. And Snape had even come to his room to ask if he was alright.

'I'm feeling sick.' Draco had told him.

It wasn't true though he was just feeling bad and humiliated but he wasn't going to tell Snape about this.

Draco had took a hot shower, trying to relax a little which surprisingly helped. That night he went to bed early but he just couldn't sleep. He kept thinking about his father. He was going to be so mad...

Thinking about this made Draco feel bad again and he just stayed in bed, curled up in a ball trying to comfort himself.

His father wasn't the only thing he was feeling bad about though. He also was thinking about Harry. It wasn't very nice what he said this morning. Maybe Harry was mad now? It weren't his intentions to hurt him. He was just feeling horrible and his feelings kinda took over causing him to act like this.

He wished he could talk to Harry... But he wasn't leaving his room. Even if he would: the Weasel was still in Harry's room and he was the last one he wanted to see right now.

Time passed slowly and he still couldn't fall asleep. Everyone in his bedroom was already sleeping and he was just laying there. Thinking.

He didn't know for how long, but suddenly he felt some pressure in his bladder, telling him he needed to pee soon. Draco ignored it.

He didn't want to get up now. By the way: he could hold it. He had to. This would be his punishment for wetting himself.

Time passed and Draco almost fell asleep when suddenly he heard the door open. He got scared at first but when he got out his wand and lit it he saw who was there.

'Harry?' He whispered, surprised.

Harry stood there in his striped pyjamas and smiled.

Draco looked at him.

'What are you doing here? You're not supposed to be here. If Filch sees you...'

Harry knew this. But he didn't care. He wanted to see Draco. He missed him...

'It doesn't matter.' Harry answered, closing the door behind him.

'I just wanted to check on you. I haven't seen you the whole day.'

Draco put his wand aside and told Harry to sit on his bed.

'I wasn't feeling good...' He said then.

Harry looked at him. He knew why but he wasn't going to start talking about it again.

'I hope you're feeling a little better now...'

Draco sat straight. 'I'm fine...'

Harry was just looking at him. He felt the need to sit next to him but he didn't dare to do it since he didn't know how Draco would react.

'Maybe I need to go now...' Harry said then, totally against his will. 'You're right about Filch. I'll get a huge punishment if he finds out about this.'

Harry got up. 'By the way. You need some sleep, it'll make you feel better.'

Was he leaving already? He liked some company now...

'I can't sleep anyway.' Draco answered. 'You can stay if you want to.'

Harry was surprised and turned back around looking at Draco.

'Sure.' Harry smiled as he sat down on the side of his bed again.

Draco's bladder reminded him that he really needed to go now, but he kept ignoring the signals. This wasn't a good moment. And he didn't want to ruin it again.

He looked at Harry.

'Aren't you cold? Come under the blanket if you want...'

Draco pointed to the side on his bed next to him.

Harry didn't say anything. He just smiled and got up, getting under the blanket now sitting next to Draco. It was pretty awkward but nice at the same time. Draco would really have enjoyed this moment if he didn't have to pee. Maybe he would be more comfortable laying down?

'I'm gonna lay down, if you don't mind.'

'Of course not.'

Harry soon did the same. Now they were laying next each other, in Draco's bed- in the Slytherin bedroom and Harry wasn't supposed to be there...

It was silent for a while. Draco started getting tired but his bladder kept him awake. He really needed to go now. But he didn't want to spoil by getting out of bed.

He got a little closer to Harry and put his head on his shoulder.

'Harry?'

'Yes?'

'I eh...I'm sorry...'

Harry looked at him. This was the first time he heard Draco excuse himself. It was pretty confusing.

'Huh?'

'About this morning...' Malfoy answered. 'I didn't mean to...you know...I just wasn't thinking clear...'

Harry looked at him and smiled. 'It's alright. You couldn't help it.'

Yes, he could. But Draco didn't say anything about it. He started moving his legs, trying to relieve some of the pressure in his bladder.

Luckily Harry didn't notice.

'You know...I've been thinking about something...' Harry whispered suddenly.

'About what?'

Draco saw a smile on Harry's face and this caused him to smile a little himself.

'About us...'

'What do you mean?'

Harry came even more close to him.

'Just...we're pretty close now and I thought...'

'You thought what?' Draco interrupted him. Harry didn't know if this was the kind of annoying Draco or if he was just trying to tease him.

'Nothing...I just...nothing...'

Draco touched Harry's cheek.

'No, tell me.'

Harry took a deep breath. He was nervous.

'Neville asked me if we were a couple...' He said then.

It was silent.

'Ohh...'

Harry couldn't make up what Draco meant by that.

'Do you think...do you think we are?' He asked then. Scared for the answer.

Draco looked at him.

'If you want to...' He grinned.

So he meant it? Harry wasn't expecting this.

'Of course I want to...but I mean...'

Draco told him to be quiet and came closer to him. Touching Harry's chest and grinning.

So he was teasing him.

Harry smiled shyly. He started touching Draco as well and it didn't take long before Harry was laying on top of the blonde boy.

It was exiting. Definitely cause they could get caught.

Draco enjoyed it. The only problem was his bladder. He really needed to pee now and Harry laying on top of him was only making it worse. Just ignore it, Draco don't ruin it this time.

He tried to relax but it wasn't really working. Harry started kissing him and he let it happen.

'I love you, Draco...'

Harry stopped kissing and looked at him.

'I love you too, Potter...'

They both smiled. Harry started kissing him again and touching him. Draco's need to pee was getting worse every minute and he knew this was going to be a problem...

He really needed to go...

But Harry wasn't planning on stopping now...

Draco tried to enjoy it but his bladder kept annoying him. He felt a wave of desperation hitting him and he knew he had to go- like right now.

His bladder couldn't take this, it was still weak from what happened this morning.

'Ohhh Draco...' Harry moaned.

Oh no... Draco felt so embarrassed. He was going to ruin this!

'Harry...' He whispered but Potter ignored him.

'Harry...I...' Draco tried again.

Oh god he needed to get off him. This was making the pressure on his bladder way worse...

Harry finally stopped kissing him and looked at him.

'Harry...I need to...'

Draco didn't want to look at him.

Harry did.

'What's wrong baby?'

'I need to pee...' Draco whispered. 'Badly...'

Harry smiled. 'Just hold it baby, it's so fun now...'

He knew this would happen.

Draco forced a smile but Harry laying on top of him caused his bladder to feel like it was about to explode.

'Harry I'm serious...' Draco said with a desperate look on his face. 'I need to go...'

'Come on, Draco...' Harry moaned.

'Harry...I can't hold it!' Draco answered desperate.

Just get off me! Harry wasn't listening and kept kissing and touching him. Draco just couldn't take it anymore. He had to go so badly and it started to hurt him...

Harry was now touching his lower stomach and this caused Draco to almost lose it.

'Harry stop...please...'

Potter kept ignoring him and now kissed him again. His full weight was now laying on top of Draco and he just couldn't hold it any longer. He started peeing...

No please Draco not now...

The warm pee started gushing out now and Draco couldn't stop it. Oh my god...

He didn't dare to look at Harry but then Harry stopped kissing and looked at him.

He could feel the wetness of Draco's piss on his pyjama bottoms as well.

'Baby....'

Draco felt so embarrassed, his face got all red and he did not make eye contact with the brown haired boy at all.

'I'm so sorry...I couldn't hold it...' He whispered, very quietly.

The worst thing was that he still wasn't done peeing...

'It's okay baby...just pee it's okay...' Harry answered while petting Draco's blonde hair.

Draco closed his eyes and let go. It felt so good. But he was so embarrassed. He wished he could stop,but he couldn't. The warm pee was now soaking into the mattress and making Harry wet as well. Not only from the pee though...

When Draco finished peeing he opened his eyes.

Harry touched his hair again.

'Good boy...' He whispered.

They both smiled.

But it didn't take long when they suddenly heard footsteps on the hallway...

Fuck...

They both looked at each other, panicking. Someone was coming... Filch? He usually didn't come into their rooms during the night. Did someone get in there? Both of the boys were silent, breathing heavily. Draco wished he hadn't peed, it felt so uncomfortable but at least his bladder wasn't hurting anymore.

Footsteps came closer and suddenly the door opened.

Before they could even see who it was they were blinded by the light of the person's wand.

'For Merlin's sake....'

It was professor Snape! Harry hurried and got off Draco, realizing it was already too late. Draco felt more nervous than ever. This was so bad.

Snape looked at them. Confused and angry at the same time.

'Potter! What the hell are you doing there? Mr. Malfoy?'

Draco bit his lip. He didn't know what to say. Harry got out of the bed.

'It's my fault, professor. I came to check on him, if he was alright I heard he was feeling sick.' He looked at Draco hoping he would play along.

'Yeah he did, sir.' The blonde answered.

Snape raised his eyebrows.

'Didn't know you were so close? Anyway how are you feeling, Mr. Malfoy?'

Draco laid down quickly.

'Very sick, sir...I don't know what's wrong...'

Snape nodded his head.

'Of course...I think I'll have to call the nurse them.' He continued.

'When you're feeling that sick it's better to stay in the hospital bed for tonight.'

Oh no...

Draco wanted to tell it wasn't that bad but Snape already made the decision.

'Potter, you go back to your room immediately. I'll talk to professor Dumbledore about this tomorrow.'

This was even worse... Harry didn't say anything.

'Come on, go!'

He got out of the room, hoping that Draco would be okay. It was all his fault! Now they would both be punished...

Snape looked at the blonde boy who was laying in bed. He knew he wasn't really feeling sick but if he liked to act this way he would also be treated like that.

'Come on, Mr. Malfoy. I'll walk to the hospital wing with you.'

He meant it... Draco didn't know what to do. His bed was all wet, same for his pyjama pants. If Snape found out about this...

'It's alright sir...ill be fine...' He tried.

Snape looked at him. 'No. I don't want anything to happen to you, Mr. Malfoy. You'll be safe in the hospital bed for tonight. Come on, get up.'

Draco didn't want to. He seriously didn't know what to do now. Snape was wondering why he didn't get up of course...

'I'll help you then.' Snape said, trying to take the blanket off him.

Draco panicked. No, just no.

Somehow Snape managed to take the blanket and he just stared at Draco. He was looking at his pants now...

'Mr. Malfoy...'

Draco looked down. He felt tears burning in his eyes.

'Don't ask me about it please...' He said quietly.

He felt miserable again. He wished Harry was still with him.

'Fine. I'll need to talk to your father about this anyway. Seems like there's something wrong... Never Mind. Come here so I can get you cleaned up.'

...

