Tales of Wet Horror 2: Chapter 1

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-08-18 18:04

Tales of Wet Horror 2: Chapter 1

Beware those who you have done harm.

So we've been sat around for around an hour now and this “magnificent” host has left us waiting long enough.

“Fuck it. I'm going home” I say, shrugging and making my way towards the door. This host can get lost. I'm not waiting any longer. This is dull and boring and I've had enough. I walk towards the door and turn the handle and now I just gotta push it ope....It's not opening. Why is it not opening?

“...the doors not opening.” I shout back to the others. Not like they can do anything.

“Is it a pull door?” Amy shoots back. I quickly pull on it and it still refuses to open.

“No. It's not opening.” I reply.

“Excellent, you finally noticed, not the sharpest tool in the work shed are you?” A voice exploded over the loud speaker. Practically blew out my ear drums. The voice kind of reminded me of the bad guy from the new Batman movie(Bane). “Welcome to my home.”

“Who the hell is that?” Amy yelled. Her left leg was constantly bobbing up and down. It was really wetting me off. She quickly crossed her legs and uncrossed them before continuing. “What do you mean welcome to your home?”

“Can't you figure it out? You're a lot stupider than you look then. I set all this up. I want some sweet sweet vengeance.” I can tell he's grinning. That bastard. What does he want with us? “Now then. In all your drinks I have placed a diuretic.”

“What's a diuretic?” Jessica asks. I face palm at this and stifle a giggle. What an idiot.

“You'll see soon enough, my dear, soon enough” With that the speaker cut out and we were left to our thoughts. Great. We've been drugged.

“Let's look around. There's gotta be another way out” We all walked off in a group and started inspecting the rooms. Amy was lagging behind, ugh. I kinda want to ditch her. Wait, not kinda. Yeah, I wanna ditch her. We keep wandering until we come to a window. No bars or anything. I think we've found our way out. I go to open it and make my way to freedom when Amy suddenly pushes me out of the way. “What the hell?”

“I gotta get out first, I don't know why but I really have to pee” Amy quickly says before gripping the window and pushing it up. I hear a crackling sound and the lights flicker a second before Amy is set flying back, slamming straight into Jessica. This brings a smile to my face. Shelly runs over to her and checks her pulse.

“She's alive” Shelly yells “She's alive and-”Crispy I think. I stopped paying attention at this point and watched Amy's crotch. Her skirt has flipped up and we all get a nice view of her black thong. It has a quarter sized wet spot. Hehe. Looks like someone couldn't hold it. I continue staring as the wet spot grows dropping down inside her legs and making it's way around her ass, forming a wet patch on the floor and on the back of her dress. It was great to watch but it quickly stank up to the room. I bet the copy cat is gonna just piss herself as well.

“Zoey we have to go find a phone. Jessica can stay here and look after Amy” Shelly says to me quickly. I run off with her, partly to find a phone, partly because my need to pee is increasing. I didn't finish my entire drink and I was last to drink it. This probably means I'll be last to lose it. Good. I can probably find a way out before I end up wetting myself. Though. That doesn't sound too bad. I have no idea what that was...WTF brain..

I keep running through corridors for awhile before I give up and walk back to Amy and her kiss ass companion. I get back and I find that Jessica(Fucking idiot) has fallen asleep and Amy has now disappeared. All that's left is a wet patch left by her wetting herself. I bend down, press my hand into it and sniff my fingers. I honestly have no idea why I did that. Jessica stirs and I kick her, hoping to wake her. Nothing. It looks like whoever trapped us here got Amy...

Good. Didn't like her anyway. I sound like Grumpy Cat. Eugh. Shelly runs up behind me and asks where Amy is. I tell her that the guy on the Speaker got her. We sit around clueless, trying to think of a way out of this. I look to Jessica as she stirs in her sleep and see her hands are pressed firmly into her crotch. This may get more interesting....

The main one has pissed herself and now I have her. This is going exactly to plan. I have her contained and she should awake sooner or later. Sneaking into the home was a little difficult but I managed to knock the copy cat unconscious and grab Amy at the same time. The rigged windows caused her to wet herself. Good. I wonder which of my traps they'll sit off next...

To be continued....

I'm back from my vacation and my writer's block has been destroyed.

