The Room of Requirement Doesn't Lie

Author: thunderbunny

*000*2025-08-27 17:13

This is a start to a story that popped into my head basically fully formed the other day. I am using AI to help me flesh things out, but I will not be posting anything that I haven't extensively edited. Constructive feedback is welcome.

###

"Right then," I declared, pushing my spectacles higher up my nose as I surveyed the sea of still-puzzled faces. "That'll do for Charms today. Go on now, off to lunch you lot."

Truth be told, their muddled attempts at a Summoning Charm were becoming a tad tiresome. But that wasn't the only reason why I wanted them out. A most peculiar sort of pressure was building in my bladder. It felt like a tiny Troll had taken up residence there, rattling his knobbly knees with insistent fury.

"Professor Granger?" a student piped up from the back row, "Are you alright? You look a bit… flushed."

Flushed? Honestly, the girl’s eyesight must be failing. I was positively radiating like a cauldron on high heat. Still, no time for explanations. I plastered a smile on my face – payoff for all that effort to get used to projecting my new "teacher" persona - and waved them out with brisk authority.

The moment those blasted students were gone, I bolted. My feet practically flew down the corridor, each tap of my polished leather shoes sending a shudder through me like a thousand tiny wasps buzzing in my bladder.

Now, don't think for a minute that an accomplished witch like myself would simply accept such blatant discomfort. No, I knew exactly where to find relief - the ever-obliging Room of Requirement, that little marvel that always seems to pop up with precisely what you need at the most inconvenient moment. Except...this time it wasn't the usual dusty shelves and comfy armchairs I stumbled upon.

This room was decidedly… more intimate. A single porcelain toilet sat proudly in the center, flanked by a neatly appointed dresser and full length mirror standing silently by.

"Bloody hell," I muttered, my hand flying to my mouth as I nearly tripped over my own feet rushing towards that blessed bowl. But it was too late. As I scrambled onto the seat, a warm trickle escaped – a humiliating betrayal of all things witchy and dignified. One of my cutest pairs of panties, now damp and hanging limply between my legs.

I finished with a sigh of relief, but still feeling decidedly flushed. Dragging myself up, I stumbled towards the dresser and peeked inside. There they were - rows upon rows of neatly folded cotton panties, in every shade imaginable from prim white to daring crimson.

"Honestly," I hissed at my reflection in the mirror above the dresser. My cheeks burned like a phoenix feather. I snatched a clean pair – crisp white cotton this time – and with trembling hands yanked them on and then donned my trousers once again.

I checked myself in the mirror and was satisfied to see that my trousers bore no evidence of my… difficulty. I noted with some satisfaction my appearance: trim and slender, the lines of my new panties visible on my quite attractive behind. I shook myself.

Back to reality, back to lessons… just another day for the unflappable Hermione Granger.

###

The blasted meeting had dragged on for hours. You’d think Headmasters would be a tad more efficient about their transfigurations, wouldn't you? Half an hour spent debating the merits of a self-stirring cauldron – frankly, utter nonsense! The only saving grace was a decent biscuit during tea break - though I did feel myself edging towards bladder-bursting with every sip of tea, only exacerbated by each forced smile and polite nod.

Out at last, I practically skipped out of McGonagall’s office. Even the sight of that pesky Peeves levitating past the portraits couldn't quite shake off my desperate need to find a loo.

“Where is that blasted Room of Requirement?” I muttered under my breath, striding down the corridor towards the dusty-looking alcove between History and Charms. No sooner had I uttered the words than it swung open, revealing… the same toilet, dresser and mirror as before. Just as relieving a sight as before.

By now, I was positively bursting. The moment my foot crossed the threshold, a warm trickle escaped. "Merlin's beard," I swore, gripping onto the ornate doorframe for dear life as another wave spilled out and soaked my trousers. I limped onward trying in vain to stop the flow. I managed to clamber onto that blessed porcelain throne just in time to finish in a less childish fashion, but by then, my trousers were a sodden pile of cloth on the floor.

"Bloody hellfire," I muttered again as I finally caught my breath. The pressure eased as my bladder’s contents emptied noisily into the bowl. But now what? Those pants were a write-off!

A glance at the dresser offered a sliver of hope. It was once again stocked with those neatly folded panties, but something new had joined them in the drawer below: three pairs of dry, sensible trousers. I felt a small thrill of relief. The Room of Requirement was saving my dignity once again.

“Well, there you have it,” I said to myself as I pulled on a pair of light blue cotton panties followed by forest green slacks – sturdy and practical, perfect for an impromptu dungeon exploration or a midnight run through the Forbidden Forest. And, thankfully, dry.

My appearance in the mirror was somewhat agitated, but dry. The pants showed off my hips nicely, and when I checked my backside, the lines of the panties were barely visible. Quite satisfactory.

Better get back to grading those blasted essays before I needed to hand them back the next day.

###

I suffered through another day long day of lecturing and increasingly difficult attempts to appear composed while my need to pee grew more urgent. Even the Defence Against the Dark Arts class, usually so absorbing, couldn't quite hold my attention anymore. It felt as if I had to yank my attention back to the classroom every other minute from my body’s needs.

By the time I reached that last class – fifth year Transfiguration, bless their chaotic little souls - I was positively vibrating with urgency. A good ten minutes into a particularly tedious lesson on turning teacups into terriers, I swear I could hear my knees rattling under my desk like a pair of maracas.

The bell rang like a lifesaver just as another tremor rippled through my core. "Right then, off you go," I croaked out, attempting to sound authoritative despite the way my bladder felt poised to fail me at any moment. As I stood, I winced as I felt my panties dampen from a leak.

Outside my classroom, it was all I could do not to break into a sprint. I practically threw myself against the Room of Requirement’s door as if trying to escape some monstrous, watery creature within. It swung open with its usual theatricality, and there it was: that intimate oasis of porcelain and dresser once more.

Only this time, my desperation had won out in full – I left a full-on trail of puddles on the way to the toilet. I had worn the green trousers again, and they were now soaked with my piss, clinging to me like seaweed after a particularly rough tide.

"Blast it all," I hissed as I scrambled onto the throne, a strangled groan escaping my lips.I tried to get my trousers down, but after a moment of scrambling, simply sat on the toilet and panted as I pissed straight through my clothes. At least the dresser would have some dry pants. "Finally! Just a few more hours until I can go home..."

But then I started worrying. That blasted Quidditch match tonight! The annual Slytherin versus Gryffindor showdown - and I'd promised to watch it from the box with the headmaster. Would I be able to make it through the game without humiliating myself?

I released the last dribbles through my trousers, I felt strangely grateful for that blessed little room and its constant ability to cater to my most embarrassing needs. But as I opened the dresser and started to reach for a dry pair of underwear, I started at an unexpected sight. No neat rows of cotton panties greeted me from the dresser this time. Instead, there were…well, they looked exactly like those absorbent pullups one sees on younger children. Only these were larger, and appeared to be sized for my own shapely, if leaky nether regions. They were arrayed in the drawer in a rainbow of colors with thick padding in each gusset.

"Bloody hell," I muttered, staring at them with a mixture of mortification and a sliver of begrudging understanding. “You’re telling me,” I whispered to myself, picking up a thick, peach-colored pull-up, "that I need these tonight?" A blush crept up my cheeks like a rogue vine.

Perhaps, just perhaps the Room of Requirement was right. I certainly couldn’t deny that I had provided plenty of evidence that I… needed some help keeping my trousers dry.

I reluctantly opened and stepped into the pull-up. It felt strange, but was quite comfortable. The sight of myself, wearing only my blouse and the absorbent panties caught my eye. While I still had a shapely figure, I looked decidedly less confident and a little more… childish. Time would tell whether the Room of Requirement was correct about my needs. Despite that, I had a match to attend, so I slipped into a dry pair of trousers and left.

