When karma strikes and you pee ur pants

Author: theblackman24

*000*2018-01-21 05:19

When I was younger I had a highly rebellious and aggressive personality and I refused to listen to anything my teachers or parents had to tell me. Over time I got worst and I become so uncontrollable I use to hit my classmates and intimidate them. The school had enough and expelled me they thought I was a special needs child. My parents sent me to this mental health place for youth somewhere in a Bad part of Brazil, I was from California so this was a complete change. Didnt know my mom had friends down their I felt so betrayed by my parents sending me there that on my first day there I threw my tray at some and hit some person with downs syndrome and he started crying and wet himself from fear.

This huge 6 foot older lady named katie came and grabbed me and I hit her a few times then I bit her. The katie got so mad she through me on the ground then kicked me a few times. I was in so much pain I was crying, she was in rage she strapped me into the restrain chair. then she turned the lights off and left. Their was a clock their and I watch 5 hours pass.

After that much time my bladder was very full and burning because I was trying to hold it in, I had to pee so bad that I was crying. At 11pm I heard the door open and three people came in. It was katie, and two staff workers I also assaulted. One of the staff members was a huge guy and asked me why am I crying, I told them its really embarrassing when I have to pee because some times I cant hold it. That was a bad mistake telling them that, I didn't know how brutal these people where.

Katie was so strong she takes my chair and she hangs me upside down. I couldn't hold my pee any more so I told them I couldn't wait I started to leak in to my pants and the pee was leaking on to my stomach and chest because I was upside down. Katie took my penis out and aimed it at my face every time my bladder contracted I would leak into my face. I started to cry and said you can do that, & she said in this part of Brazil we can do what ever we want to punish the youth and she said my mom said do what ever it takes to fix you. When I lost control she made she all the pee went into my face. She said this is how it feels when you bully some one, its just pee in the face.

The next day I was so mad at katie, I told her I hope your kids get sick and never get well out of rage. She started to cry and she said her son died of cancer then she went into the office and called my mom. She told my mom what I said to her and my mom said do what ever you like, hes just going to end up in jail or a loser. and I heard that over the speaker phone. I must of hurt katies feelings so bad I didnt see her for a few days. Then when she came back she was mad and she said i been talking to your mom and she said I have full authority to harm and humiliate you with unlimited capabilities. I cursed at her and called her names then told her she was worthless. Katie was so angry She ordered the staff to remove my pants and cuff me to a wheelchair. Katie waited for hours for my bladder to fill up because that what made me cry.

When my bladder filled up I asked katie waited until i cried and she waited until she saw pee drip out of my penis. When she did she pushed the wheel chair in front of the down syndrome person I hit with a tray. I was restrained and I kept saying im sorry. my bladder could not hold it anymore and a long jet of pee came out. The downs syndrome kid started to laugh as I cried from the embarrassment because the pee was coming out and I couldn't stop it. As I was losing control katie grabbed my penis and stopped the pee, it hurt really bad when she stopped my pee from coming out. Katie wheeled me to the most busiest area and then let go of py penis and I peed full force infront of a group of specialed perople. that was when I was young, now years down the line im nice and normal. any one had to be sent away from home?

