I need your ideas with "A Pinch of Salt"

Author: tholepin

*000*2016-09-05 12:47

Here is my dilemma: In this scene, Penny wants to invite her boss Ellen and boyfriend into an omo style group but isn't sure how her request will be taken. She is the sub here with her professional and personal reputation on the line. Penny strongly suspects Ellen and John (bf) are into omo and other things but in real life - would Penny invite her boss into a wetting group out of the blue (so to speak)? Or, would Doc Ellen trust her "spidie-feelings" and open up her lifestyle to her lab worker assistant? As you can see, I'm waffling about it, putting it off till later; even coming out with all four together in a public place. Something isn't real, or right about it.

Please give me your input from your own sense of reality . . . thank you all very much, Tholepin

* * *

"Penny sashayed into the lab fashionably late, bursting with energy and licentious ideas concerning the Society of D'spoilers as she now named the puckish horde of oversexed revelers. She was also playing with the dangerous idea of introducing her boss Ellen and her lover John Sparr to the group. Exciting as the prospect of seeing John and Ellen disporting themselves was, Penny had her reputation and livelihood on the line. Dr. Sparr could make or break her doctoral appointment and Ellen could fire her. Approaching them directly was out of the question; they had to irreversibly show themselves as enthusiastic committed players. It was up to her and Joe to leave certain doors ajar and wait. They had lots of time to get it right.

Ellen Hull had her antennas out as her sexually maturing doctoral candidate breezed back. Ever since those two realized she was aware of their darkroom shenanigans, they had kept a surreptitious eye on her absences from the lab and used their time well. No matter, what worried Ellen was the lingering smell of the toilet that permeated her clothes and hair. She was aware they had given her a respectful space since she and John began scat play at their apartment. That the underwear Penny reminded her about this morning were yellowed and obviously John's, but again, not a big deal. But scat play was a big deal; a dinosaur in the room, possibly even blackmail material. Ellen suddenly realized: they knew – and seemed to be okay about it.

Ellen looked up as Penny hung up her jacket, "How was lunch?"

"Country Club fab Doc, I could get used to that. Sorry I'm a bit late but we gabbed longer that we planned to." She gave a meaningful at glance at Joe, "Our social calendar just grew wings."

"That's good news Hon, let's celebrate tonight," Joe said.

"Nice, but its Help Me Type My Thesis night, but there's the week-end . . ."

"Speaking of social calendars, I think we should go out to dinner and celebrate each other's engagements!"

"You and Dr. Hull got engaged, that's great news," said Joe. "Congratulations!" echoed Penny. "I am so glad for you. You have been glowing since he walked in here and offered you a head in a box."

"God, what a pick-up line!"

"Well, it worked," added Joe."

