Kenzie, Bursting on I-5

Author: The Shark

*000*2022-09-13 20:36

The hot LA sun beat down onto the burning asphalt of the I-5 highway as traffic had grinded down to a standstill. In the middle of the standstill something else was grinding. Fingers… against a desperate to pee pussy. Kenzie sat squirming in her convertible absolutely desperate to pee. She bit her lip and looked around trying to figure out what to do… she was on the brink of an accident and running out of time.

But how did she get there? How did Kenzie get in this bursting mess? For that we need to go back a few hours to Kenzie as she woke up in her small studio apartment. Groggily she waltzed her naked ass over to her mirror and admired herself just for a moment. Her long brown hair hung down to her mid back. Her hazel eyes looked tired but not as bad as her high school years. Her pert breasts, toned stomach and perky ass looked in tip top shape as she swiveled around to get a view from all angles. Kenzie was proud of the work she was getting in working out before classes every day and today would be no exception.

She smiled as she went to her bathroom to take her morning pee but stopped in her tracks as she found the toilet with no water in it. “That’s… odd… can you even pee if there isn’t water?” She asked aloud to nobody in particular. She retreated to her phone and saw an alert from the water authority.

*NOTICE: Do NOT use your TOILETS or SHOWERS for the next 5 HOURS due to DROUT*

“Fuck sake…” Kenzie rolled her eyes. Usually all the water saving measures were while she was in class anyway meaning it didn’t effect her. Now she was faced with not being able to conduct her morning pee. Kenzie squished her toned thighs together slightly and bounced a bit on the spot. “Its fine. I can hold it. I’ll just go to the gym and pee after!” Kenzie exclaimed before grabbing her water bottle, a pair of red leggings, a red sports bra, some sneakers and setting off to her local gym.

The drive wasn’t too eventful but as Kenzie sipped on her water she felt her bladder filling more and more. “Come on… you held it all night. How hard can a couple more hours be?” She thought to herself as she drove on towards her local gym.

As she arrived she saw a woman rush out of the doors with a hand on her crotch. “Oh fuck oh fuck oh FUCK!” She was yelling as she quickly got in her car and sped away. “Geez… looks like she needed to pee… why didn’t she just go inside…” Kenzie said. As soon as she herself got inside she found the answer. The gym was also enforcing the water saving measures as there were signs on the toilet doors reading “Out of order for water savings”. “Fuck… okay I thought Gyms we’re excluded from that… I can just wait till I get to the college…” Kenzie nodded to herself, but deep down she was starting to feel unsure of herself. The image of the woman rushing out of the gym was burning into her brain. She definitely didn’t want to be come her…

Kenzie started her workout with some simple weight lifting and machine usage and quickly got lost in her training. Lift after lift she continued on but every once and a while her bladder nagged her. As she kept working out her kidneys worked overtime, cranking even more water into her bladder and near the end she was feeling it bad. “Fuck fuck fuck… alright just… what’s left?” She thought looking at her workout app.

“Squats. Fucking. Squats” she rolled her eyes and looked back at her ass. She was so proud of its shape and she didn’t want it going flat. Thus, she took her position in the mirror and started her squats. The first one seemed okay. However upon pushing down the second time Kenzie gasped as she felt like she was about to lose control. In two simple exercises she went from “Holding fine” to “Almost losing it” mostly from the compromising position she put her pee hole into. Quickly Kenzie jerked herself upright and shoved her hands in her crotch to regain control. “Dammit! Fuck! I need to piss!” She hissed to herself gritting her teeth. She grabbed her bottle and quickly dashed towards the lobby. She sighed seeing the signs still up and proceeded to her car. For a moment she felt just like that woman from before, rubbing her pussy, trying not to wet herself. Kenzie quickly slipped into her car and began to drive off towards her college, where she figured she would be able to pee.

However as she absentmindedly drove she came across some construction. “What!? Ugh come on!” She cried feeling her bladder bulging more than ever. She quickly grabbed her phone and punched in her school’s address. Turns out there was a detour needed and her normal route wouldn’t work. Without thinking she took the turn the GPS suggested. As she drove her eyes widened and she realized what ramp she had just taken. “Oh no. Oh fuck not I-5”. Kenzie moaned to herself and shot a hand to her crotch as she realized the mistake she just made. Interstate 5 or I-5 was notoriously known for being backed up, having traffic jams, and just being overall terrible. “M-maybe it wont be so bad?” Kenzie asked hopelessly.

As she started driving on the highway it was immediately clear it was going to be bad. Just a mile down things were slowing to a crawl. “No no no!” Kenzie pouted as she jiggled in her seat, now with a hand firmly planted on her pulsing pussy. She felt her need growing larger than it ever had and she felt like she had minutes until she burst, not the potential hours this traffic jam was looking like it was going to take! Finally all the traffic culminated to a standstill and Kenzie put the car in park to wait out the jam.

Now with the car in park Kenzie shoved her other hand in her crotch and leaned her head back, crossing her legs and jiggled in place. “I gotta pee I gotta pee I gotta PEE! FUCK!” She cried out as she grinded her fingers to her pee hole. She started whimpering and looking around for some solution but it was hopeless. There were cars all around her. Her convertible top was down and everyone could see her. Even with it up it would be obvious through her windows if she tried to pop a squat in her car. As she thought about this Kenzie gasped as a spurt shot into her expensive leggings, dampening her fingers. “No. god no please!” She cried rubbing herself harder and biting her lip. Another spurt leaked out. “I cant…” she whimpered. Another spurt. “Hold it…!”

After all her holding it was no use. Pee blasted from her tired pee hole, spraying hot piss into her expensive red leggings, soaking both her legs and she furiously rubbed herself trying to stop the flow. Her hot piss soaked her leggings and down into her leather car seats, forming a puddle under her squirming as she hopelessly tried to stop the flood. “NO NO NO NO FUCK STOP NO!!!!” She cried doing everything to stop peeing. It was no use though and soon her stream died down and she was left with a cooling wet piss puddle under her ass, soaked leggings, and ruined floor mats as she sat sobbing.

“Fuck this LA traffic…” she lamented as she leaned her head back and prayed nobody had seen what she just did. As she opened her eyes however she looked to her left and saw a high school school bus one lane away that had just pulled up and watched the entire show. A bunch of guys had their phones out and were laughing at her as well as the girls on the bus. Kenzie felt heat pooling in her cheeks as she turned beat red, realizing a whole bunch of people just witnessed her embarrassing accident. Thankfully for her, cars started moving up ahead, allowing her to escape the prying eyes and let her be alone in her car once again with the sloshing piss puddle below her and her soaked leggings.

*002*2022-09-16 23:22

{{3 hours ago, daisyduke said:

I love ur stories, they are so well written please do more hehe

}}

Thank you so much! I have more ideas in the works. Stay tuned!

*004*2022-09-17 22:14

I’ll gladly write a second chapter!

