Snowy’s day out

Author: tfarmjr

*000*2025-05-13 00:29

“Money,check”

“Library card,check”

“Metal water bottle,check”

Snowy the glaceon was checking off mental boxes in her head as she was making sure she had packed everything she needed for her outing. When snowy was done checking her bag she made sure to grab a book off the shelf and put it with the other assortment of items she was bringing, after that she opened her front door and walked out of the house. Snowy was a high schooler currently on summer break and during this break she wouldn’t have much to do except read, so she made a habit of going to the library every weekend and picking a new book for her to read for the rest of that week and when the next weekend came she’d go to the library return the book she got last week and pick out a new one.

As Snowy walked down the wooded dirt path to get to town she pondered on what Type of book she would check out next. During most of the summer she had been reading books of high fantasy about a hero going on a grand quest to fulfill some prophecy foretold in ancient text. However, she had grown bored of this genre and wished to read something more realistic, perhaps a romance novel would suffice.

As she was thinking she finally reached the entrance to the town, while she was walking around she could see pokemon of all shapes, sizes and types doing whatever they needed to in their day to day lives. As Snowy walked around she eventually came to the town's park and thought this would be a good time to take a break.

Being a pure ice type meant that she didn’t do well with heat so during the summer months if she was outside she tended to get quite fatigued and thirsty quickly. While walking through the park she looked around and found a bench that was being shaded by a tree. Snowy walked up to the bench and sat down. She then took off her bag and sat it next to her. Opening up the bag she rummaged through it until she found what she was looking for and pulled out the metal water bottle. Not wasting a moment she quickly twisted off the cap and guzzled down the contents of the bottle.

The cool crisp water sliding down her throat was very refreshing to the glaceon who was parched from her walk to the town. She took big gulps of the drink only stopping to take deep gasps for air afterwards she’d go back to chugging the water. She repeated these actions for a minute or two until the water bottle was empty at which point she twisted the cap back on and put the water bottle back in her bag. Before she got up she looked around the park to take in the scenery and she saw a playground with some young Pokémon playing together, a fountain, some trees and a public restroom.

Feeling refreshed from her break, Snowy got up from the bench and put her bag back on. She made her way to the other side of the park and walked out through the other exit/entrance. While making her way towards the library she came up on a crosswalk. As cars drove past her she pushed the button on the pole and waited patiently for the light on the other side of the road to say she could walk. While waiting she felt a very dull twinge near her hind legs the feeling was only there for moments before just as suddenly as it came it went away.

Snowy didn’t recognize where the feeling was coming from but before she could wonder about the location of it, the light on the other side of the road turned green signifying she could walk to that side. Once she made it to the other side she turned left and after a short walk she stood in front of her destination and opened the doors.

Once inside she was hit with a cool blast of AC and she looked around, the library was pretty much one big room. The walls were lined with rows of bookshelves filled with books and in the middle, a space was made for chairs and tables so guests would have a place to sit while they read. Right next to the entrance was the front desk and Snowy made her way to it. As she was approaching, a lucario was talking with a Pokémon behind the desk and snowy lined up behind him. While waiting on the lucario the same dull twinge near he abdomen came back but this time it lingered long enough for the glaceon to pinpoint where it was coming from, and the source of the feeling was her bladder. The signals were of no urgency, they were just warnings that her bladder was filling up and soon or later she’d have to empty it.

After a short while the lucario finished talking with the Pokémon at the front desk and Snowy walked up to talk with the audino.

“Hey Snowy.” the audino spoke in a sweet tone “did you finish reading the book I recommend.”

“Hey Katie” Snowy replied while grabbing the book out of her bag and placing it on the desk “I did finish the book, it was a great read.”

“Soooo what did ya think of the ending.” Katie asked while grabbing the newly placed book and unchecking it from the glaceon’s account

“I think the twist villain was done well I never expected him to be the one behind it all”

“I had my suspicions towards the end.” Katie stated while putting the unchecked book away “anyway, are you here to check out another book I got one in mind that i know you’ll just love”

“Actually, I was wondering if you knew of any good-” snowy paused and inhaled “romance novels?” She asked squeakily.

Katie smirked “oooohhh and why the sudden change of genre, perhaps there’s a boy in mind?” She asked condescendingly.

Snowy’s cheeks turned a light shade of red and her face felt hot “No!” she blurted out a tad bit louder than she should’ve “I uh I j-just wanna uh-“

“It’s ok” the audino cut her off “you don’t have to act so flustered I’m only teasing ya.”

Snowy sighed

“Now” Katie continued “romantics aren’t really my cup of tea so I can’t recommend you any that I’ve read, however I’ve been hearing good things about this one book in particular.”

“Oh what’s it called?” Snowy asked intriguingly

“It’s titled A Summer Of Love.” Katie answered

“What’s it about?” Snowy asked

“Well I don’t know much but from what I've heard it seems to be about a glaceon falling in love with the new pokemon in town who I think is a jolteon” Katie responded

Huh it’s about a glaceon snowy thought what a coincidence

“Anyway” Katie continued “I haven’t read it so I can’t give you my personal thoughts on it but apparently it’s good enough to warrant its own movie.”

“Really, so it must be a good book then?” Snowy asked

“I don’t know I guess you’re just going to have to figure that out yourself” Katie answered “do you want me to check if we have it?”

“Yes” snowy immediately responded

“Woah uh ok” said Katie, surprised by the quickness of the reply, turned to her left and pressed a few keys on her keyboard. The computer screen lit up and a smile grew on Katie’s face

“Yep we have it in stock.” Katie said while writing down its location on a sticky note and handing it to Snowy. Snowy quickly grabbed the note, read it and then dashed off to find the book while thanking Katie. As Snowy was walking to where the note said the book was she felt another feeling of small discomfort coming from her bladder. She shivered and took a quick glance at the bathroom at the back of the library, but she chose not to use it as she thought she was not desperate enough. She made it to the section the book was in and scanned the shelves until she pinpointed where the book was and grabbed it off the shelf. She dashed back to the front desk and checked it out. After she had gotten it back from Katie she then stuffed it in her bag and headed for the door. Thanking Katie one more time before opening the doors and leaving the library.

When she got out onto the sidewalk she started walking back the way she came but when she arrived at the crosswalk she continued forward instead of heading towards the park. While continuing walking forward she started to wonder what was going to happen in the book. She started to wonder about what the conflicts would be. Was the girl going to get the boy in the end or would she fail and never find true love again. All the guesses only made her more excited to read the book. After walking a little further she arrived at her destination, a coffee shop. Heading inside she went to the counter and ordered an iced coffee.

While waiting for her drink, her bladder sent her another wave this time a little more desperate than the last. She started looking around the room for a bathroom and when she did find it she frowned as there was a short line in-front of it. That's ok she thought I’ll just use the restroom later. Just after she thought that, she heard her name get called as her coffee was ready. She picked it up from the counter and sat down at a table next to the window. After she had gotten settled in she took a sip from her coffee and got her book out of her bag. She was just about to open up the book when she got a shiver and realized that her bladder was becoming a small issue. She looked over at the bathroom and saw that the line was only shorter by one. She groaned and looked down at the unopened book and then back at the bathroom. She decided against going to the bathroom and instead opened the and began reading in her head,chapter one

“As the glaceon looked at the door of the classroom she saw a very handsome jolteon with polished fir standing in the doorway- snowy’s reading was cut off as her bladder sent a wave of desperation through her body. She crossed her hind legs as a small whine came out of her. She couldn’t stop reading, not now the book was just getting good. She looked over at the bathroom and noticed a paper taped on the door. She squinted and saw that the paper said “out of order”.

She sighed and then looked out the window next to her and noticed the sun was starting to set and she should make her way back home. A jolt from her blatter made her hastily put the book back in her bag and throw away her coffee cup as she walked out the door. She sped walked much to her body’s dismay until she reached the cross walk and waited for the sign to tell her to go. While waiting she winced and bobbed up and down while crossing her hind legs. She knew she couldn’t make it to her house so she decided to take a detour at the park bathroom.

After a short wait the walk sign was displayed and snowy walked to the other side of the road and started speed walking again but after a few steps she stopped in her tracks as a wave of desperation came over her. She crossed her hind legs and winced. After a few seconds she started walking again but this time at a more brisk pace so as to not upset her blatter. A short walk later, which felt a lot longer to snowy, she made it to the park entrance and peered into the park happy to have almost made it salvation, however that happiness was replaced with dread as she saw there was a line of two other mons in front of the bathroom. Having no other option, Snowy got behind the amphoros who was at the back of the line. She stomped her front paws and crossed her hind legs as she waited.

After a few seconds she heard a flush and a Pokémon walked out of the bathroom as the next in line went in. One more person and Snowy would be able to feel sweet relief. Snowy bounced up and down aggressively, but then a strong urge to pee shot through her as she doubled over, raised her butt and shoved her paws in between her legs. She closed her eyes and did everything in her power to hold back her pee as she felt a drop escape her. This was it after all the struggling she was gonna wet herself like a newborn eevee, but just as she thought it was over.

“You can go ahead of me” she opened her eyes and looked up to see the ampharos holding the bathroom door open for her. Snowy didn’t skip a beat and bolted straight to the squat toilet where she then squatted down and took a sharp breath. A torrent of yellow liquid shot out of the glaceon and into the toilet as Snowy tilted her head up and moaned out of pure relief and bliss. Snowy started taking deep breaths and opened her eyes to look down at the raging water happening between her legs. She began readjusting her hasty squat but then heard a loud slam behind her.

She quickly turned around but only saw the closed door to the bathroom. Her jaw dropped and her face grew a hot bright red as she realized the culprit of the loud slam was the door closing. She froze as her golden stream still shot out of her, after two minutes her stream started to die down and slowly turned to just a few drops. She let out one last spurt and then wiped herself. She threw the toilet paper into the squat toilet and then flushed. She approached the bathroom door with a blush still on her face and took a deep breath as she pushed open the door. The ampharos was standing outside with a blush on their face. Snowy and the ampharos both stood there awkwardly until the ampharos broke the silence.

“I’m really sorry I didn’t close the door immediately you just rushed in so fast my mind didn’t have the time to process it and before I knew it you were peeing.”

“It’s ok I forgive you.” snowy responded

“Uh snowy is it? I’m Amber.” The ampharos said

“Wait how’d you know my name?” Snowy questioned

“Oh, we were in the same math class last year.” Amber replied

“Oh yea I remember you? Mister Marty right?”

“Yea!” Amber responded excitedly

There was a short awkward silence between them before Amber spoke up again.

“It’s getting kinda dark we should start heading home”

“Yea, you're right.” snowy agreed

“Hey I’ll walk you home. I think we live in the same neighborhood.”

“ Ok let’s go” snowy said

And so snowy and amber walked off towards their homes talking about their interest and slowly snowy and amber were becoming friends.

