Holding Back (A Deadpool fanfic)

Author: Thorn177

*000*2015-09-18 00:30

A short Deadpool fanfic. Features the voices in Wade's head, swearing, violence and mild pre-Spideypool flirting.

###

Wade squats at the edge of the roof, surveying the street below. He needs to piss. For a moment he considers standing up and peeing off the roof, seeing if he can hit any of the poor fucks below. He plays with the thought, turning it over in his head.

Spidey wouldn’t like it.

And it’s not a very hero thing to do, neither.

‘I fucking know that, shut up,’ he says out loud. The boxes are right, of course. If he’s really gonna try to do the hero thing, peeing on innocent passers by isn’t exactly a great move, hilarious though it would no doubt be. There’s a little less room for mayhem when you’re a hero than when you’re just a merc. He really shouldn’t have had all that Mountain Dew.

He stands up, anyway, because squatting with a full bladder is like begging to piss yourself. If he can’t piss over the edge of the roof, maybe he can parkour his way to somewhere he can. Only, he realises, he kind of likes this feeling.

Really? This is something we’re into now?

‘Maaaaaybe?’ Wade scratches his neck. ‘Never thought about it before.’

We’ve been into way weirder things, his brain points out. Kind of stuff we do for sh*ts and giggles . . . Hell, this isn’t even a kink by comparison.

Ooh, we could experiment! See how long we can hold it!

Wade considers this for a moment. ‘I guess what with the healing factor there’s no chance of doing any real damage to my bladder . . . Not that that would stop me. I draw the line at wetting myself, though. This suit’s a bitch to clean.’

Which is really dumb when you think about it, considering how much blood you get on it on a daily basis.

Wade is still arguing with himself when someone lands on the roof behind him. He notices at once, but it takes him a while to pay the figure any mind. It’s only when Spider-Man clears his throat that he turns around.

‘I don’t mean to interrupt what’s no doubt a fascinating monologue—’

‘Dialogue,’ Wade corrects him. ‘Trialogue? Di is for two, but there’s at least three. Sometimes six. Multilogue!’

‘Whatever.’ Wade is pretty sure that Spider-Man is rolling his eyes behind the mask. ‘I was under the impression that we were hitting that trafficking ring tonight. Only I’ve been waiting for you for about an hour.’

Oh yeah, that’s what we’re supposed to be doing tonight!

‘Oh shit, yeah! My bad, Spidey. Got distracted.’

Thinking about piss.

‘Thinking about—no, shut up. Thinking about you, gorgeous!’ Wade bows with a flourish.

Spider-Man’s arms are crossed in the body language of someone who’s entirely unimpressed. ‘Uh-huh. So, you coming?’

‘For you, baby? Always!’

Spidey doesn’t dignify the double entendre with any kind of response. Instead he turns away and stalks across the roof. Wade follows. A thought strikes him just as they reach the other end of the building.

‘Hey, Spidey,’ he says suddenly. ‘You into watersports?’

Spider-Man halts and turns his head slightly. Wade decides that masks on other people suck. He’d like to be able to read Spider-Man’s expression right now.

‘You mean,’ says Spider-Man slowly, ‘like, surfing?’

Oh-em-gee, isn’t he just precious? Aww, who’s an adorably naïve Spider-Boy!

Too cute. Too. Fucking. Cute. I may barf. You know, mentally.

Wade swats the boxes away, also mentally. Not that they aren’t right. They are so right.

‘Yeah, something like that. Totally what I meant. So, we hitting that trafficking ring or what?’ And with that he jumps off the roof, forgetting that he’s six storeys up and that landing on concrete really fucking hurts, healing factor or no.

###

Fighting on a full bladder, it turns out, is hard. It’s also kind of a turn-on. Especially when Spider-Man’s leaping around with his hot moves, showing off that pert ass of his. The traffickers put up a decent fight, but nothing the two of them can’t handle, once they’ve released their victims into the night.

And Wade tries not to kill anyone, he really does, but it just so happens that blades are meant for stabbing, and his hand-to-hand isn’t as great as Spider-Man’s. Besides, one of them is aiming his gun at the back of Spider-Man’s head while the arachnid’s busy with three others, and Wade doesn’t really have time to think, so he runs the fucker through. He doesn’t feel especially bad about it.

By the time the fight is over, Wade really, really needs to piss. All that moving around has shaken his bladder and it’s making it harder to hold it in.

Spider-Man makes a disapproving sound once he’s finished webbing the knocked out traffickers together, looking down at the dead guy.

‘What?’ says Wade defensively. ‘He was gonna shoot you! I just saved your life, baby boy.’ He pauses. ‘Do I get a kiss as a reward?’

‘You really, really don’t,’ says Spider-Man dismissively. ‘Couldn’t you have, like, non-mortally wounded him or something?’

Wade throws up his hands in exasperation. ’Everyone's a critic! I don’t know what kind of bullets you’re used to, sweetcheeks, but the ones I tend to deal with move really, really fast. So, no. I just reacted. You’re welcome.’

He doesn’t look happy, does he?

You’d think he’d be a little more grateful to us for saving his life.

Spider-Man sighs, his crossed arms dropping to his sides. ‘Yeah. I’m sorry. Thanks, Deadpool.’

Wade blinks, not sure if he actually heard what he thought he heard. ‘Am I hallucinating?’

Did he just apologise?

Did he just thank us?

‘You’d better get out of here,’ Spider-Man continues. ‘The cops will be here to arrest this lot soon.’

Wade cocks his head to one side. ‘Aren’t you coming?’

‘Someone’s gotta explain this to them.’ Spider-Man nudges the dead guy gingerly with his toe.

‘I could get rid of the body,’ says Wade without missing a beat.

‘Yeah. No.’ A moment passes. ‘So, you going or what?’

Wade crosses his legs. His bladder feels full to bursting point now. Their conversation was a decent distraction, but now it’s getting almost impossible to ignore. ‘Yeah,’ he says slowly and swallows hard. ‘It’s just . . . kinda hard to move.’

Think of a babbling brook! Or a waterfall! Crashing waves, maybe.

Or, you know, just think about piss.

‘Dudes! Not helping!’ Wade growls under his breath.

Spider-Man crosses his arms again. ‘Why?’ His tone is skeptical. ‘You injured?’

Wade laughs in spite of himself. ‘No, no. I’m good. Just . . . Kinda really need a piss.’

Spider-Man sighs and rubs his forehead with his hand. ‘What are you, five?’

‘Fine, fine.’ Wade starts shuffling towards the door of the warehouse. The going is slow, though, and after a few steps he whimpers pitifully and grabs his crotch.

That’s right, show Spider-Man how you can’t even hold your bladder.

‘Shut up!’ Wade manages to croak.

‘I didn’t say anything,’ says Spider-Man. He sighs again and steps around Wade to look at him. The faint sound of police sirens reaches Wade’s ears, which means Spider-Man has been hearing it for a good while already. ‘All right. Go hide behind those crates.’ Spider-Man points to the back of the warehouse.

Wade turns around and shuffles the other way. He reaches the crates just as the police cars come to a screeching halt outside, and squats down behind them as quickly as he can manage.

Bad move, bro.

‘Motherf-aaaahh . . .’ Wade hisses as his bladder begins to void without warning. Peeing has never felt so good. Urine trickles out into his suit, warm and wet. He sits back against the wall, trying not to moan. There’s no point trying to stop it now, he reasons.

Thought we weren’t gonna wet the suit.

We weren’t, but we did anyway. It’s gonna be hell to clean.

‘I don’t care,’ Wade whispers, closing his eyes in bliss.

So, we are into wetting ourselves, then. Good to know. Another kink to add to the list.

Beyond the crates, he hears voices. Spider-Man is talking to the cops, but Wade can’t focus on what he’s saying. A minute later he’s still wetting. The piss is leaking out of his suit, forming a puddle around him.

When it finally stops, he looks around and it occurs to him to wonder what’s in the crates. The cops are talking loudly enough that he risks pulling one of his katanas and uses it to pry the nearest crate open.

It’s like Christmas has come early. The crate is full of weapons. Lovely, shiny handguns, and big, heavy assault rifles. He picks up one of the handguns, trying its weight in his gloved hand. It’s got good heft to it. A new kink, fighting baddies with Spider-Man, and now a brand new handgun? Today couldn’t get better if it tried.

Wade pries open another crate, predictably enough containing ammo clips, loads the gun and sticks it down the back of his sopping wet pants. Then, forgetting all about hiding, he stands up and calls, ‘Hey, Spidey! And cops! These guys weren’t just smuggling people, they were smuggling weapons too! You might wanna step carefully back here, though. I just took a piss on the floor.’

Everyone stares at him for a moment. Then five guns are drawn on him, and he puts up his hands. ‘Aw, come on! Help me out here, Spidey?’

Spider-Man just slaps his palm to his forehead and shakes his head exasperatedly.

Right about now’s probably a good time to get out of here.

There’s a window on the wall above the crates. ‘Okay. I’ll just be leaving now.’ All the guns go off as Wade leaps onto one of the crates, swings up onto another, grabs onto the window sill and hoists himself outside. One of the bullets nicked his shoulder, but it’ll heal. Deadpool vanishes into the night, leaving only the occasional drop of urine behind.

*002*2015-09-18 01:00

{{: 

Holy shit, I totally regret welcoming you to this site because you're just here to upstage me in male omorashi writing! You fiend!

No, but, in all seriousness, this was great and I'm actually totally glad there's someone else here who writes about male characters, especially of the comic variety. And especially with this good quality!!!

}}

Thank you so much! I'm totally super happy you liked it, and more than a little flattered. :)

*004*2015-09-18 11:47

{{: 

Duuuuude! I love it! I love how you did it, I love how made Deadpool seem a little crazy, I love how you did the wetting, I love that you wrote Marvel, I love it all!

}}

Thank you!! I'm so pleased to find that people like my work! <3 Got a really awesome comment on this on AO3 as well, so I'm kind of over the moon right now. ^_^

If I'm permitted a shameless self-plug, this fic plus other (non-omo) stuff can be found at ArchiveOfOurOwn

, and I also post original fiction of the LGBT variety to GayAuthors.Com

. I also posted an original yaoi bdsm desperation thing (which is basically a chapter of a longer story I'm working on) here the other day, if anyone wants to give it some love... I think it's lonely. :P

*squeeeeee*

*006*2015-09-18 21:40

{{: 

I have to admit, while not interested in male stuff, the idea of being able to hold with no possibility of damage is fascinating. I wonder how much I could hold in if I could just ignore the pressure between my legs and the pain in my kidneys once it gets more extreme.

}}

Yeah, a through the roof healing factor would be pretty cool... Like, you could blow up your kidneys and be fine the next day. Ow, though. Then again, Deadpool stabs himself for fun, so I guess he doesn't really mind the ow. :P

*008*2015-09-18 21:44

{{: 

Cheerful Masochist Deadpool. i didn't know i needed this until just now

}}

I think this is something I'm going to write a lot more of, so watch this space, I guess. :P

*010*2015-09-18 22:02

{{: 

Well the kidneys would never actually explode unless he like, tied his dick shut. A urinary sphincter is much weaker than any internal organ.

}}

Honestly, I wouldn't put it past Deadpool to superglue his urethra... Again, ow.

*012*2015-09-22 23:21

{{: 

Whoa. I adore Deadpool for his craziness, but I was skeptical of a desperation fic with him. But you had me from the beginning. SO in character. So perfect. So much fun and crazy and hot too. I totally didn't expect it to be that hot. *G* Thanks for writing & sharing! Whoa.

}}

Thank you so much! I'm overjoyed that you liked it! <3

*013*2015-09-25 22:48

So, I've decided to continue this story, but the rest of it probably won't be especially omo-related. There may be omo-bits eventually, but I just don't know. I've posted the second chapter to AO3

, but don't know if I should continue posting it here or not. Opinions?

*014*2015-09-28 23:18

I've decided to keep posting the story here, omo or no. Who knows, someone who doesn't frequent AO3 might want to read it, right? And there might still be more omo, it just has to feel... natural, I guess.

###

Chapter 2

Wade stares out the window of his NYC apartment. It made sense to get a place, now that he’s working with Spidey so much, learning to be a hero. He considered living it up in swanky hotels, as it’s not like he couldn’t afford it with all the cash he’s got stashed away in offshore accounts, but in the end he’s never felt at home in places like that, not really. So he found himself a slummy apartment in the Bronx. Bare brick walls, damp and dry rot are more his style.

Down on the street below, an old drunk has just pissed himself. Not in the fun, sexy way, but in the stinky, passed-out-and-drooling way. A scabby stray cat is sniffing around him in mild interest. It’s that nice and quiet part of the evening, after curfew for most kids, but before hard-core crime starts happening.

‘So, what are we doing today then, Brain?’ Wade asks the quiet.

Same thing we do every day.

Mayhem!

No, we’re helping Spider-Man with—

Mayhem!!

Yeah, okay, mayhem.

‘Mayhem it is.’

Wade turns his back on the scene. Time to get suited up and head out there. Admittedly, after the other night, mayhem might not be the best way to win Spider-Man’s approval, but what’s life without a little risk? Plus, a good fight might be fun.

###

‘You idiot!’ Peter’s fists are clenched at his side. He’s fighting the urge to punch Deadpool in the nose. It’s not going very well. ‘Do you have any idea how close you came to blowing the whole thing?’

‘Hey! How about giving me some credit for once?’ Deadpool yells, talking over him. ‘I didn’t kill anyone! Well, except for that one guy, but he was about to shoot you in the back. Those cops shot at me, and I didn’t fire a single bullet at them!’

Peter shakes his head in disbelief. ‘You’re asking for credit for not shooting any cops? Are you insane?’

‘Since you’re asking, yes, clearly!’ Deadpool shoots back. ‘Duh!’

There’s a pause, during which Deadpool begins pacing back and forth, and Peter is conflicted between anger and pity mixed with guilt. After all, he knows Deadpool isn’t all there, and in spite of that he still somehow trusts him to have his back.

Deadpool’s muttering to himself under his breath now. ‘I fucking know! But how am I supposed to—Shut up!—Does it actually matter anyway? Not like this plot is going anywhere . . .’

Peter sighs heavily. ‘Look. Wade.’ The sound of his given name causes Deadpool to stop pacing, and he turns his head to look at Peter. ‘I just need you to understand that you messed up, okay?’

‘Okay! Fine! I’m sorry I alerted the cops to my presence, blah blah blah. I’m not sorry I killed that trafficker, though, cause he was gonna kill you, and I won’t let anyone kill you.’

If Peter wasn’t so annoyed, he’d be slightly moved by this. As it is he feels mostly uncomfortable. It’s not the first time Deadpool exhibits protectiveness over him. ‘Whatever,’ he sighs. ‘Just . . . Try not to do it again?’

‘I’m always trying.’ Deadpool takes a step forward. ‘So, does this mean we’re amazing friends again?’

Peter doesn’t know how to respond to this. He wouldn’t exactly call Deadpool his friend. But the merc’s voice has a hopeful note to it that puts Peter in mind of an over-sized puppy, and so he says, ‘. . . Sure. Yeah.’

He wasn’t expecting Deadpool to hug him, but that’s what happens, so against his better judgment he pats him awkwardly on the back. Deadpool hugs him tighter.

‘Kiss and make up?’ he murmurs in Peter’s ear, and to his own great surprise Peter feels something flutter in the pit of his stomach.

‘No,’ says Peter softly.

‘Aww, come on!’ Deadpool’s embrace tightens further.

‘I said, no!’ Peter’s anger flares up without warning, and before he has time to register what he’s doing, the movement his fist was preparing for earlier just kind of happens, and he punches Deadpool square in the jaw, sending him sprawling.

‘Ooh, good one!’ Deadpool pants, sitting up. ‘Do that again?’

Realising he just gave Deadpool exactly what he wanted, Peter feels his face heat up, and he’s grateful for his mask, not for the first time. He tries for aloofness. ‘Just get up. We’ve got work to do.’

‘I love it when you take charge, baby boy,’ Deadpool purrs and gets to his feet. ‘So, what’s the plan? Any Spidey-senses tingling?’

Peter rolls his eyes. ‘That’s not really how it works. But, this is New York City. We head off in a random direction, and sooner or later someone will shout for help.’

Deadpool puts a hand on his shoulder, and Peter thinks better of shrugging it off. ‘Well, what are we waiting for, then? We’ve got crime to fight!’ says Deadpool cheerfully.

###

But, this isn’t mayhem!

‘What do you mean? This is an awesome fight!’ Wade cries happily, beating a mugger over the head with the flat of his blade. The man drops like a tonne of bricks. His partner is running in the opposite direction. He’s dropped his knife. Fucking amateur.

The traffickers were more fun, his brain informs him matter-of-factly, while Spider-Man leaps after the other mugger.

‘Yeah, but get a load of Spidey’s ass!’

‘I’ll thank you,’ says Spider-Man, shooting a web at the escaping mugger, tripping him up, ‘not to comment on my anatomy to . . . whomever it is you talk to.’

Note to selves: do not talk about Spidey’s ass out loud when he can hear.

‘Where’s the fun in that?’ Wade grins. ‘Hey, you okay webbing these guys up on your own, Spider-Man? Gotta take a leak.’

Spider-Man makes a non-committal noise as he shoots another web to cover the mugger’s babbling mouth; something about ‘please don’t kill me I’ve never done this before’.

As if we’d waste a bullet on the likes of them.

Gotta be honest, though. Kinda jealous that Spidey isn’t shooting great loads of white stuff at us.

Wade chuckles as he wets up against a nearby dumpster. He’s been holding it in again, and it comes in a hard, yellow stream, but the holding wasn’t as much fun as last time. Mostly he was just starting to feel annoyed. Of course, if Spider-Man were less busy tying up criminals he’d probably be upset with him for, like, littering or something.

Public urination?

Indecent exposure.

‘Whatever. Not like anyone would notice. Like wetting in the sea.’ He tucks himself back inside his pants and turns around to find the criminals all webbed up and hanging from a lamp post. ‘Where next, Spidey baby?’

Spider-Man scratches the back of his neck and looks up at the barely visible night sky. ‘I think maybe we should call it a night. I’ve got an early start tomorrow.’

‘Doing what?’ Wade takes a couple of steps closer, head cocked to one side.

‘Nothing important.’ Spidey shakes his head. ‘Hate to say it, Wade, but you did pretty good tonight.’

Wade blinks. A warm feeling seems to spread from somewhere in the region of his solar plexus, via his chest and stomach and out into every limb. A warmth that has nothing to do with, say, grave injuries or cancer.

He praised us! Did he praise us? He did, didn’t he? He praised us! We did good!

‘I . . . It was no big deal.’

Yeah, it was, it was a huge deal. Take a compliment like a man, Wilson!

’Shut up!’ Wade mutters. Then he clears his throat. ‘I mean, yeah, thanks. Hey, we should get tacos! Or, or something else, but, like food!’

Spider-Man shifts slightly, and once again Wade wishes he could see his face so he could guess at what he’s thinking.

In the comics, the mask has facial expressions.

This isn’t the comics, though.

Man, I don’t know what this is.

‘I dunno, Deadpool. Maybe some other time. I’m kind of beat.’

Wade tries not to let his disappointment register in his voice. ‘Okay, yeah. Some other time.’ He checks his weapons absentmindedly, making sure they’re all secured and where they’re supposed to be. With slightly exaggerated cheer he says, ’Guess I’ll see you soon, my amazing friend!’ Then he sets off out of the alley at a trot.

Spider-Man’s voice follows after a slight delay. ’See ya.’

###

Heading home in the wee hours of the morning (once he’s sure Deadpool has done the same and isn’t following, because he still doesn’t trust him with his secret identity), Peter wonders vaguely if there will come a day when he and Wade Wilson won’t be at odds with one another. He’s agreed to help him, agreed to let him join him on his nightly patrols, and for the life of him he’s been unable to figure out why he agreed in the first place. He talks to himself, his incessant flirting makes Peter deeply uncomfortable, and he needs to be told not to kill people. That’s not exactly hero material.

Deadpool is dangerous. Peter knows that. He’s unpredictable and a complete liability. There are several (really good and compelling) reasons why no one in the superhero community will work with him. For all that, though, he seems earnest, like he really wants to be a hero, even if it’s for the wrong reasons (and at this point Peter isn’t sure they actually are the wrong reasons—after all, does it really matter why you do good as long as you do it?), and Peter is unable to turn his back on that.

Not to mention his efforts in helping Peter fight the Chameleon last year. How messed up is it that Deadpool was the only one Peter could really trust then? The only one who could help . . .

He shakes the thought, swinging from one building to the next. This arrangement is working. That’s the only thing that matters. Wade didn’t even mortally wound anyone tonight. As much as he shouldn’t deserve credit for that, he kind of still does. He’s doing a good job. He’s learning. In the end, isn’t that all Peter can ask?

*015*2015-10-02 12:22

Contains violence, swearing, suicidality-but-not-really, masturbation and a lot of voices in Wade's head. Plus masochism.

###

Chapter 3

Spider-Man doesn’t like us.

He didn’t want tacos.

Exactly. Who doesn’t want tacos? He hates us, just like everybody else does.

‘For fuck’s sake,’ Wade groans, ‘will you quit it with the angsty emo bullshit already? It doesn’t matter! I don’t expect him to like me.’

The chair Wade is sitting in was salvaged from a junkyard, one of the few pieces of furniture in his apartment. It’s full of mystery stains, and all the febreeze in the world couldn’t make it not smell like ass, but it’s comfortable enough. Less so when his mind refuses to leave him alone, though.

Face it Wilson. No matter how much we want to be a hero, no one will ever accept us as one.

Wade sighs exasperatedly. ‘Seriously, do I have to blow my own brains out to get some peace and quiet around here?’

Probably.

‘Fine!’ Wade stands up from his chair abruptly and stalks over to his weapons locker, next to the mattress he (sometimes) sleeps on. He pulls out the shiny new handgun he lifted from that crate in the trafficking ring’s warehouse, releases the safety, and presses the barrel to the underside of his chin.

Really? We’re actually doing this?

‘Half an hour of blissful silence while my brain grows back? Worth it.’ He pulls the trigger.

###

His first conscious thought is that it’s going to be a total bitch to clean the brain matter off the ceiling. The second is that the soreness in his jaw where the bone is resetting feels kind of good. The third is the realisation that it’s light outside, which means he’s been out for a couple of hours. The equivalent of a good night’s sleep for him. He feels strangely rejuvenated as he sits up from where he fell on the floor.

Wade feels the back of his head. It’s a little squishy still, but otherwise healed. He gets to his feet with a groan and a stretch and walks to the bathroom. He glances at himself in the grimy mirror, just long enough to see that his jaw and neck are splattered with dried blood. A shower, then.

He listens while he gets undressed, listens to his mind. It’s quiet. Wade opens the cabinet above the sink, more to not have to see his own reflection than anything else. He finds a rusted razor blade on a shelf inside.

‘Is it still self-harm if you don’t actually take any harm from it?’ he wonders out loud, picking up the razor blade. There’s no reply. ‘So, my brain’s giving me the silent treatment, is that it?’ He cuts a gash across his chest with the razor and watches it heal over flawlessly, leaving the same scarred and blotchy skin behind. It seems like an oxymoron that his healing factor can heal any new wound he gets without leaving a mark, but can’t put his skin back the way it used to be.

Wade gets in the shower. The water shifts between boiling and freezing. Old shitty pipes in an old shitty building. Still, the changes in temperature are oddly stimulating. He cleans off the blood and grime, until the water pooling in the bottom of the tub is rust coloured and opaque.

With no one to talk to and no interruptions, Wade’s mind wanders and eventually ends up in the only logical place: thinking about Spider-Man. Wade has seen the lower part of his face exposed, so he knows him to have fair skin and pink, soft-looking lips. He’s even felt that smooth skin under his fingertips, when he changed their costumes around last year. It’s more than enough to work with, and he takes himself in hand.

It’s been a while, so it doesn’t take very long, not when he’s imagining Spidey’s pink lips on his body, and he comes with a gasp.

Fuck yeah, Spidey, suck my hard cock, bitch!

‘Knew it was too good to be true,’ Wade mutters, cleaning the cum off his hand in the shower stream. ‘And don’t talk about Spider-Man that way, okay? He’s nobody’s bitch.’

Dat ass, though.

Dat ass!

‘Dat ass,’ Wade agrees wistfully.

He turns off the water and gets out of the shower. If he stays in his apartment all day he’ll just end up blowing his own brains out again, in all its futility, so he dresses in civvies—jeans and a Captain America hoodie to cover as much of his face as possible without his mask—and steps outside into the brisk, autumnal New York morning. Breakfast is definitely the way to go. Preferably pancakes.

###

So, we get off on violence, we get off on the adrenaline high of a good fight. That’s old news. But pain?

Dude, pain sucks!

‘Hey, don’t ask me to explain it,’ Wade mutters to himself as he strolls through the streets of Manhattan. ‘I’m not a shrink.’ A few people look at him curiously. (Probably tourists—real New Yorkers are damn near pathological about minding their own business.) In this day and age of bluetooth, you’d think people would be used to other people seemingly talking to themselves.

A need to feel, perhaps? A way to battle the boring numbness and repetitiveness of invulnerability.

We’re not invulnerable, doofus, we just heal real fast.

Wade stops in front of a news stand. The Bugle has a way too good picture of Spider-Man on the front page, under some headline about masked vigilantes and how they’re bad for New York.

But giving ourselves pain isn’t really enough, is it? Logical next step: wanting someone else to give us pain. Hence goading Spider-Man into that punch last night.

He picks up the paper and scans the front page without really reading. ’A gamble. Either I’d have gotten that kiss, which would have been awesome, or he would have punched me, which, also pretty awesome.’ Wade sighs and puts the paper back, resuming his aimless ramble. ‘Man, I’d like to spar with him . . . If you know what I mean.’

Ooh, we should do that next time we see him!

It’s better if it’s natural, though. If we piss him off first so he doesn’t hold back.

‘He’ll always hold back. Hero, remember?’

He stops at a hotdog stand. It hasn’t been long since breakfast, but then again, hotdogs. No other reason needed, really. Setting off again he munches the hotdog happily. Nothing like meat in his mouth to cheer him up.

So, if we’re into pain . . . Does that mean when we get turned on after a fight, it’s really the pain that turns us on?

Fighting turns us on whether we get injured or not.

True enough.

Wade ignores his boxes and instead focuses on savouring the taste of cheap yellow mustard. The mustard’s his favourite part. If he adds enough it makes his nose tingle.

He takes the subway. Not because he wants to go anywhere in particular, but because it feels like the thing to do. Days are boring. Days usually involve watching TV, but his new place doesn’t have one yet.

‘Maybe I should buy a TV.’

Buy a TV? You mean, spend money on one? Why?

Because heroes don’t steal. Duh. Heroes pay for stuff.

Seems like a waste of money . . .

Wade’s thoughts are interrupted when he hears a scuffle towards the back of a subway car. Three tall, burly teenage boys are surrounding a third, smaller one. One of them shoves the kid backwards into a seat while another cracks his knuckles menacingly at him. By the looks of them, they should all be in high school. Cutting class, no doubt.

Wade stands up and saunters over to the group, listening in on their conversation.

‘You either pay up or we take it out in blood, shrimp!’ the closest one growls.

‘B-but,’ the smaller kid stutters, ‘I haven’t got any money! Y-you took it all last week, and I won’t get any more until—’

‘Shut up!’ the one who shoved him snaps, and lands a punch in the kid’s stomach. The victim lets out an ‘Oof!’ as the air is knocked out of him, and screws up his brown eyes, a few tears streaming down his cheeks. He swats them away with a brown hand.

‘Aww, widdle baby!’ the third of his tormentors taunts.

‘Hey!’ says Wade cheerfully, clapping his hand down on the shoulder of the closest bully. ‘Just a suggestion, but I really think you guys should leave the kid alone.’

‘Oh yeah?’ The largest of the bullies squares his shoulders. ‘And who’s gonna make us?’

‘I am!’ says Wade, smiling.

‘You and whose army?’ one of the others asks.

Wade drops his hood. Two of the bullies recoil in horror as his bald, scarred head is revealed, but the third, the largest, stands his ground.

‘Motherfucker!’ he exclaims. ‘Did you get hit by the ugly train, or what?’

‘Oh,’ says Wade, unfazed, ‘you wanna know how I got like this? Let me show you!’ He reaches down the back of his jeans and pulls out his handgun. Without blinking, he releases the safety and presses the barrel to the bully’s forehead.

The change is instantaneous. Every hint of bravado vanishes from his face. His blue eyes go wide and scared, and he starts trembling.

‘No! God, please, no, I don’t wanna die!’

‘Apologise,’ says Wade calmly.

‘All right! I’m sorry, I’m sorry! Please don’t kill me!’ the boy sobs, real tears streaming down his face. Judging by the smell, he’s already shit himself. The subway train slows, pulling into a station.

Wade lifts his gun and says, ‘Get the fuck out of here!’ As the bullies run off the train like bats out of hell, Wade calmly puts the safety back on and returns the gun to its make-shift holster. The subway doors close and the train starts moving again, and Wade looks down at the kid on the floor.

The boy looks up at him with wide chocolate eyes. He looks scared.

‘Don’t worry. I wasn’t really gonna shoot him,’ says Wade, pulling his hood back up and returning his face to shadow. ‘I don’t kill kids, even if they deserve it. That’s just not me.’

He turns away and starts walking back towards his seat. By the looks of the handful of passengers who witnessed the scene, though, he should probably get off at the first opportunity, before someone thinks to call the cops.

‘Hey,’ says a quavery voice behind him. ‘H-hey, mister!’

Wade stops and turns his head to look at the kid, who’s now picked himself up off the floor and is dusting himself off.

‘Th-thanks,’ the kid stutters, and a blush creeps into his cheeks.

Wade is so surprised by this it takes him a moment to find his voice. Once he does, he says, ‘No problem, kid. You, uh . . . You stay in school, okay?’

The train pulls into the next station, and Wade gets off quickly, disappearing into the crowd of commuters.

*016*2015-10-03 10:31

Chapter 4

Spider-Man is reading from his phone. ‘Eye witnesses report a heavily scarred man in a Captain America sweatshirt threatening three teenagers with a gun on the subway near Central Park North around noon today. “They were bullying a fourth kid,” one witness told reporters, “so I didn’t really feel too bad for them. It’s not like anyone actually got shot.” Allegedly, the unidentified man scared the three teens away before vanishing himself. “He was pretty gruesome looking,” one blogger reports. “He wouldn’t have needed to use the gun, as just his face seemed enough to scare the pants off the boys.” NYPD spokespersons declined to comment on whether New York’s finest are following up on the incident.’ He looks up at Wade. ‘You wouldn’t happen to know anything about this, would you?’

They’re standing on a rooftop, because where else can an arachnid superhuman and a heavily armed mercenary meet without attracting attention? It’s a little past midnight, and Wade fidgets uncomfortably under Spider-Man’s gaze.

Gruesome looking, huh? Well, at least they’re honest.

Someone’s on our side. Didn’t feel bad for the bullies. We did a good thing!

Sure about that? Spidey doesn’t sound too happy, does he?

‘Shut up!’ Wade growls under his breath.

‘Excuse me?’ says Spider-Man in a casual tone.

Wade scratches his cheek through his mask absentmindedly. ’Nothing. Um . . . Helluva thing to do, threatening kids with a gun, huh?’

Spider-Man crosses his arms, hip jutting out at an angle. He looks strict, and more than a little bit hot. ‘Deadpool,’ he says slowly, in the kind of voice a parent might use with a misbehaving child. That tone conveys it all.

Don’t say anything! Don’t give yourself away! Spider-Man will be pissed.

‘They were beating on a little guy, pressing him for money!’ Wade whines.

Idiot.

I wash my hands of him.

Spider-Man sighs heavily. ‘That’s no reason to pull a gun on them.’

‘I wasn’t gonna shoot!’ Wade argues. ‘I just wanted to put the fear of Bob into those little fucks. They were bad guys. Today it’s shaking down a kid for his lunch money, tomorrow it’s robbing banks! But I don’t kill kids. Scout’s honour! I would never have pulled that trigger, you gotta believe me, baby boy!’

Spider-Man uncrosses his arms and relaxes his stance a little bit. ‘You know, SHIELD and all those guys will be able to put two and two together just as well as I did, and they’re not gonna believe you were never gonna shoot. As far as they’re concerned, you’re a ruthless killer.’

They kind of have a point. We are a ruthless killer.

‘Which is why,’ Spider-Man continues, ‘you can’t do crap like that. People like us, we have to be above reproach, especially those of us who haven’t got multi-billion-dollar corporations or government organisations at our backs.’

Wade’s shoulders slump slightly. ’Are . . . Are you mad?’ he asks in a voice so small it surprises even himself.

For fuck’s sake. If you had a tail it would be between your legs. Man up!

Spider-Man heaves another sigh. ‘I should be, shouldn’t I?’ he mutters, more to himself than to Wade, it seems. ‘But honestly, I get why you did it. I wouldn’t have done it like that, but I couldn’t have just stood by and watched a kid being bullied either, so . . . No, I’m not mad.’

‘Really?’ Wade asks hopefully.

And now that non-existent tail is wagging. You’re like an overgrown puppy. Get a hold of yourself, Wilson!

How come we sometimes talk about ourselves in first person plural and sometimes in second person singular? When we’re not talking out loud in first person singular, of course.

Wade shakes his head slightly, trying to pull his focus away from the boxes and place it on Spider-Man.

‘Really,’ he’s saying. ‘But if we’re gonna keep this thing up, you gotta promise me not to do something like that again, okay?’

Wade nods wildly, grinning. ‘Okay! Sure, absolutely! No scaring non-criminals with guns in broad daylight. I can do that.’

Spider-Man gives a curt nod, then stills. ‘Something’s going on. About three blocks that way.’ He points, walking to the edge of the roof. He shoots a sling of web at the next building over, preparing to jump.

‘Give me a ride?’ Wade asks hopefully, but Spider-Man shakes his head.

‘I’m gonna find out what’s going on. Head straight East. I’ll wait for you.’ Then he leaps.

Wade wastes no time running the three blocks, checking his weapons as he goes.

Spider-Man isn’t mad at us! How is that not the most amazing thing you’ve ever heard?

‘It is pretty awesome,’ Wade admits. ‘Maybe he likes me after all?’

He rounds a corner and Spider-Man drops down in front of him.

‘Armed robbery,’ he says.

‘Hello to you too, sweetie-pie,’ says Wade.

Spider-Man just continues like Wade hadn’t said anything. ‘Three guys with guns holding up a twenty-four hour store. There are six civilians inside, including the clerk. One bad guy has the customers up against the back wall with his gun on them. The other two are by the register. There’s a ventilation shaft out into an alley. I’ll sneak in through there and incapacitate the one threatening the customers. You go in the front door and distract the other two. The safety of the clerk is your priority, got it? And no killing!’

‘You are so hot right now,’ Wade leers. ‘Okay, go in, distract the bad guys, look out for the clerk and don’t kill anyone. That about cover it?’

Spider-Man nods.

‘I love being the Robin to your Batman, Spidey!’

‘My what?’

Dude, wrong universe!

‘Nothing.’

Spider-Man gives a slight shake of the head, like he’s trying to clear it. ‘After I go in, give me ten seconds and then enter the store, okay?’

‘Gotcha.’

Spider-Man crawls up a wall and vanishes. Wade dutifully counts to ten, and then strolls towards the entrance to the store at a leisurely pace. He opens the door with the jingle of a bell. It’s easy to spot the bad guys. They’re all carrying guns and all wearing ski-masks. Two of them are over by the register, where a young man in his early twenties is filling up a bag with cash at gunpoint. Wade can just about see the third guy at the back, standing in front of a line of civilians who are stood with their backs against the shelves, four men and one woman.

‘Hey!’ says a sharp voice from over by the register. ‘Who the fuck are you?’

‘Just a customer,’ says Wade innocently, without looking up. He pretends to browse the magazine rack, picking up one that has an oiled up, tanned and muscled man in very little clothing on the front. ‘Man, when I was a kid magazines only objectified women,’ he tuts. ‘What is the world coming to, huh? One minute you think it’s safe to be a creepy, sexist swine, and all of a sudden folks with vaginas demand equality. What’s that all about?’

He hears the click of a hammer being pulled back and looks up. One of the bad guys has his gun trained on him. It’s a semi-automatic pistol. The magazine will hold ten 9mm rounds. The gun pointed at the clerk is the same. Twenty potential bullet wounds.

‘Hey, now!’ Wade says cheerfully, putting the magazine back on the rack and raising his hands in a placating gesture. ‘Is that any way to treat a potential customer? Seems I may have to speak to the manager.’

Out of the corner of his eye, Wade spots something red and blue dropping from the ceiling, and he takes a stride towards the register.

A loud bang echoes through the store as the guy with his gun on Wade fires. The bullet hits Wade straight in his black and red clad chest, and he feels it rip through his lung, fracturing a rib on the way.

Bastard!

We’re gonna have to have the suit fixed. Again.

‘Ow!’ Wade croaks and coughs. ‘What the fuck, dude, was that really necessary?’ He touches a gloved hand to his chest and it comes away wet with blood.

‘What the hell?’ The man fires two more rounds at him. They both hit home, one in his shoulder and the other in his abdomen. It hurts a bitch, but that doesn’t matter right now. From the corner of his eye, Wade registers that Spider-Man’s taken out the third guy. Good. That means he can have fun now.

Wade pulls his own gun and aims it at the second man, who’s still covering the clerk. Stupidly, the man takes his gun off his hostage and points it at Wade instead, just like Wade had hoped. The clerk ducks down behind the counter. Smart kid. Probably not his first armed robbery. Grinning, Wade aims for the bad guy’s leg and fires. He howls with pain and actually drops his weapon.

‘Seriously? One bullet and you’re down? Pussy.’ Wade shakes his head.

The last man standing swears loudly, and empties his clip into Wade, who has to take a few steps back with the sheer force of the bullets. The last one hits his right forearm, and Wade loses the grip on his gun as the muscle spasms. It’s okay, though. Spider-Man’s here to save him.

Sneaking up behind him, Spidey taps the guy’s shoulder and clears his throat. The man spins around, pointing his empty gun at the superhero, as though it will do him any good at all.

‘You know, you really shouldn’t have shot my friend,’ says Spider-Man conversationally. Then he somersaults backwards, aiming a swift kick at the bad guy’s stomach that sends him sprawling.

While Spider-Man webs the two criminals up with their fallen comrade in the back of the store, Wade’s mind is an endless chorus of, He called us his friend! He called us his friend! He called us his friend!

He picks his gun up off the floor and holsters it. The movement causes him to wince. His gunshot wounds are already healing, but they’re still sore as hell. He watches Spider-Man check on the civilians before he comes over to where Wade stands by the door.

‘Everyone else is okay,’ Spider-Man informs him. ‘No injuries or anything. The only one who got shot is you.’

Wade grins. ‘Glad to hear it!’ He coughs, the metallic taste of blood blooming on his tongue.

‘You okay?’ If Wade didn’t know better he’d almost mistake the tone of Spider-Man’s voice for concern.

Wade waves a hand dismissively. ‘Fine, fine! I’ll be all healed up in no time.’

Spider-Man nods. ‘We should get out of here. The police should be here soon.’

They leave the store, cheers and applause following them, and Spider-Man pauses on the sidewalk, looking around as if to assess his surroundings.

‘A quick escape would be best,’ he says after a moment, and without warning he scoops Wade up in a fireman’s lift and, shooting a string of web onto a lamp post, starts swinging them out of there.

What are we, Lois Lane?

‘Why, Mister Spidey,’ says Wade in a sing-song falsetto and fake southern accent, ‘I do believe you mean to sweep me off my feet!’ To his immense surprise and gratification, Spider-Man chuckles softly at this.

They land on a rooftop not far from where they began, and Spider-Man sets Wade gently down on his feet.

‘Spider-Man, my hero!’ Wade says happily, mock swooning.

‘You sure you’re okay?’ Spider-Man asks, and there’s no mistaking it now, that’s definitely concern in his voice.

‘Hey, I injure myself worse than this for fun,’ says Wade with a grin. ‘This is nothing. See?’ He pulls up his sleeve, showing Spider-Man where the last bullet hit. There’s no sign there was ever a bullet wound there. ‘All healed!’

‘Well, that’s good,’ says Spider-Man. ‘You did really well today, Wade. You helped resolve the situation without killing anyone, and without putting innocents at unnecessary risk. You did good.’

Wade grins from ear to ear. That warm feeling is back, spreading through his body, from his chest to the tips of his fingers and toes. Without giving it much thought, he pulls his mask up to his nose and kisses Spider-Man’s masked cheek. ‘Thank you,’ he whispers, and then he steps back and laughs happily, because Spider-Man called him his friend tonight, and he said he did well, and right now everything’s pretty perfect. In fact, only one thing could make this moment better.

‘Tacos!’ Wade exclaims. ‘Come on, Spidey-widey, the night is still young!’

Spider-Man shakes his head and gives another soft chuckle, like earlier. ‘Sure, Wade,’ he says. ‘Let’s have tacos.’

*017*2015-10-06 21:31

Chapter 5

Peter stuffs his coursework into his bag as his fellow students file out of the auditorium. He shoulders his bag and is about to follow them when his Physics professor speaks.

‘Parker?’ She looks at him over the top of her glasses. ‘Could I see you for a moment?’

Peter walks over to her desk, where she’s packing books and papers into her briefcase. ‘Yes, professor?’

‘You’re very gifted,’ she says, stopping to study his face, ‘but I can’t quite shake the feeling that you’re not really applying yourself. If you worked a little harder, studied a little more, you’d outshine everyone else easily.’

Peter feels himself blush. ‘Sorry, professor,’ he mutters. ‘I really do my best, but I have . . . a lot of responsibilities.’

‘I realise that. It’s just sad to see such a talented young man not reach his full potential. Know what I mean?’

‘Yes, ma’am.’

She gives him a penetrating stare. ‘All right. I won’t keep you. See you on Friday.’

‘Yeah. See ya.’

Peter trots out of the auditorium with a sigh. She’s right, of course, but between his job and being Spider-Man, he has limited time to study, and on top of that he now has to babysit a hyperactive, schizoid, former mercenary wannabe hero. It’s a wonder he even makes it to lectures anymore. College is hard enough even when you’re not juggling a secret identity.

Deadpool’s getting so much better, though, Peter muses as he leaves the building. The past couple of weeks have passed almost without incident, and he’s helped make Peter’s patrols much more efficient. Peter’s gotten used to having him around, and where he used to feel uncomfortable with Deadpool’s flirting, the banter now flows freely.

He’s done with his lectures for today, so he heads home to his apartment. Peter wishes he had time to just chill out for a couple of hours, but he’s got photos to sort through and lecture notes to read, and there’s that math formula he still can’t seem to wrap his head around, and then he’s got work before he’s meeting Deadpool for patrol. Oh, and he should call Aunt May, cause he hasn’t talked to her in a while and she’s probably fretting. He sighs, thinking, not for the first time, that he’s stretching himself too thin. At least he’s only got two semesters left in college. Of course, after that comes graduate school. No rest for the wicked.

###

Deadpool flips one of the assailants over on his back and steps on his chest, knocking the air from his lungs. Another comes at him from the side and, without really looking, Deadpool pulls one of his sidearms and points it at the man.

‘You sure you wanna do that?’

Peter is busy with his own two guys. He knocks one out with a well-aimed kick to the head, turning to focus on the other one, a tall blonde man in a tan leather jacket. He seems to be the one in charge, if there is such a thing in a group of guys trying to rape a young woman.

He heard her scream just as he and Deadpool were about to call it a night. They found her badly beaten on the ground in an alley, with one of her assailants standing over her with his belt undone (the blonde one Peter’s currently fighting) and the other three standing around watching gleefully. This kind of thing makes Peter feel angry in a way that few other crimes can. It filled him with such an immense fury that he almost wanted to tell Wade to screw all his previous admonitions and murder the crap out of these guys. Judging by Deadpool’s furious shout as he jumped into the fray he’s scarcely less angry than Peter, though he has so far refrained from actually killing anyone, for which Peter knows he will in hindsight be grateful.

Now he leaps up onto a nearby wall in order to flank his opponent. Blondie isn’t fast enough, and Peter lands a kick to his side, knocking him off balance. Out of the corner of his eye he sees Deadpool pull a second gun, pointing it at the guy on the ground.

‘Either of you try to run away, I will shoot you,’ the merc says softly.

Peter aims a punch at Blondie’s shoulder, causing him to cry out, and then he shoots a large web that wraps itself around his body. Blondie falls over and the fight is essentially over.

Deadpool brings his two guys over to Peter at gunpoint, and Peter webs them all together. He’s too angry for quips or one-liners. Instead he leans in close to Blondie’s face and hisses, ‘Next time you decide to assault a defenceless person, remember that this is my town, and no one gets sexually assaulted in my town if I can help it!’

He webs them all to a nearby dumpster before walking over to the girl, who’s on the ground with her back against a wall, sobbing. She’s got long, brown hair and olive skin. Her knee-long skirt is torn and bruises are forming on her face and her bare arms.

‘Hey,’ says Peter softly, crouching down before her. ‘The police are on their way, okay? You’re safe now.’

‘Yeah,’ says Wade, and his tone is so kind and gentle that Peter looks up at him in surprise, ‘those guys can’t hurt you now. Spidey here’s got them all tied up, see? Everything will be just fine.’

The girl looks up at them with wide green eyes. She chokes back a sob and takes a deep breath. ‘Th-thank you, Spider-Man,’ she says in a shaky voice. ‘And . . . And you.’ Her eyes fall upon Deadpool’s white lenses. ‘Thank you. If you guys hadn’t arrived when you did . . .’ She shudders. ‘You saved my life. Or at least my . . . My . . .’ She swallows and looks away again.

Peter can hear the approaching sound of sirens growing louder and gets to his feet again. He looks over at Wade, whose eyes are still on the girl on the ground. ‘Cops are coming,’ Peter says softly. ‘Rooftop, two blocks south?’

Deadpool nods, finally looking away. ‘Yeah, okay. See you there.’ Then he slinks into the shadows, just as the first police car pulls up to the kerb.

###

‘Is she okay?’ are the first words out of Deadpool’s infamous mouth when Peter lands on the agreed-upon rooftop.

‘She’s pretty shaken, but she should be fine eventually. At least we managed to stop them from . . . you know.’

‘Yeah,’ says Wade darkly. ‘Fucking bastard motherfuckers.’

Peter shakes his head. ‘If I could ever think killing someone was justified . . .’ He trails off. Glancing at Wade, he can tell that he’s smiling under his mask.

‘I know, right?’ he says, but it doesn’t seem to be directed at Peter. ‘Man, didn’t think I could love this guy any more than I already did.’

Peter looks away again, blushing under his mask. As much as he’s always considered himself straight, he can’t pretend that he doesn’t feel flattered by Deadpool’s repeated advances and words of affection. He clears his throat. ‘That doesn’t mean I give you leave to kill them,’ he says, trying to keep the amusement out of his voice.

‘Of course not,’ says Deadpool at once. ‘No un-aliving criminals, even if they are worthless, rapist scum. Hope to die.’ He draws an X across his chest.

Peter nods. He feels suddenly exhausted, the adrenaline of the fight wearing off. He has an early lecture tomorrow, and he groans internally, realising how little sleep he’ll be getting. Again.

‘You okay, Spidey?’ says Deadpool, bringing Peter out of his thoughts.

‘Yeah, fine.’

Deadpool regards him through his white lenses for a few moments. ‘You know what I think you need?’

Knowing Deadpool, no doubt it’s something lewd, but Peter still says, ‘What?’

‘You need a night off!’

Peter blinks. ‘Huh?’ That’s not what he was expecting at all.

Wade keeps talking. ‘It’ll be awesome! Tomorrow night. My place. We can eat pizza and watch a movie or something. You bring the beer. You are old enough to drink, right? Here.’ He produces a sharpie out of nowhere and grabs Peter’s arm, pulling up his sleeve. ‘This is my address,’ he says, scribbling onto Peter’s forearm. ‘Apartment 306. Eight PM. Be there or be pear-shaped or whatever.’ He lets go of Peter’s arm, and Peter’s sure he’s grinning now.

He opens his mouth to argue, to tell Deadpool that he has to patrol, that it’s his responsibility to keep this city safe, but instead he says, ‘Okay. I guess I’ll see you then.’

Wade laughs. ’You bet your sweet ass you will!’

###

Peter lands on the fire escape outside Wade’s window. Looking inside, he can see Wade sitting on a moth-eaten couch. He’s wearing his Deadpool mask, but other than that he’s in civilian clothing, jeans and a blue long-sleeve t-shirt with a vague, washed out design on it. Peter taps on the glass with his gloved knuckle and Wade looks up.

The merc strolls over and opens the window. ‘Hey, baby boy! Full Spidey get-up, huh? I can dig it.’

Peter crawls in through the window and holds up the sixer of lager he’s been carrying.

‘Sweet!’ Wade takes it from him and walks over to the coffee table, where three pizza boxes are stacked. ‘Have a seat! I have a couch now, it’s new. Well, new old. Didn’t know what kind of pizza you liked, so I got some random ones. The top one’s got taco meat and nachos on it!’ He picks up a beer bottle and twists the cap off, handing it to Peter, who sits down on the couch gingerly. It’s actually pretty comfortable, though, and he lets himself relax a little bit.

Wade grabs a beer bottle of his own and pulls his mask up to his nose so he can take a swig. Then he studies Peter for a moment. ‘You know, if you wanna chill out in something other than that spandex, I’ve probably got some clothes you can borrow. Ooh! You could use my Spider-Man pyjamas! How meta would that be?’

Peter stares at the ex-mercenary for a moment. ‘You . . . You have Spider-Man pyjamas?’ Wade nods enthusiastically. ‘You . . . sleep in them?’ Peter asks slowly, feeling mildly creeped out by the idea.

‘Nah, man, I sleep nekkid!’ Wade grins. ‘I just got them cause it was funny.’

‘I think I’m good,’ says Peter, pushing up his own mask to take a sip of his beer. ‘The suit’s actually pretty comfortable.’

Wade shrugs. ‘Suit yourself. Hah! Get it?’ He sets his beer down on the table and picks up two DVD boxes. ‘So, what do you wanna watch? I got Saw and The Little Mermaid.’

Peter laughs, then, unable to stop himself. ‘Those are our options?’

‘I know, right? They’re both so good, it’s hard to choose!’

Thinking that torture porn probably isn’t going to help him relax, Peter says, ‘In that case, I think The Little Mermaid.’

‘Good choice!’ says Wade happily. He crouches before the TV-set and pops the disc in the DVD-player. ‘You know, I identify with Ariel so much . . . I mean, she just wants to be part of their world! You know?’ He picks up the remote and sits next to Peter on the couch. ‘Like the TV? It’s new, too! I paid for it and everything!’

While Wade flicks through the menus, Peter looks around the apartment. It’s pretty grim, really, all bare brick and very little furniture. There’s a definite draft running through the place, chilling it, and everything smells of damp and dust. But the lamp behind the couch gives off a warm glow, and there’s a soft, thick shag rug on the floor beneath their feet. On the walls above the mattress in the corner Wade has put up posters—a collection of bands, movies and superheroes—and umpteen pillows, two duvets and several blankets make up a kind of fort there, with a banged up old laptop in the centre.

‘Nice place you’ve got here,’ says Peter as Wade presses play.

Wade chuckles. ‘Isn’t it? Building’s owned by some slum lord. Haven’t paid rent since I moved in. I mean, guy’s a criminal, right? After the third time he sent his goons round to collect and I sent them back with no teeth, they stopped coming. I’ve been trying to make sure he doesn’t give the other tenants too much of a hard time either. I mean, there are kids in this building, can you believe that?’ He shakes his head. ‘They deserve better lives than this.’

Peter finds himself smiling. Seeing Wade like this, relaxed and drinking beer and just chatting, he almost seems like any other guy. He’s not Deadpool right now. He’s just Wade Wilson. Almost normal, except for the scarred hands and the mask, of course.

‘So, do you always wear your mask around the house?’ Peter asks casually. He immediately regrets it as Wade stiffens slightly.

‘Do you always wear your Spider-Man costume to movie nights?’ Wade asks in return. His tone is light, but there’s a hard edge to his voice.

‘Point taken,’ Peter mumbles. ‘Forget I asked. I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.’

Wade seems to relax at that, and then he giggles. ‘Yeah, I don’t get it either, no one’s that fucking nice!’ he says to no one in particular. Then he looks at Peter again. ‘Don’t worry about it, sweetheart. We’ve all got issues about something, right? This is mine. Well, one of mine.’ There’s a pause, during which Ariel fails to appear in her giant clam shell. ‘Anyway, pizza!’ He opens the topmost box, and the smell of cheese, jalapeños and beef wafts out of it, making Peter’s stomach growl. ‘Tuck in, dude.’

They munch on pizza and watch their movie. Wade sings along with all the songs and occasionally goes off on tangents that are completely incomprehensible to Peter (‘Part of your world! Of course we can, we’re owned by Disney now. Probably why it took so long to get our movie greenlit, really . . . I know, the only thing that could make this movie better is if Ryan Reynolds was in it.’), and Peter finds himself relaxing. The beer and the pizza taste good, and the movie leaves him with a definite feeling of nostalgia.

When Wade puts a friendly arm around his shoulder, Peter doesn’t object. Instead he drains his beer bottle and leans back into the couch, smiling.

*018*2015-10-13 10:03

More omorashi at last!

###

Chapter 6

Wade groans and rubs the back of his skull. Getting shot in the head isn’t nearly as much fun when a bad guy does it. For one, the shot that went in through his forehead just above his left eye and straight out the other side didn’t knock him out. It just scrambled his brain and made him feel queasy and disoriented. His brain is already regenerating, but his control of his limbs is less than optimal and, oh yeah, he seems to have lost control of his bladder for a moment, and isn’t that just great?

’Shit, shit, shit!’ Wade all but whimpers, clenching his muscles to shut off the flow as quickly as he’s able.

I thought we liked wetting ourselves.

Yeah, but this isn’t really the best time, is it?

He shakes his head, turning his focus to where Spider-Man’s fighting bad guy of the day. Or, bad girl, as it happens. She’s fast and talented, he’ll give her that, fighting with a pistol and hand-to-hand, but she’s not fast enough for Spidey, who yoinks the gun from her hand with a well aimed sling of web and has her pinned to the ground a few seconds later. Wade staggers to his feet just as Spider-Man lands a particularly vicious punch to her gut, knocking the breath out of her and leaving him free to web her up before she can regain her momentum.

Wade looks down at her and clicks his tongue. ‘You know, time was I would have made a comment about your boobs right about now,’ he says casually, ‘but you know what? You just don’t deserve my admiration.’

Spider-Man stands up, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck. ‘She put up a good fight, though, I’ll give her that. You okay, Deadpool?’

Wade makes a fist experimentally. ‘Yeah, fine. Headshots can incapacitate me for a while, but I always come back. I’m like herpes.’

‘In more ways than one, I’m sure,’ Spider-Man quips. ‘Well, I don’t think there’s much need to stick around. Cops will be here to collect her soon.’

‘Aye aye,’ says Wade and they set off.

‘Hop on my back, it’ll be quicker,’ says Spider-Man as they turn a corner.

Yay! Spideyback ride!

Wade touches the area around his crotch gingerly. It’s just a little bit damp, but it’s enough to make him grimace and say, ‘Yeah, you probably won’t want that. A bullet to the brainpan can have a whole bunch of unfortunate side-effects. Temporary blindness, nausea, loss of muscle control . . .’

‘I thought you were already healed?’

‘Yeah, pretty much, but loss of muscle control can lead to . . . accidents.’ He didn’t think he’d feel embarrassed saying it out loud, but now he finds he does. wetting yourself is a hard thing to admit to when you’re a grown-ass man.

Spider-Man just looks at him for a moment. Then his gaze seems to travel down to where Wade’s suit is stained a slightly darker red. ‘Oh!’ he says as it dawns on him. ‘Um . . . Yeah, I can see how that . . . Hm.’ He falls silent for a few moments.

. . . And we grossed him out. Just as we were getting to be such good pals.

‘It’s okay,’ Spider-Man says suddenly.

‘I . . . What?’ Wade stares at him in amazement.

Spider-Man shrugs. ‘Hey, urine’s sterile. It is just urine, right?’ Wade nods. ‘Well, then. Hop on. I can clean my suit if need be. Not like I haven’t gotten worse stains on it before.’

Wade does as he’s told. ‘I less-than-three you so hard right now,’ he says, and Spider-Man laughs before shooting a string of web towards a nearby high-rise, and then they’re off, swinging through the streets of New York City.

Man, this is so giving us a boner!

Don’t tell Spidey. He won’t like that.

It does feel kind of good, being pressed up to Spider-Man’s back like this. Wade’s got his legs wrapped around his waist and is holding onto his shoulders, and leaping between the tall buildings like this is a total rush, leaving him breathless. Every time Spidey lets go of a strand of web to shoot another, Wade feels weightless. As Spider-Man makes a particularly long leap, Wade whoops happily.

They land on a roof with a view of Central Park, and Wade climbs off, laughing. Then he feels suddenly self-conscious again, though, and starts tugging at his utility belt, pulling it downwards, as if it will cover the stain.

‘You okay?’ Spider-Man asks him, head cocked to one side.

Wade nods. ‘Yeah. Fine.’ A pause. ‘Sorry.’

Spider-Man shrugs. ‘Not your fault. Blame the woman who shot you in the head.’ He rubs the back of his neck and looks away. ‘I guess it never really occurred to me . . . You know, what your body actually goes through every time you get injured. I keep putting you in the line of fire, and I’ve never thought . . .’ He turns his eyes back on Wade. ‘It actually hurts, doesn’t it?’

Wade shifts uncomfortably. ‘I guess. I mean, my healing factor doesn’t make me impervious to pain, you know? But it’s okay. I’m pretty used to it, I don’t mind much. Some pain can be kind of sexy. Other kinds, not so much. Like growing back your intestines after being gored? Massively unpleasant. There tends to be puking blood involved. Aaaand I’m totally grossing you out, aren’t I? I’m sorry.’

‘No, don’t be!’ says Peter quickly. ‘I’m the one who should apologise. I’ve been letting you take bullets and all sorts, and never thought about the fact that being able to heal doesn’t mean it doesn’t hurt. I’m sorry.’

He cares! Spider-Man actually gives a shit about us!

Of course he cares. He cares about everyone. He’s a hero. That’s what heroes do.

But no one cares about us. No one’s cared in a long time . . .

Wade smiles and shakes his head slightly. ‘You really are one of the good guys, aren’t you? Either that or I’m hallucinating again, which to be fair is a definite possibility.’

Spider-Man chuckles. ‘You’re not hallucinating, Wade. At least I don’t think you are. Seriously, though, I’m gonna try harder not to put you in harm’s way unnecessarily, okay? I’ll think of better strategies that don’t rely on your healing factor so much.’

‘You don’t have to do that. I’m fine.’

‘Well, I want to. God knows you’ve experienced enough pain for fifteen lifetimes already.’

Fuck, he’s so noble. Like, who does he think he’s kidding? Nobody’s that fucking nice!

But he’s being nice to us! Isn’t that amazing?

‘I’m gonna hug ya now, Spidey,’ says Wade.

‘Okay,’ Spider-Man replies, and Wade puts his arms around him and pulls him into a tight embrace.

‘Would you be uncomfortable if I squeeze your ass?’ Wade murmurs into Spider-Man’s shoulder.

‘Yup.’

‘Even if it’s just a teeny, tiny squish?’

‘Definitely.’

‘Okay. I respect your boundaries.’

Spider-Man gives a snort of laughter. ‘You do? That’s new.’

‘What can I say? For you, baby boy, I’m willing to turn over a new leaf.’

‘That mean you’ll let go any time soon?’

Wade hugs him a little tighter. ‘No.’

‘. . . I’m not gonna punch you again, Wade.’

With a frustrated sigh, Wade lets go of Spider-Man and pouts at him through his mask. ‘Party pooper.’ He scratches his cheek absently. ‘I guess I should get home and clean the suit . . . Same time tomorrow?’

‘Sure,’ says Spider-Man. ‘See you then.’

###

After rinsing it as best he can, Wade drapes his suit over a radiator to dry. Without putting on anything else, he settles into his nest of pillows and blankets, covering himself in warm softness. He doesn’t sleep every night. He doesn’t need to as his healing factor increases his stamina and halts fatigue, and his brain is in a constant state of repeated regeneration anyway, but tonight he’s tired. Which of course means that, try as he might, he simply cannot fall asleep.

Spiderman was nice to us! He was concerned about our wellbeing!

We’ve been over this. Hero, remember? It means nothing.

It has to mean something.

All it means is that he doesn’t consider us to be a bad guy.

See? Improvement! Besides, he wasn’t just nice, he was totally cool about the piss thing.

‘Shut up!’ Wade growls, covering his ears, which of course does no good at all.

We should play with that some more . . . On our own, obviously. The wetting thing. Holding it in is haaaaaard, though.

Wade groans and throws himself onto his back, staring up at the dark ceiling.

Ooh, idea! We could super-glue our dick shut! That would hold it!

That’s a terrible idea. How would we get it open again? Sharp pointy objects near dick equals not fun.

I thought we liked pain.

Sure, but not cutting-our-own-dick-off pain!

‘Seriously,’ Wade mutters, ‘it’s like my issues have issues. Would you shut up so I can sleep, or do I have to shoot myself in the head again? Cause one bullet to the brain in a night is really one too many, but I will make it two if it means I can get some fucking rest!’

That’s a little extreme, isn’t it?

We don’t like it when we blow our brains out . . . It’s like we disappear, and what if we don’t come back?

‘What a fucking loss . . .’ Wade grumbles. Then he sighs, too exhausted to go through with his threat. ‘Look, I just wanna sleep, okay? And preferably have sweet, wet dreams of one certain superhuman arachnid. That too much to ask?’

Mm, dreams of Spider-Man . . .

He’s got a pretty mouth. And soft, soft skin.

Wonder if his dick is bigger or smaller than ours?

Wonder what we could do to that dick . . . Or what it could do to us.

Wade whimpers involuntarily and feels his own cock twitch slightly. He lets his hand slide down to his crotch.

Who would top? Would we fuck his tight hole? Or do we want him to fuck us?

Never bottomed before, but if it was Spider-Man . . . Oh, we totally would.

It’s easy to imagine. Lips, tongue, hands. Bodies pressed together, with their suits as a protective layer covering Wade’s sores and scars. But then, this is a fantasy, so maybe Wade doesn’t have sores or scars? He pictures Spider-Man’s hands on his skin, miraculously smooth and clear again. Now they’re just two people, sharing touch. Lips pressed together, hearts hammering against one another, bodies entwined. Then Spider-Man whispers, ‘You’re so good, Wade. You’re doing so well. Come for me!’ and Wade does, jerking up into his own hand.

He should clean up, he knows that, but the aftermath of his orgasm leaves him blissfully exhausted. Ignoring the boxes, ignoring everything, he lets his eyes fall shut and drifts off to sleep. A few hours later he will wake up cold and sticky and in serious need of a shower, at which point he’ll probably get off again, just cause showers are a good place to do that, but for now wonderful, dreamless sleep awaits him. Tomorrow can wait until tomorrow.

*022*2018-11-28 02:15

OMG, I left you guys hanging at chapter 6??? I am so sorry! I wrote a lot more of this, and then I dropped off the face of the Internet for like two and a half years...

The rest of the story isn't as omo as the start (though the endgame totally is), but I might as well give you guys the rest, assuming anyone still wants to read it.

Chapter 7

Wade pulls his gun and casually points it at the man’s head. He in turn is aiming his pistol at Spider-Man. His hands are shaking, and he’s sweating profusely. Clearly he hadn’t expected to end up in this situation. Hadn’t expected Spider-Man to turn up during his home invasion. However little he expected Spider-Man, though, he expected Deadpool less.

‘Drop. Your. Gun,’ says Wade in a deadly growl, and the man stiffens, turning his head slightly.

‘I . . . I’ll shoot him!’ he says frantically through his balaclava. ‘I-I’ll kill Sp-pider-Man if y-you don’t point that somewhere else!’

Spider-Man moves to kick the gun out of his hand, but in his agitated state the man is alert and his reflexes quick. He turns his eyes back on Spider-Man and grips his gun with both shaking hands.

‘D-don’t move! I’ll shoot! T-tell your friend to put his gun down and let me go, and n-no one gets hurt!’ The look in his eyes is wild.

‘Seriously?’ says Wade. ‘You’re making demands? You’re shitting yourself!’

‘Deadpool,’ says Spider-Man slowly, warningly. His tone softens as he speaks to the man before him. ‘You. Think about this, okay? You shoot me, there is no way you’re getting out of here. I can get my friend to back off, but only if you lower your weapon. So come on. Drop your gun.’

The man seems to hesitate, but then he grips his pistol tighter. ’N-no! I’m not going to jail! You let me go! Let me go or—’

Wade sees the man’s finger tighten on the trigger. Sees the way he steels his shoulders as he prepares to fire. This is a man who’s clearly never killed anyone before, but who’s done a lot of target practice, and he is clearly willing to discharge his weapon now, rather than risk jail. In an instant, Wade realises that this man would rather die than go to prison, and he’s willing to take Spider-Man with him.

Wade only has a split-second to react, and he’ll be damned if this motherfucker gets to shoot his Spidey. He pulls the trigger, beating the other guy to the punch.

Spidey’s gonna be so pissed.

The apartment’s resident, a tiny, elderly hispanic lady who’s been cowering on the far side of the room, screams as the robber’s blood, brains and bits of skull fragment splatter her floral patterned couch and light wood coffee table. An intricate doily is stained red.

‘Goddammit, Wade!’ Spider-Man yells angrily. Wade muses that that’s probably the worst curse word he’s heard the kid use. ‘We don’t kill people!’

Uh-oh . . .

Told ya.

‘He was about to pull the trigger!’ Wade shoots back. ‘I saved your life! Again!’

‘You could have incapacitated him some other way!’

‘Well, I chose this way!’

Spider-Man shakes his head. ’Christ, he wasn’t even . . . He was just some small-time crook down on his luck, not a hardened criminal or murderer! I could have talked him down!’

‘No, you couldn’t have. He was about to pull the trigger. I swear, I wouldn’t have shot him if he wasn’t. Anyway, can we talk about this later? We need to get out of here.’

Spider-Man crosses his arms. ‘We’re not going anywhere! We’re staying right here until the police show up so we can explain this mess.’

But we’re too pretty for jail!

‘S-señores?’ They both look up to find that the lady of the house has shuffled closer. She stares fearfully at the body on the floor, bleeding onto her carpet. ‘You go. I talk to police, you leave.’ Her accent is strong. She tears her gaze away from the corpse and looks between Spider-Man and Deadpool. ‘No trouble.’ Then she starts babbling in Spanish. Spider-Man looks bewildered, but Wade knows enough to understand.

‘She says we should leave before the cops show up,’ he translates. ‘She doesn’t want us to get in trouble.’

The woman nods. Then she clasps Spider-Man’s hand in both of hers and says, ‘Gracias, señor Spider-Man!’ She does the same with Wade. ‘Gracias, señor Deadpool!’

Spider-Man is so taken aback that he doesn’t argue when Wade grabs his hand and pulls him out of the window and onto the fire escape. He even lets Wade hop on his back, and then swings them a few blocks south, away from the sound of approaching police sirens, before landing on a quiet rooftop. Once Wade has climbed off, though, Spider-Man rounds on him, fists clenched.

He’s angry.

Duh!

‘This conversation isn’t over, Wade!’

Wade shrugs. ‘Didn’t think it was. But I stand by what I said before. He was gonna shoot you. I shot him first.’

‘In the head! You could have shot him in some other part of his body! You could have just wounded him!’

Spidey always gets so judgey and ungrateful when we save his life.

Wade scowls. ’Look, I know his type, okay? He would rather die than go to jail, and he was more than prepared to take you with him! Well, not on my fucking watch!’

Spider-Man shakes his head, scratching his forehead. ’You really don’t understand why what you did was wrong? After everything I’ve tried to teach you about being a hero, none of it actually sunk in?’

‘Lots of heroes occasionally unalive people! You think Wolverine’s stabby-claws are for tickling? You think Hawkeye’s arrows are tranquilliser darts? You think no one gets dead when the Avengers blow shit up?’ Wade clenches his fists and then relaxes them again. ‘Look, I saw a guy about to shoot the only friend I have, okay? So I shot him first. Because I’m not fucking losing you!’

They stand completely still, staring at each other for a few moments. Wade is panting, hands balled into fists. Spider-Man’s stance is guarded, defensive, but then his shoulders seem to relax somewhat.

‘Wade,’ he says softly, and the tone of his voice is almost pleading. Wade hates hearing that, doesn’t want Spidey to back down, ever, for any reason, wants him to always be strong, that’s why he—

That’s why we love him.

Exactly.

‘It doesn’t matter,’ Wade says abruptly, his tone harsher than he meant it to be. ‘I’ll never be a real hero. I know that.’ Then he turns around, walks to the edge of the roof and jumps. The landing breaks his legs in five places. He’ll walk it off.

###

It takes Peter a moment to gather his thoughts enough to run over to the edge of the roof and see Deadpool limping away. He wants to say something, or go after him, but he has no idea what he would say. When he thinks about the dead man they left behind in that apartment his anger rises to the surface once more. Wade has to understand that he can’t just go around killing people!

Of course, he hasn’t killed anyone in a long time. Not that Peter’s seen or heard of, anyway, and he’s pretty sure he hasn’t been taking any mercenary jobs. Thinking about it, Wade hasn’t killed anyone since the traffickers at the warehouse, and then he only did it because . . .

Peter shakes his head. It’s no excuse, and he doesn’t want to be partially responsible for the lives that Deadpool takes. Taking a life to save another doesn’t cancel out the deed. It just doesn’t.

And yet, Wade’s words echo in Peter’s head: ‘I’m not fucking losing you!’

Deadpool’s admiration for Spider-Man isn’t exactly a secret. There’s a reason why Wade came to him in the first place, asking Peter to teach him how to be a hero. He’s always flirted with him, and Peter’s put it down to a fanboy dude crush and not much else. To find that Wade actually earnestly wants to be his friend has been surprising enough on its own, but to learn that he actually cares, or at least thinks he does . . .

Peter’s spent a lot of time dismissing Deadpool—dismissing his wish to be a hero, his friendship, his advances. The first few times they met, Peter treated him with open contempt, and still he kept coming back, never dissuaded. Remembering the defeat in Wade’s rough voice as he said he knows he’ll never be a real hero puts a heavy, leaden lump of guilt in the pit of Peter’s stomach.

‘Crud!’ he mutters.

He sets course for the Bronx and Wade’s apartment. Going by web is faster than by foot, and when he gets there the place is dark and empty, so he sits on the fire escape and waits. He’s getting cold by the time the door finally opens, light spilling in from the landing, and Wade enters. His shoulders are slouched, and he doesn’t turn on the light. Instead he begins pacing back and forth in an agitated manner.

Peter feels suddenly awkward, like he shouldn’t really be here, and is debating how to make contact when Wade starts to remove his mask. Peter knows how uncomfortable he is showing his face to people, and it doesn’t feel right to let him do it, unaware that someone’s watching, so, steeling himself, Peter raps on the window pane with his knuckle.

###

‘I know I fucked up! Stop telling me!’

We didn’t fuck up, we did what anyone would have done!

No, we definitely fucked up, and Spidey hates us again. Or he pities us, which is even worse.

A sharp knock brings Wade out of his head as he freezes, mask halfway up his face, listening for the source. The window. He turns his head slowly, right hand flying to the hilt of one of his katanas.

Out on the fire escape sits Spider-Man. When Wade turns towards him he gives a little wave, and it’s like time stops.

What’s he doing here?

He wouldn’t come all this way just to yell at us some more, would he?

Open the window!

Open the window!

Wade lets go of his weapon and takes a hesitant step forward. He swallows twice, and then closes the distance, sliding the window open.

Spider-Man appears to be shivering slightly as he crawls inside, and now they’re standing there, facing each other on the cold floor of Wade’s shitty apartment, neither one seemingly able to come up with anything to say.

It’s Spidey who breaks the silence first. ‘Hey.’

‘Hey,’ Wade replies slowly.

Spider-Man shuffles his feet for a moment, looking uncomfortable. Then he says, ‘Listen—’

‘I’m not apologising,’ Wade interrupts him. ‘I’m not sorry I killed that guy. He was gonna kill you, and I’ll never let that happen, ever. But . . . But I’m sorry I upset you. I can never be like you. As much as I might want to, you’re right, everyone’s right, I’m not a hero. I could save the world and people would still hate me. Come to think of it, I have and they do. But it doesn’t matter. None of it matters. I just . . . If it comes down to killing someone or watching you die, I’ll choose killing, every time. Not cause I like it or cause I wanna kill, but because I could never let you die. That’s just . . . It’s a no-brainer, really. If that means we can’t . . . I mean, if you don’t want me around, then—’

‘Wade,’ says Spider-Man gently. ‘Shut up for a second, okay?’

Wade shuts his mouth and nods.

‘I’m sorry. I know that’s an impossible choice, and while it’s easy for me to gamble with my life, I can’t just expect you to take that gamble. So, I’m sorry I blew up.’

Wade blinks, and stares. ‘I . . . What? Now I know I’m hallucinating.’

Yup.

Yes, definitely hallucinating.

‘You’re not. I . . .’ Spider-Man pauses and appears to consider his words. ‘It’s unreasonable of me to expect a miracle. I’ve been holding you to a standard I wouldn’t hold anyone else to. You’re right. Sometimes heroes kill. We can try to be better than that, but the truth is . . . If I was faced with the choice between the life of an innocent and the life of a bad guy, if there was no other choice . . . Well, I guess you never know until you’re in that situation, really, and I . . .’ He heaves a frustrated sigh and falls silent.

‘So, you’re saying . . . You forgive me?’ Wade asks tentatively, hardly daring to hope for the answer.

‘It’s not even about forgiving you. I was wrong.’ Spidey reaches out and gives Wade’s upper arm a squeeze. ‘I was wrong, Wade. I’ve been so focused on black and white I forget there are shades of grey. I mean, you’re pretty much made up entirely of shades of grey, and you’re still my friend. Even if it is sometimes against my better judgment.’

Wade knows he’s missing the best set-up ever for a 50 Shades joke, but he just can’t right now. Instead he swallows again. His mouth feels dry and he clears his throat. ‘I’m . . . I’m your friend?’ It comes out as barely more than a whisper. Even the boxes are silent. ‘We’re friends?’

Spider-Man cocks his head to one side. ‘Of course we are. You’ve got my back, I’ve got yours, right?’

Wade nods, not trusting himself to speak. Something hot is spreading through his body, making every sound, every movement hyper-real, and he can hear his blood rushing in his ears. He and Spider-Man are friends. Spider-Man forgave him. He doesn’t hate him.

‘Okay, then,’ says Spider-Man and lets go of his arm. ‘I should get home. I’m expecting a tip-off on the hide-out of a drug cartel tomorrow, if everything goes according to plan. Think you’re up for kicking some butt?’

Wade nods again, finding his voice at last. ‘You bet. Always.’

‘Cool.’ Spider-Man crawls back out of the window and onto the fire escape, readying his web shooter. ‘See you tomorrow, then.’ Then he jumps and is gone.

*024*2018-11-28 15:07

{{11 hours ago, Mandymom said:

This is awesome

}}

Thank you!

