Office Desperation Fantasy

Author: thelastpee

*000*2025-03-09 10:31

The minutes seem to crawl by, each second an eternity. Sweat trickles down my forehead despite the chill of the air conditioning. I grip the arms of my chair, my knuckles turning white under the tension. The pressure in my bladder is like a live wire, sparking at every small movement. I have to stay still, but my body rebels against the command, pleading to shift and move. I force myself to remain calm, meeting your gaze, fighting to keep my desperation hidden. The sensation is maddening, each passing moment stretching out the torment.

Panic claws at my insides as the minutes stretch on. My thighs clench so hard they throb, my penis squished between them, muscles straining against the relentless pressure building in my core. Each heartbeat feels like a blow against my bladder, making it pulse with urgency. I'm arching my back now, trying to ease the discomfort, but nothing works. I'm sweating profusely, droplets rolling down my temples. My hand is a vice grip on my thigh, kneading frantically as another wave of desperation crashes over me. This time, a low moan escapes before I can bite it back. I'm fighting to maintain control, but it's a losing battle.

You stride into the room, a smug grin spreading across your face. “Looking a bit uncomfortable there, aren't we?” you tease, eyeing my tensed posture and the sheen of sweat on my brow. I grit my teeth, refusing to acknowledge the effect your words have on me. But my body betrays me, a shudder running through my frame as another spasm rocks my bladder. "Just... working through some ideas, ma’am…” I manage to stammer out, my voice shaky.

Your chuckle is like salt in the wound. “Well, whatever those ideas are, they seem to require quite the... effort.” You pause, leaning against your desk, clearly enjoying my distress. With a wicked gleam in your eye, you saunter closer, stopping just inches from my quivering form. “You know, I heard the restroom down the hall has a particularly... leaky faucet”, you purr, your breath hot against my ear. “Maybe you should go check it out?”

A surge of pure, unadulterated panic courses through me at the suggestion. My bladder clenches violently, the urge to release becoming almost overwhelming. But I refuse to give in, meeting your gaze with a defiant glare. “I'm fine, ma’am…”, I hiss through gritted teeth. However, the temptation is too great. Your knowing smirk and the teasing promise of that dripping faucet prove too much for my strained control as another spasm wracks my bladder, a telltale dampness seeps through my pants. My hand flies to my crotch, futilely attempting to stem the tide as a warm trickle spreads. I'm breathing heavily, every muscle taut with the effort of holding on. My vision is blurred from the sweat on my brow as I'm teetering on the brink, and I know it won't be long before I piss myself.

Just then, you clear your throat, drawing my attention. For a moment, I think you're oblivious to my predicament. But then, a sly smile curls your lips, and I know you've noticed. Your knowing smirk only fuels my desperation. Another spasm hits, and I bite back a whimper, squeezing my eyes shut. I'm so close to losing control, and your presence seems to be pushing me further. “You look like you could use a little... relief”, you murmur, taking a step closer. The scent of your perfume mingles with the musky aroma of my arousal, makes my head spin. I shake my head frantically, opening my eyes to plead with you. “Please, ma’am, I…” But the words die in my throat as another trickle escapes, soaking through my underwear.

“No, no, absolutely not”, you say firmly, your expression stern. “We can't have you abandoning your work, especially not for something as trivial as a bathroom break!” My stomach drops at your words, realizing the true extent of my predicament. I'm trapped, forced to endure the agony of a full bladder while being denied any relief, as my wet spot reminds me of my failures. The pressure builds, and another spurt leaks out, leaving a visible stain on my pants.

“I understand, ma’am”, I choke out, my voice barely above a whisper. “But please, I... I can barely hold on anymore.” Your gaze lingers on the growing wet patch, a hint of amusement dancing in your eyes. “Then hold on tighter, because you're not going anywhere!” you say with a dismissive wave of your hand.

Another spasm rips through me, and I can't suppress a moan as the leakage intensifies. The cool air of the office caresses my heated skin, making me acutely aware of every droplet escaping. I'm mortified, but I can't bring myself to care – all that matters is finally releasing my full bladder. You watch me intently, your expression readable as the label on the empty bottles of water I left at your desk. You're enjoying this. You find my discomfort amusing. The thought sends a shiver down my spine, both thrilling and terrifying.

“Alright, that's enough”, you say firmly, reaching out to steady me. "Let's get you cleaned up before you make an even bigger mess." Gratefully, I allow you to guide me, my legs trembling with effort of holding back any more leaks. As we navigate toward the restroom, I can feel the cool breeze of the air conditioning against the wet spots on my pants, tempting me to release more pee. I stop, grabbing myself, as my bladder expands its territory down my legs. “Fuck!” I seethe as we continue our slow crawl to the restroom.

We reach the restroom, and you usher me inside, closing the door behind us. “Strip!” you command, your voice low and authoritative. “What?” I say perplexed, both my hands gripping my wet crotch, plugging my bladder from releasing any more pee.

“Strip! Do as I say! NOW!”

I peel off my pants and underwear and toss my shirt toward the corner. Once I'm naked, you lead me over to the toilet, positioning me directly in front of it.

“Watch closely…”, you instruct, your eyes glinting with mischief. This is what it feels like when you finally give in. You pull down your panties, peel back your skirts, and hover over the toilet.

“Oh god. Please don’t….” I beg as the first trickles fall into the toilet. “Listen to this beautiful sound…” You smirk as a solid stream of urine goes into the toilet. As you continue to pee, I'm forced to stand there, my own bladder throbbing in protest. The sight of your urine hitting the inner bowl of the toilet, the sound of it splashing into the water, it's all so tantalizingly close to what I crave. “You must be so desperate to pee right now!”

I nod, unable to speak past the lump in my throat. I squeeze my eyes shut, trying to distract myself from the torture of watching you relieve yourself. But you're relentless, your taunts echoing off the tiled walls. “Imagine this is you, finally getting to let out all that pent up piss..." The image you paint is so vivid, so enticing, that I can almost taste the sweet release. My hand squeezes my penis as more drips of pee falls onto the cold floor. I squeeze tightly to stop the flow. “Just a little more”, your voice dripping with seduction.

As the last drop leaves your urethra, a triumphant smirk rises from your lips. "Now it's your turn", you say, stepping closer until our bodies are nearly touching. "Show me what you've got...." My heart races as I meet your gaze, my bladder churning with pent-up pressure. Before I can respond, a sudden spasm hits, and a tiny trickle slips past my defenses as a few more drops of pee fall onto the floor. “Oh god!” I breathe, clenching my muscles in a desperate attempt to regain control but the humiliation burns through me like fire.

You lean in closer, your breath hot against my ear. “Looks like you're not as strong as you thought”, you taunt, your fingers trailing lightly down my abdomen. I shudder at your touch, my resolve crumbling under the onslaught of your teasing. Another spurt leaks out, joining the growing puddle on the floor.

“P-please, ma’am…”, I beg, my voice barely audible over the pounding of my heart. “I can't... I don't know how much longer I can hold it.”

Your hand slides lower, cupping my balls gently. “That's okay…” your thumb brushing against my sensitive underside. Your other hand sliding down toward the bulging mountain from my bladder. “We'll take it one step at a time.”

Suddenly, a powerful urge overtakes me, and I can't stop the flow any longer. A warm stream begins to shoot out onto the floor, dribbling down my legs, soaking my skin and the tile beneath my feet.

“Ahhhhh!” I cry out, my knees buckling slightly as the pressure finally relieves.

You smile approvingly, your fingers still cupping my balls gently like you’re rolling dice.

“There, there:, you murmur soothingly. “Just let it all out. That's a good boy.”

*002*2025-03-13 06:49

{{40 minutes ago, rfthawne said:

This was amazing.

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed it!

