A wet journey home

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2012-06-30 19:38

I felt like writing, but did not feel like continuing my other, multi-chapter story at the moment, as I was still doubting where to go with that. So I wrote this, a one-off story, meaning to write something of average length. I ended up making it twice as long as I intended and putting more wettings in it, and some light erotic content in the end that was not planned.

As I did not have a plot to follow, I did not re-read it as I normally do, so I'm sorry if I made some grammatical errors which I did not notice the first time.

Enjoy :)

A wet journey home

It was a crowded afternoon at the train station, as Nadine took all her time to get her train. She wore a white-black striped top with short sleeves, a white knee-length skirt with white tights that stopped half way down her lower legs, and black shoes. She did not wear a bra, as her top was tight and her breasts were perky and size B, and she did not like how a bra felt. She wore her blonde, curly hair loose with a flower behind her ear, and was around 5’4 tall. She was a bright 19 year old university student and at the moment, she did not have a problem in the world.

As she still had 20 minutes till her train would depart, and feeling a little tired from the journey before she decided to get some coffee at Sundollars*. After finishing her whole 50cl-cup she grew a little bit thirsty and got a bottle of soda at a little shop adjacent for in the train, as by now she only had a few minutes left. She knew her body well and after this, she would need the toilet quite badly, but did not care. “I’ll just use the toilet on the train as soon as I finish this bottle,” she thought. She did not like public toilets, and especially no train toilets, but she had accepted she needed to use them if she had to, as her bladder was rather small and she needed the toilet quite frequently.

(*if a certain coffee company would want me advertising for them, they have to pay!)

As the train rolled in, she was surprised; it was a train much smaller than normally, only 2 compartments. It did not matter much, as there were not that many people going in the same direction (there were only small train stations on route). As she got on at the front compartment, she noticed that toilet was out of order. The door was broken and there were clear signs of vandalism behind it.

“Not a problem at all,” she thought, “there should be another toilet in the back of the train.”

She walked through the train to the back, and sat down not too far from the toilet, just to be sure, and started sipping from her soda as the train started moving. She had 2 seats for herself, as she liked it, and started listening to some music. She was so thirsty, because of the coffee and the hot summer day combined, that before she realized it, she had downed the whole bottle. “Hmmm, I’ll probably need to take a leak pretty soon now” she thought.

About 5 minutes after the train had left, an older girl, probably 22 years old she guessed, with a rather slim and tall figure, who had just left for the toilet came back almost instantly, and it made Nadine curious, so she got out her earplugs, and just heard her complaining to her friend.

“…rather wet myself than use that, it’s disgusting” was all she could hear. Now she was alarmed: exactly how bad would it be? Her urge to pee was increasing a bit, as she saw another girl, 13 or 14 years old, do the same, complaining to her mother she would not make it home if she could not use the bathroom.

Nadine decided to check for herself, and decide what to do, as she was getting desperate rather quickly now, as she drank half a liter of coffee and half a liter of soda within a few minutes. It hit her bladder hard. As she opened the stall, she knew it; she was not going to use this. There was puke splattered on the walls and over the toilet, no way anyone would want to use this. She sat back down, disappointed, and thinking what to do next, as she saw the older girl, with brown hair and a beautiful face, shifting in her seat. She wore a black top which left the lower part of her abdomen exposed, and beneath that she wore loose, orange shorts which only covered the top quarter of her legs. She went on complaining about her situation.

“I swear, I’m going to need the bathroom really soon, I’m not even sure I can make it till our stop” she said. Her friend tried to encourage her a bit half-heartedly, saying cliché stuff like “I’m sure you can make it, just try to hold on a little longer”, but you could hear she was actually kind of annoyed, paying more attention to her phone than her friend, who was now constantly moving with both hands between her legs.

Nadine recognized this behavior; more than once had she been in this situation and those movements where almost always a sign she was not going to make it. But that was a while ago, her last accident was when she was 17, while cycling home from a party. She still remembered it as if it was yesterday, all her embarrassing accidents and the teasing she used to get from her classmates. She was happy now, after moving to a new city where no one knew her history.

While recalling her accidents, her bladder was filling up more and more and she started fidgeting a bit, but it was nothing compared to what the other girl was doing. She saw her double over, move around in her seat and suddenly gasping. Her face went red.

“Can’t you sit still for a while?” her friend asked, oblivious of her situation.

“No, I am really almost peeing in my shorts” she answered. Then her face lit up; “Look, our stop is next, maybe I can make it.”

She then stood, and Nadine noticed a wet spot between her legs, as the girl doubled over instantly, facing Nadine. She heard a faint hissing sound.

“Woah, you’re really wetting yourself? You’ve wet the seat!” the girls’ friend shouted out. Now the unfortunate girl had all the attention, as Nadine saw the wet spot between her legs increasing and a small trickle was going down both her legs, as tears started to roll down her cheeks. Soon enough the sound of dripping pee from the back of her shorts was heard, and the trickles of pee going down her legs increased slowly, completely wetting her white shoes and socks.

“I… I… c… can’t hold it” the girl said, sobbing a bit, as she gave up. She parted her legs a bit and suddenly a waterfall formed between her legs, splattering the seats around her. Everyone was suddenly hurrying to get their bags out of the way for the already large but still expanding puddle.

“I can’t believe you Tanya, you’re 21 and wetting your pants like you’re a 5 year old, don’t you have a little bladder control? Ewww, there’s pee on my shoes too!” her friend shouted, as the train stopped, and Tanya ran out as soon as she could, followed by her inconsiderate friend. Nadine followed her with her eyes and saw her running down the stairs. Where the front of her shorts were still 60% dry, the back of her shorts were almost completely soaked. She clearly had already wet more than she had thought while sitting down. Nadine glanced over to her seat and saw the wet spot was bigger than a basketball. She felt bad for the girl, as she knew exactly how she must have felt.

As Nadine focused on her own predicament again, she noticed how bad she had to go too, and she still had a 30 minute train ride and a 15 minute bus ride with no time in between before she got to her flat, which was at the 7th floor. She started to panic a bit, but she was not the only one in trouble.

“That’s it, I am going to complain about this, it is ridiculous to not even have 1 working toilet on board” she heard the mother in front of her say. “No, please stay here, I am going to have an accident” her daughter answered panicky.

“Doesn’t matter, the more reason to complain,” her mother answered. “Let me go with you then, I am scared I will pee myself!” the daughter answered, as she got up and followed her mother. To her amazement, Nadine saw the girls butt and back of her upper legs were already wet. This was a new experience for Nadine: she had seen other people than herself have an accident before, but most of them were still little kids or drunk and she never saw 2 accidents within a few minutes. The last time she had seen someone who was not a kid have an accident that was not herself, was when she was 15 and a friend of hers was denied the toilet during a test, after which she had no choice but to wet her dress completely.

Thinking of those incidents and seeing the girl in front of her in wet jeans like that was making her bladder twinge a bit, and she knew she had to do something to prevent her being the third girl to pee her panties. She was really desperate now, and her bladder was still getting fuller and fuller from the coffee and soda, although it was already aching and pressing against her skirts’ waistband.

Then she thought of her old tactic for situations like this; it mostly worked to postpone an accident or just maybe making it in the nick of time. So she started to relax a bit, and instantly a spurt of pee was released in her panties, wetting and warming her private area. It was hard to stop after that, and some more dribbled out before she regained control. She checked under her skirt with one hand; to her surprise, her tights were still dry. This meant that in a minute she could do it again, as long as she made sure her skirt would not get wet, as it would show really well on this one. That’s why she used to wear dark black skirts in high school.

She went on like this, letting a spurt out every minute to ease her desperation a bit. It worked a little, and Nadine could sit a little more comfortably while peeing her panties slowly, without anyone noticing. Then came the 5th spurt; she relaxed as she did all the other times, but when she tried to stop another spurt escaped, and another. She panicked and quickly put both hands under her skirt, clenched all her muscles and managed to stop spurting. While the last pee was dribbling out slowly, she checked her skirt for damage; as she expected, her tights were now wet between her legs and on her but, and her skirt was damp now too. Luckily it was not that bad, but she could not sit on it anymore and could probably not afford to release another spurt.

Then the door opened and in walked the teenage girl with her mother behind her; her jeans were now soaked between her legs down from her crotch and her lower legs were thoroughly soaked. Her shoes were sloshing and she left a wet trail where ever she walked; she had a major accident. Her eyes were teary and her face was red.

“Just sit down wherever you want, in fact move around to some other seats too” her mother said, “give those ***holes more to clean up”. However, the now completely silent girl sat down and was not planning on moving before they reached their destination.

Not long afterwards, the train came to a stop at a station rather abruptly, instead of braking gently, and Nadine felt a jolt going through her bladder and felt her muscles relax; before she could realize what this meant she heard a hissing sound. She first got her skirt out of the way and then tried to regain control. Her bladder was still pulsing to get everything out as she managed to stop the flow by putting her hand almost in her urethra through her now warm and soaked tights. She had not wet anything crucial, but the woman in front of her had heard the loud hissing, as she and her daughter got up to exit the train.

“Are you also having an accident? This is ridiculous. I am going to write a formal complaint, and you should do the same” she said.

“…I …am in cont…rol again I think” Nadine answered shyly, humiliated to admit what had just happened.

“Well, I hope you can still make it home without a further incident” the woman said, as she left the train, pushing her reluctant, wet daughter forwards.

Nadine saw some people laughing and pointing at the girl as she got out, and some people watching in awe, as they used to do with her. Al the old feelings came back. Now she was dedicated even more to hold it, as she did not want to go through that again. There were still some people around her, now paying attention to her to see if she was the next one.

“What the f*** is that?” she thought, as she noticed a boy watching her. There was a huge bulge on the front of his pants, and he had no pockets to put anything in. “What a pervert, probably likes it if someone gets humiliated” she thought, and now she had an extra reason to hold it.

Luckily the next stop was hers. She walked over to the exit before the train came to a halt, as the bus would leave within a minute off arrival. This also gave her an opportunity to check her wetness; it was not too bad. Her skirt had dried in the meantime, and the back of her tights was not wet enough to make her skirt wet again, as long as she stood. The wetness between her legs was only a few centimeters down her thighs and she felt in control again; maybe she could make it with no one else noticing her situation, as everyone on the train was a stranger to her and they stayed there. As she got off, she heard someone commenting on how big of a stain she had left behind, but that should be the last she will hear about that.

As she could not possibly run, she was just in time for the bus, hobbling as fast as she could, but staying in control. She saw some empty spaces in the back, but pretended not to see them so she could stand up and not make her skirt wet. She put her earplugs back in, only to find out her music was still playing all along, and pretended to not see or hear the 2 persons on the bus she knew; 2 other students she had met once in college. Now all she had to do was hold on until she was home.

That was easier said than done; her bladder started filling up again, replacing the liquid she had let go in her panties. Half way there she started shifting and turning again, and after a sudden brake for a cyclist who was not paying attention, she could not stand still anymore. Meanwhile, there was enough room to sit all around her, but she was more comfortable standing so she chose to ignore that.

With the last stop before she could get out, the driver braked much too hard; Nadine could just maintain her balance, but her bladder had started to give in, and she felt her now cold crotch getting warm again. “No! No! Not now! I will stop this!” she thought, and miraculously without putting her hands between her legs, she managed, but her thighs were now wet almost to her knees, thus almost expanding till beneath her skirt. That was also the moment to get off, as the bus had reached her stop in the meantime. As she stepped out of the bus, she felt another spurt escaping, but nothing more luckily.

Now she just had to walk across the big crossing and into the flat, and get the elevator to the 7th floor. But the traffic lights were red and stayed that way. She decided to walk the first part of the crossing even though the lights were still red, as she saw no cars coming. Her wet thighs were rubbing against each other as she walked and they started to hurt. She waited in the middle between the roads as there were a lot of cars going in the other direction. She was constantly moving, and making an obvious pee-dance. Everyone could see she needed a bathroom and quick. As soon as the lights were green, she walked and hobbled as fast as she could, and she saw a male student, of whom she only recognized his face, cycling by and looking back at her, looking interested.

As she finally made it into the building, she dreaded the wait for the elevator; if it takes too long, she might not make it home. It was almost coming out again and she knew there would be no stopping this time. However, when she decided to look up she saw the same boy who just cycled past her holding the elevator for her. That was her luck; it’s obvious why he does it and now he knows in what situation Nadine was, but she did not care. It was a sweet gesture and she was very thankful for it. Only when the elevator doors closed, Nadine noticed how much she stank; the small room filled rapidly with the smell of her pee. Tears started to well up behind her eyes, as now this sweet boy would know she had already peed herself quite a bit, but she could contain them. What she could not stop was her face going red.

She still had to move around constantly, and faced away from the boy as much as she could. She felt her muscles start to weaken, and she started peeing slowly in her panties and tights. The elevator filled with a slow hissing noise, and Nadine felt the warm wetness expanding to the front and back of her tights and further down her legs. She could manage the flow a bit as the elevator came to a halt. She said “I’m sorry,” looking at her hero with teary eyes. She noticed a big bulge in his pants too, just like the boy on the train had, but she could not care. She headed for her corridor door, still peeing herself.

As she tried to open the door, her muscles could not take it anymore and the waterfall started; she spread her legs, doubled over a bit and started to empty her bladder uncontrollably. It went everywhere, her shoes got soaked and because of her position, a large wet spot was growing on the front of her skirt and she felt it hitting the back of her skirt too, making a stream fall from her skirt to the ground there, adding to the expanding puddle. She had never held this much pee before; the hall in front of her corridor was now completely blank, and it was even dripping down the stairs to the 6th floor.

While doing so, Nadine felt something she never felt before while wetting; she actually felt good. She had held it for so long, her bladder and her muscles were aching, and now instead of being in pain, her clothes got warm and wet. Nothing could compare to this feeling of relief; she was relaxed now and peed out completely. When she finished she turned around to check the damage, only to notice the boy still standing in the elevator, with an obvious boner; he was even touching himself beneath his pants. She then realized what she had done, seeing how immense the puddle was, and she could not hold her tears back anymore; she started crying and yelling at him.

“Go away, you pervert, do you like it when I am crying? You are sick!”

“No, I don’t like to see you crying, it’s just… ” he paused, “I like the way you look and the fact you peed yourself.”

Nadine was stunned. She even stopped crying. “How could this be? How could anyone like this? It’s gross!” she thought. She stood there with her mouth wide open, as she saw the boy have a fierce orgasm.

After they both stood in silence for some moments and when she saw the bulge disappear and only a wet soppy spot in his crotch was evidence of what just happened, Nadine said: “Please, don’t tell anyone about this, okay, it’s really embarrassing.”

“Nothing to be embarrassed about I think, it looks great” he replied, “but I won’t tell anyone… if you let me see your panties.”

She doubted this for a moment. She would really not like to expose herself that way, especially when she just wet herself like a child, and someone she knows could see what was going on and draw very wrong conclusions out of that.

“I’m not sure” she said.

“Then I’ll tell everyone I know” the boy replied.

She thought some more, and really did not want anyone to know about this.

“Okay, if you promise not to tell anyone”

“I promise” the boy said.

She then proceeded to lift her skirt up and pull her soaked tights down, and revealed her once clean pink knickers. She turned around for him, giving him a great view from all sides, inspecting her own damage simultaneously; the front was wet halfway up and the back was completely soaked, but you could see a difference; the upper part of the back and the sides of her knickers were a bit drier than the lower half, which were still dripping pee every now and then.

She put her hand between her legs to get that old, familiar feeling from having peed her panties. She put her fingers on her clit through her half see-trough panties, and it felt great. Much different than how it used to feel years ago. When she realized the boy was still watching her, she quickly pulled her hand away and she looked at the boy again; he was watching her with the biggest eyes she had ever seen, and although you could still see a big spot on his crotch from his cum, his erection had reappeared just is big as it was before.

“Alright, now go away please, I am going to get cleaned up,” Nadine said.

“I could help you with that” the boy suggested.

“I can manage, it’s not the first time” she said. Oops, now he knows she has wet herself before!

“Then, can I at least have your name and phone number?” the boy asked, hoping to see more of her.

“Alright, if you’ll go away. My name is Nadine. Do you have a piece of paper and a pen for my number?”

The boy handed her some scrambled note from his pocket and a pen, and Nadine returned it after writing down the numbers 867-5309.

“Bye-bye now” she said, as the boy gladly walked into the elevator and ascended to his own corridor.

Nadine got her tights back up, now feeling cold, and walked into her corridor. She got a towel and cleaned herself up in the bathroom, getting naked from the waist down and thus only wearing her white/black striped top. When she was almost done, she heard someone knocking on the door. It was a male corridor mate named Lewis, and he apparently was desperate for the bathroom, but Nadine was not finished yet.

“Hurry up, I’m almost wetting myself” he said.

“What the hell,” she thought, “if he stays there he will find out anyway.”

So she put the towel around her waist and put her tights and skirt over her right arm and her knickers in her right hand, while she got her sopping wet shoes in her other hand and walked out just like that. When she got out, Lewis stared at her in awe, but then he rushed inside and locked the door.

Nadine could have sworn she saw an expanding wet patch in his crotch as he ran in, and as soon as he locked the door she heard the splattering of pee, much too soon to reach the toilet.

“At least he will probably not tell anyone” she thought, and went to her room happy, thinking about what a strange last 1.5 hour that was.

*002*2012-06-30 20:27

Yeah, I know, I did not even plan on putting other characters in there in the first place, but it just sort of happened. I was describing it from Nadine's point of view, so you get what she could realistically see.

I see your point, as the boy who held the elevator for her did not even have a name. You may call him John, if you'd like.

Thanks for your feedback!

