Pinkie's Mall Desperation (EqG)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-10-30 01:22

Here's one I thought of this morning and came up with. A shorter story, and focusing on both extreme desperation and a more enjoyable pee accident. Another Equestria Girls fanfic (humanized ponies).

Also, please don't be harsh if it's too stretchy or low quality. It's been a while since I posted one of my fantasies for the world to see, and I'm a little nervous.

###

The Equestria Girls were out on a trip to the mall on a Saturday. They had fun going to all the different stores and attractions in the mall, before they had dinner at the food court.

Pinkie Pie, who was wearing a white and pink T-shirt and a short, tight pair of jean shorts, suddenly stood up. "I have to go pee," she said. "Real bad!"

"I told you not to drink 20 sodas right before we left," said Applejack.

"21 actually," said Pinkie. She downed her can of soda she ordered with her food and ran to the food court bathroom. To her dismay she found all the stalls were full. She waited for someone inside to finish, pee dancing. "Come on, hurry up in there!" she said.

Five minutes later no toilets had flushed. What was it with other people taking so long in the bathroom? She decided to try for another bathroom. She ran out of the bathroom over back to her friends.

"The bathroom's full, so I'll go find another bathroom," she said, talking fast. "I'll meet you back here."

"I do hope you make it, darling," said Rarity.

Pinkie zipped over through the mall to the next nearest bathroom, and ran into it. Once again, the stalls were all full. Surely someone here was almost done, though. She held herself, pee dancing as she waited.

But, the sound of a toilet flushing was no more to be heard here than in the last bathroom. Pinkie groaned and ran for the next nearest bathroom. She felt the pee sloshing inside her as she ran.

When she reached the bathroom, the door opened and hit her in the face. Pinkie fell on her butt, as Derpy walked out. Pinkie rubbed her sore rear end, and stood up, her shorts miraculously still dry. She ran into the bathroom, but saw three girls waiting for their turn in the stalls, some looking as desperate as her. She didn't bother waiting for them. She doubted all of them were going to make it.

Pinkie ran out of the bathroom to the next one, near the edge of the mall. Her bladder was so full she wasn't sure how long she could hold it for.

She entered the bathroom, but once again the stalls were full and there were more girls waiting desperately for their turn.

"Ooh... There's no way I'll make it if I wait for this," Pinkie said. "I really gotta go!"

Pinkie ran to the opposite end of the mall, for there were two more bathrooms on the other side of the food court. As she ran, she felt the waves of pee sloshing more than ever, as her bladder was absolutely full.

She glanced briefly at her friends, sitting at the table, as she ran by them.

"It doesn't look like she had much luck," said Sunset.

"Oh my," said Fluttershy. "I hope she makes it."

"I bet she won't," said Rainbow Dash.

"Rainbow!" said Applejack. "Although... she did look like she needed to go somethin' fierce."

Pinkie reached the next nearest bathroom to the food court, but to her dismay it was closed for cleaning. She stood for about a minute, pee dancing harder than ever, before she decided to make a run for the last bathroom.

As soon as she reached it, she opened the door with one hand while holding herself tight with the other, but once again it was full. There was only one girl in line, but she looked really desperate. Pinkie briefly considered tickling her into wetting herself so she could get her turn next, but quickly decided against it. There was no way she could do something so mean.

Pinkie ran back to the food court, hoping that by now someone was finished in its bathroom. She knew that whether or not she stayed dry would depend on this, for she was about to burst.

She ran into the food court bathroom as fast as she could. Unfortunately, the stalls were still full, and there were now two girls in line. Pinkie ran out and, without thinking, ran into the boys' bathroom. She usually wouldn't do this but she was in desperate need of a bathroom. However, all of these stalls were full too, and there was a man desperate to pee outside the stalls. She quickly ran out before he could see her and lose control in shock.

Pinkie sat back down with her friends, crossing her legs and fidgeting with her eyes wide open and teeth gritted together.

"Still nothing?" Twilight asked.

"They're all full or unavailable," said Pinkie. "I'm not finding relief in this mall. Not while staying dry, I mean."

"Think you can hold it till we get back to Rainbow's house?" Applejack asked her.

"No," said Pinkie. "I really, really, really, REALLY gotta go!" She closed her eyes shut, crossed her legs tighter, and squirmed even harder.

"Oh my," said Fluttershy, feeling bad for Pinkie.

"I feel your pain," said Rainbow Dash. "Once I drank too much cider before a game, and I barely made it."

"I don't think I can hold it!" said Pinkie, fidgeting harder in her seat and sweating a little.

"There's a gas station nearby," said Sunset. "Maybe you can try there."

"Too late..."

Pinkie stopped fidgeting as a loud hissing sound could be heard, and a pee smell was just noticeable among the food smells in the court. Pinkie looked down at her jean shorts, which were darkening rapidly. As they grew wetter and wetter, her seat became flooded, and pee flowed off it like waterfalls, forming a large puddle on the floor.

"Oh dear," said Rarity, while Fluttershy put her hand over her mouth in shock.

Pinkie tried her hardest to stop peeing, but she couldn't. She was wetting herself uncontrollably. She really couldn't hold it any longer. As soon as she realized her shorts were beyond keeping dry, she stopped resisting and relaxed. Her stream became stronger, and the sound of pee spraying denim got louder. She couldn't help but take pleasure in the relief after holding it so desperately, and in spite of the situation, the warm wetness almost felt nice. "Ahhhhhh..." she sighed, her expression changing to one of relief and pleasure.

Fluttershy felt a bit better seeing that Pinkie looked like she was enjoying herself now.

And she was. The relief felt almost orgasmic, along with the naughty thrill of suffering a pee accident. At the moment she didn't care what everyone else thought, besides, how bad could they react, especially to her? She actually started peeing harder, the sound of her stream growing louder. She closed her eyes and let out a moan of absolute pleasure.

After about a minute, she was still peeing like a race horse, and was still thinking only of the relief and what other parts of it she took pleasure in.

"She's still peeing?" said Rainbow Dash.

"She drank 21 sodas," Twilight reminded them.

"Well I'm... glad she's having fun," said Rarity tentatively.

"Can't imagine why she'd think wettin' herself is fun," said Applejack.

"She's just being Pinkie Pie," said Sunset.

"Are... are you all right, Pinkie?" Fluttershy asked.

Pinkie was too caught up in her immense relief to even hear her. She just continued to sit there, peeing her shorts and loving every second of it.

She peed for just over three minutes, before she finally stopped. Her shorts were completely drenched, there was a massive puddle around the table, and she was sure her white panties had just been dyed yellow. She let out one last sigh of relief. "Ahhhh, that's better."

"Wow, you really needed to go," said Rainbow Dash.

Pinkie felt her wet shorts. She blushed lightly, realizing she had just wet herself in front of all her friends in the middle of the mall and not even hid how much she had enjoyed it. She just giggled nervously.

"It's all right, Pinkie," said Fluttershy. "We still love you, even if you pee yourself."

"I... may have enjoyed that a little too much," Pinkie said sheepishly.

"It's not like that's the first weird thing you've done," said Rainbow Dash.

"And if you think going to the bathroom on yourself is fun..." said Rarity. "Well, I'll never understand it, but who are we to judge what our friends are into?"

"Yeah, those are all good points," Pinkie said. She giggled. "And at least I don't have to go to the bathroom anymore!"

The girls all laughed.

"Wanna go home and change, sugarcube?" Applejack asked Pinkie.

"No thanks," said Pinkie cheerfully. "I don't mind staying like this for the rest of the day."

And so Pinkie continued their day of fun in her wet shorts. They dried in the summer heat at the park. Pinkie knew she'd laugh about this in the future, and chances were this would not be the last time she wet herself.

This came true next time she needed to pee. She felt the urge when they were just about to walk out of the park.

"I gotta go potty!" said Pinkie, holding herself with both hands.

She was about to run to the park bathroom when Rainbow Dash quickly started tickling her sides. Pinkie started to laugh.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! STOP! I'M GONNA PEE! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

"Rainbow!" said Rarity. "Stop at once before she wets herself."

"No, I think she's enjoying this," said Sunset.

Rainbow just kept tickling, and soon Pinkie was wetting her shorts, which, seconds ago, were dry but smelled of pee. She was fully aware of this, and only laughed harder at it.

Rainbow stopped tickling ten seconds after Pinkie finished peeing. "Did you like that?" she asked.

Pinkie felt her wet shorts, and giggled. "That was really fun! Do it again!"

The girls all laughed. It was so like her to have fun being tickled into wetting herself, and Rainbow Dash knew it. Pinkie could be really weird but she was always fun to hang out with.

THE END

Right now I'm wanting to think of more scenarios where they find it enjoyable to wet themselves, whether intentionally or not. And I could easily see Pinkie having fun with it, whatever happened (or rather didn't happen) with her pony self in The Last Roundup.

