Life is Strange Story

Author: That_Guy

*000*2017-01-05 06:11

Hey so I had this whole thing written out but the website deleted it all, oh well. Anyways this is about the game Life is Strange, where a girl (Max) has the power to rewind time. This is told in a past tense narration, and switches to her then-present tense mind sometimes.

My adventure was really amazing, but there are some parts that you didn't hear. These were… less glamorous, to say the least. I cut it out, but I'll let you hear it. Okay heres what happened:

Okay so I was at the end of the world party, and I needed to find Chloe and Nathan desperately, but the only thing I needed more desperately was the bathroom. It was probably the worst I had ever needed to go, well beside that time in Seattle, it's a long story, which I shouldn't bore you with, but I will.

So it was a sunny day, I was wearing my typical get-up (t-shirt, hoodie, jeans), and I was at a concert. I went with my friend, who kinda ditched me for some dude. I don't even remember which band it was, I was just there for the friend. As you may know, concerts have notoriously long bathroom lines. I, of course didn't account for this. My friend was kind of a roadie, so we got into this pseudo-VIP lounge area, with an open, free bar. Now a little secret, I have a weakness for Shirley Temple (The drink, not the actor of course). Like screw guys. Two words. Shirley. Temple. So I must've drank a hundred of these (probably more like 4). I have what I like to consider a very tiny bladder. People say I actually have a big one, as I don't pee as often as them, but to me, it's really small. I still have to go once every few hours. Kinda sucks I don't have an iron bladder like Chloe.

Anyways so after these many Shirley temples I'm on a sugar high, and then it hit me like a truck. It's like someone just turned my bladder nerves on and suddenly my hands shot to my crotch, and my legs crossed, knees bent, holding in my pee. So I honestly felt like I was going to pee right there, but I figured this VIP lounge had some sort of bathroom, right? So I look around, nothing. The music is blasting, and the lights are flashing, so I figure I may be missing it. I keep looking, as I keep getting desperate, and I begin to regret those heavenly red drinks, which are now slowly trickling into my bladder.

Then I see a bathroom. The only problem, is that there is, of course, a very VERY long line. Just the thought of relief made my need that much worse, and I even leaked into my panties a little. I expected the VIP bathroom line to be nearly nonexistent, but to no avail. I know I won't be able to make it if I wait in that long line. So I keep looking. I'm getting more desperate by the second, occasionally leaking. I'm bouncing a bit and it's helping some. I then see a bright white light which appears to be a hallway. I go as fast as I can to see down the hallway.

Then I see that beautiful, generic sign of a woman in the skirt, and most importantly, no line. I nearly broke into a sprint, until I realized I had to pee so bad I couldn't remove my hands from my crotch, or uncross my legs, or my jeans would've become a few shades darker blue. Either way I leaked a little bit and felt my panties dampen. So I slowly trudge my way through this fluorescently lit white hallway, with the stupid punk music in the background. I take one hand off my wet crotch and I already feel the effects of the lessened pressure. I felt like my pee was mere seconds from bursting out and wetting my jeans like some child. I hear some guy in the distance yelling, but I'm way too far gone to care.

The man gets closer and I've just opened the door when he grabs me and shoves me. I leak even more, to where it's probably visible on my jeans.

“This is a restricted area miss, you can't be back here!”

You've got to be kidding me. It's a security guard. As much as David was a lifesaver (literally) I still hated him at his job. All security guards seem to hate me.

“I. Uh. Just need to use the. Uh. bathroom”

I kinda sounded like a complete idiot, but cut me some slack. I hoped my body language would help me in this case against the man.

“Well you can go and wait in line with everyone else.”

“I don't know if you're blind but I don't think I'll.. Oh! make it”

I leaked into my panties. And my crotch feels soaked. I look to examine the damage, and my crotch is noticeably dark and glistening, but it could be worse, I could still hide it with a hoodie.

“Okay miss, I'll allow it, just for the sanitation crew’s sanity.” Hah they both start with San-. Whatever. WAIT! I just got permission!

“Thanks!” I mutter, and I rush into the bathroom.

I shut the door, and see the toilet. Just looking at the toilet makes me leak into my panties even more. I begin to take off my jeans when I realize I have a belt on.

“Max what kind of girl wears a belt?" I think to myself

“Oh!” I moan. I leaked even more, there were now lines running down the inside of my jeans. And i could feel my pee slowly trickling out. I instinctively shot both hands to my crotch, which undid my progress on the belt. I realize that I can't stop myself from peeing, so I try my best to take off my belt and slide my pants and panties down. I sit on the toilet and moan in relief. It's over. It's finally over. I examined the damage, and it's bad. But thanks to the low lighting, I hoped nobody noticed.

Sorry to get sidetracked. Back to the main story. So I'm at the dumb vortex club party at the pool area, and I urgently need to pee. So I look around, and it was almost like the concert all over again. Except I actually knew where the bathroom was, and I knew people here. I make a beeline for the restroom. Despite figuring I should probably focus on the task of Chloe and Nathan, my need was too much. I rush in and Justin sees me.

“Hey Max how's it hangin” god he sounds like Bill Clinton higher.

“Oh um. Yea I'm fine.” I should really go, but I guess I'll be polite.

He rambles on about his drama, as I pretend to be interested while I pretend I'm not about to wet myself.

@@“Anyways thanks for talkin’ Max, don't be a stranger” God I wish. I finally get in line, and it's longer than since I got in here. What the heck, there were like 6 girls in line, now there's 8. The first and second girls look like they are even worse than me, and are about to piss themselves. The first girl is yelling at whoever is in there. The second girl has her hands really close to her crotch, daring to possibly grab herself. The third girl is kinda chilling, and is occasionally rocking back and forth. The fourth and fifth girl look like they have to go very badly. The sixth and seventh girl don't seem to need to pee at all, and directly in front of me is Dana, who looks like she's at nearly the same level of desperation as me, if not worse. She's wearing her cheerleader outfit, and stepping back and forth, lifting her knees as she does, with her fists clenched. At this point my legs are crossed, and I have to bend squat a bit every once in awhile to alleviate the urge. There's 2 urinals, both empty, and some dude is passed out over another toilet, without a stall. The only useable toilet has a bra on top, and I can only imagine some chick passed out in there or somebodyis having sex. God this sucks.

“Hey Dana” I say, figuring I need to keep my mind off my bladder.

@@“Hi Max, this is quite the line huh? God I'm about pee myself” she says laughing, but underlying sounds mortified. We make a bit of small talking until the conversation dies out, we both need to focus on keeping the urine inside of our bladders. Five minutes later and the line hasn't moved an inch. I'm really starting to regret those couple waters I had at the barn. The first girl, looking like she will pee any second, finally says screw it rushes towards the toilet. She pushes the guy off the toilet pulls off her pants and goes to the bathroom, in view of everybody, including some guys. You can hear the pee splatter into the water and it just makes all our needs that much worse. I bend my knees and out my hands in my crotch, and I hear Dana moan a little and she continues her extreme bouncing and puts her hands in her crotch too. Apparently it was too much for the second girl. She finally did resort to holding herself, and the front of her skirt is soaked, and you can hear the pee hit the floor. She's wetting herself.

“Poor thing” Dana quietly says to me.

Unfortunately for the second girl, but fortunately for us, a couple comes out of the stall. I don't recognize them, but I can tell they definitely just did it. The third girl rushes in, and we assume she does her business. Man I bet Warren wishes he was here. He gave me a flash drive, which he forgot to take his porn off of. I took a peak, and found these "omorashi" videos. Guess that's some weird Japanese thing or something. Anyways, The fourth and fifth girl, who appear to be friends, suddenly got super desperate. Like I can't believe they weren't actively peeing themselves. They both unanimously decided that they would just piss in the urinal. The one pulled down her panties and pulled up her skirt, while the other pulled down her jeans and panties, and they peed into the urinals.

“God do they have no shame?” Dana asks me. I shrug, or as close as I can to a shrug in this situation. So now there's only 4 of us left, and the first two don't seem to need to pee at all.

“Hey do you mind if we cut in front? My friend and I REALLY need to go.” Dana says to the girl in front of us, her voice full of pleading desperation. She looks like she's about to pee herself, but then again so am I. “Um… I was here first, sorry.” God that girl is a witch. Dana is crying, and her mascara is running. She's jumping up and down, her hands deep in her crotch, and I feel so bad for her. I can Though I need some time for self pity. My legs are crossed extremely tight. I have my hands really deep in my crotch, doing whatever I can to delay the inevitable I feel myself leaking a little. It probably isn’t quite visible.. Finally Dana cries out and she pees her panties. She slides down the wall, and I feel awful for her. But I have my own problem right now I'm leaking more every second..

The girl finally comes out of the stall and the next girl goes in. I feel absolutely helpless, and I still have a girl in front of me. I'm leaking far too much for my own good. God I am so desperate, I'm crying. The girl comes out and the other goes in. Come on Max, just a minute or two more. I try to resist the urge but it's too much.Finally it's too painful. My pee forces itself out. I stand there mortified, as pee soaks my panties, then my pants, and then the floor around me. I cry and wonder what I can do. I can't do anything with my pants soaking wet. I am then reminded that I can rewind time. Thank god for that.

@@I rewind back to when I first entered the party. God my bladder is full again. And it feels even worse after having just had that amazing relief. I, again, make a beeline to the bathroom. Justin calls me but i tell him I don't have time, and I get in line. I'm seventh. I just barely ended up behind the sixth girl. Now I shouldn't pee myself, if everything goes the same. The first pees in the open toilet, the second wets herself. The third goes in after the couple comes out of the stall, the fourth and fifth go in the urinals, and I wait for the third girl to come out. I'm extremely desperate and already began to leak a little bit, but thankfully the third girl comes out. The sixth girl goes in, and I think I'm gonna make it. I hear Dana moan behind me, and I feel awful. I can't stand to see my friend like this, but I have bigger issues. I'm nearly flooding my jeans, and I finally hear the flush. Just that makes me leak, and finally the girl comes out and I dash in, and I pull down my panties and pee. The pleasure is nearly orgasmic, and I finish quickly in hope Dana has a better will this times I walk out and I see Dana, sitting on the floor crying, and you can see her panties, soaked. Behind the girl. God I can't do this to Dana. I reluctantly rewind again.

Man it never gets better. The pressure on my bladder is immense. At this point I'm gonna try a different strategy. I find Dana outside of the bathroom, and ask her to go swimming. I take off my layers and we go in. The frigid water makes me spurt, and I just begin to go. I release the contents of my bladder. I close my eyes and it feels amazing. Then everyone gasps.and the water surrounding me turns purple. God what is this “Grown Ups”? The whole entire pool is disgusted, and I rewind.

God my bladder is SO full. It feels like every rewind my bladder becomes slightly more full. I guess that must be my bladder muscles being tired. This time I race to find the two idiot girls who barely had to pee, and push them into the pool without them knowing it's me. They don't call me the Blackwell ninja for nothing. I'm waddling at this point. And I go to the bathroom. I reject Justin, and get in line behind Dana. The first and second girl already peed, and the fourth and fifth are currently pissing in the urinals. I assume the third is inside the stall. Dana looks absolutely desperate. She sees me and I feel like I may need to pee even worse than her, thanks to the fatigue of my bladder muscles. I already have leaked to where it is visible. I definitely do not think I can make it till after her. She then suddenly asks.

“Hey I owe you one for lending me the flash drive and resolving that Victoria sitatuation. Thank god, I actually had to pee almost worse than now while I was locked in my dorm. Anyways do you-Oh!-wanna go in front?”

I freeze time, and my insane urge to pee doesn't go away, but it doesn't grow. It honestly feels kinda nice. Anyways I contemplate the decision. I know Dana can't hold it for me to go, but I also know that I can't hold it either. But I can try. I'll let her go first.

“You can go, I'll be fine.”

Dana looks relieved. The girl comes out of the stall, and she rushes in. I struggle to keep the pee in. I already leaked to where my crotch is plenty shades darker than the rest of my jeans, but I pray Dana goes quickly.. I leak even more and then eventually my jeans go from a light blue to dark navy. I start crying. It feels so good, but I'm mortified, imagine if someone sees me like this. This is so unfair.

I rewind a little bit, and tell Dana that I will go first, and thank her profusely. My urge to pee is so strong. I'm actively leaking, and I can't stop it. The girl comes out, and I rush into the bathroom, and barely get my panties down before I start to pee. I pee as quickly as I can, in hopes of possibly saving Dana. God it feels so good it's like pure ecstasy. I finish and rush out, but I see Dana, on the floor crying with a wet cheerleading outfit. I rewind a little by one last time. I can't do this to a friend.

I tell Dana she can go, and I run out into the party, in pure despair and desperation. I've never had this sense of urgency. Thank god it is dark, as then they can't tell that I'm already leaking to where it is really visible. Moving actually helps me hold it in, and I'm hoping I can possibly make it outside and find a bush. As I'm running out I hear a familiar voice coming from ahead. It's Warren.

My relationship with Warren was complicated. I liked him, but I wasn't sure if I liked him romantically. Anyways he sees me, and I'm running with my hands in my crotch obviously desperate to pee, and I see him just stare. Heck it wasn't even a stare he was basically ogling me. I then remember his whole "omorashi" thing and get an idea. He stops talking and I run towards him. He's standing on an uncrowded sidewalk, and I tell him that I'm about to pee myself and I need his help. He just stands there, and he tries to answer but his brain just seems fried. I, distracted by Warren, leak and pee myself. It feels so good, and I hug him and collapse into him. He comes to his senses and kisses me passionately. I then rewind and decide I wanna do this differently.

I rewind just a little bit, from when I see Warren, I run to him. I feel the pee nearly coming out. I yell for him to go to the other side of the building where nobody is. I grab his hand and drag him behind the building and kiss him. Boy do I kiss him. I push him to the ground and straddle him, biting my lip. I'm grinding on top of him, trying hold my pee, but leaking a lot. He stops and says “You can go and pee y’know” and, I just wink. And then I pee on his crotch, through my panties, my jeans, his jeans, and his boxers. We kept making out and he put his hand in my crotch as I peed, and it escalated from there It was the most amazingly arousing thing I've ever done. I wanted to do it over and over again. The best part was... I could.

@@thanks for reading!

~B

*003*2017-01-05 19:54

{{12 hours ago, Bellatrixfan said:

That was Awsome keep up the great work =)

}}

Thanks!

{{4 hours ago, facade said:

Wowzerz.

This makes me want to continue the Kate story i have going. Problem is I cringe every time I look at it (mine, not yours.) But this is hella good motivation.

}}

Reading your LiS story is very much a part of why I bought the game. I read it a while back and reread it a few days ago and it's pretty great. I just love the whole idea of the rewind power with omo. It's just a perfect combination. I also like how the characters are already developed so it makes the writing a lot easier. I don't blame you for not continuing your fic. I wouldn't have the patience to align it with the plot. God I'd hate every second of it. xD.

*007*2017-01-06 01:37

{{5 hours ago, Ranpalan said:

Definitely an interesting circumstance, but the switches between present and past tense were altogether too jarring in my opinion.

}}

Yea I'm really sorry about that. I wrote the entire thing, and then realized I kept switching between tenses, but I'm way too lazy to go back and fix it. :/

