Deltarune Omorashi

Author: ThatYellowSuit

*000*2022-10-10 02:28

Hello people of the interwebs! I have come back once again to make more content. In honour of me discovering that I'm Bisexual the first new piece of content I write (being this) will be male. With a mix of male and female (mostly female) afterwards. I do not know when it will come out because I've been busy but I hope you enjoy it when it does. See you soon.

*001*2022-10-10 02:36

Damn you autocorrect. Delta runs? Really?

*002*2022-10-13 21:26

Rouxls Are Rules

This takes place in chapter 2 and follows Ralsei.

"Well Kris, we're going to have to travel through the basement to reach Queen." Explained Ralsei.

Kris silently nodded.

"It should be easy, basements don't normally have that much in th-. Is that a giant lake of acid!?" Ralsei was taken aback by the sheer size of it.

A nearby monitor roared to life. "Oh you mean the free pool?" Asked Queen. "You will learn to love it like family."

"Why do you have this?" Ralsei asked back, not just confused why it was here, but how it was this big.

"It is my mansions energy source and fun to drink." Replied Queen in her usual cheerful behavior. "Also bye ha ha ha."

Ralsei just kind of stood there. Clearly confused about the conversation that just took place. Kris stared silently at the deactivated monitor.

"How are we supposed to pass this?" Ralsei gazes over to Kris who is already sitting in a swan boat. "I suppose that works. Haha." Ralsei laughed to himself about the absurdity of the current situation.

As Ralsei pushes off the boat he jumps in before any acid can get on his cloak.

"Seems like it's going to be a long ride, do you have anything to drink?" Asked Ralsei.

Kris placed several objects they retrieved from their pockets. Consisting of a Butler Juice and a Ralsei tea.

"You got tea of me?" Ralsei felt embarrassed, "I guess I'll take that one. Thanks." Ralsei motioned for the tea, which Kris handed to him.

Ralsei took his first sip, a fluffy sensation filled his throat, before a sweet taste revealed itself from the drink. He drank the rest of it quickly.

"Who knew my tea would taste good?" Ralsei was then surprised when his throat started to burn. "Hot! Hot! Burning! Ahh!" Ralsei grabbed the Butler Juice before Kris could put it back in their massive pockets. He gulped it down.

"Ugh, why was it spicy? I'm not spicy. I'm mild!" Ralsei said with his burnt tongue out. "This is just like when that ad kept trying to give me a gun. Why would I want a gun?"

Kris sat silently.

"It's nice that I can talk to you Kris, I had no one to talk to until you came along. You just listen to me, it's like I can just pour myself out to you and your opinion of me won't change." Ralsei smiled.

"We interrupt this touching moment for a special message!" The monitor nearby flickered on. "Kris get the Banana." Queen somehow said for the second time today.

"Kr... Kris isn't going to do what you say!" Ralsei motioned to the open path.

Despite their silence Kris appeared to think for a moment before steering the swan to the path with the banana.

"Th-That's okay, it's good for you!" Ralsei tried to twist it to him agreeing with Kris.

"O-oh! We're coming up on a tunnel!" Ralsei gazed ahead.

Despite Ralsei assuming they were close, the fact that the boat they commandeered had no power meant the only forward momentum they got came from the acid lakes natural current. It took almost an hour for them to reach the tunnel.

By then Ralsei started to notice a feeling in his nether regions. He shouldn't have drank all that, he thought to himself. Ralsei sought to distract himself through conversation.

"Are you enjoying the ride Kris?" Kris turned to Ralsei silently.

"R-right."

Ralsei thought to refocus on himself. He sat down at the back of the boat and gazed into the acid as a quick reprieve from his own thoughts.

Suddenly the boat came to a crashing halt, throwing both Ralsei and Kris forward. This unexpected motion caused a jolt to his ball of urine and only through a quick grab did he prevent anything from coming out.

"Are you okay Kris?" Ralsei asked before he realized he was still holding himself. He pretended to wipe off his leg before sticking his hand to his side with a nervous smile. He tried to distract Kris.

"O-oh! The island we crashed into has a bunch of houses on it! I wonder what would happen if we changed their color?" Ralsei deflected Kris quite well, as they turned towards the island. Suddenly a voice interrupted them.

"Ge hahahaha... Thoust Worms reallyst thoughtst..." The voice paused for dramatic effect. "Thoust had seeneth the lastest of me?"

A beam of light came out of the ceiling before Rouxls fell out of the hole and broke the spotlight.

"God Dammiteth!" Rouxls picked himself up off the ships deck. "Noeth matter! Chips Ahoyeth, Landlubbers!" Rouxls greeted with while drawing his sword. "Arrrrr-t thou ready-eth to visiteth Davith Jones' Lockere?"

"Could... Could you not speak with more then one accent?" Ralsei crossed his legs.

"Yeahth, alright." He replied. "Waite! Thou areth trying to distracteth me from mine mission!"

"What? No!" Ralsei began to explain but,

"I must conquere this islande and defeast thou! Then, giftingeth her a succulent island presente, the beautious Queene shall reward me by makingeth me her Left-Hand-Man!" Rouxls exclaimed excitedly.

"Hahaha! Me! The Ultimate Minion!" Rouxls raised his sword in the air. "Now, beholdeth! The forme of thoun destroyere!" Rouxls once again paused for dramatic effect. "Whatevereth this thing is!" The fake ship fell away to reveal the Thrash Machine.

"Th... This again!?" Ralsei squirmed, knowing a battle was about to begin.

"Haha! Squirming with jealousy at my battle Caravane!?" Rouxls noticed the squirming, but not the right context.

"Tis an-"

"Can you just start the battle!?" Ralsei was getting impatient due to growing pressure.

"Buteth my speech." Rouxls started. Ralsei glared at him. "Fineth." Rouxls said as battle commenced.

Ralsei's normal battle stance was not possible so he opted for a legs crossed approach.

"The Rouxls (pronounced rules) art simple! Conquer houses! Whoevereth has the most, winst!" Rouxls explained off a rules card he had taped to his hat.

He then took two houses before dragging Ralsei into his first attack. A cannon thrust itself out of a split in Rouxls sword and fired at him. With Ralsei narrowly dodging dry.

Ralsei clamped down on his penis, gripping it tightly with both hands to avoid even the slightest leak. He whimpered before being tossed back on the boat.

"Aha! Holding thou gut in fear of nausea causedeth by mine attacks? Thine would haveth to do better then that to beateth the great Rouxls Kaard!" Rouxls yelled over his own battle theme that was playing on a speaker he tied to the Thrash Machine.

Kris told Ralsei to distract Rouxls.

"Uhh! L-look! Queen's behind you!" Ralsei pointed before quickly returning his hand firmly into his crotch.

"Is thou serious? Where art thou Queene! Haveth you come to watch thine battle?" Rouxls looked around causing him to forget to play his houses this turn.

Kris took two more houses before Rouxls realized what was going on.

"Thou distracted me! Youeth just made a terrible mistake youeth did! Now falleth to thine power of this godeth of battle!" Rouxls sent out the Thrash Machine for his next attack which this time targeted Kris.

As Kris dodged the Thrash Machine Ralsei took the reprieve from battle as a chance to collect himself, and hold without needing to dodge. You can do it Ralsei, he thought to himself. This battle won't last that long, we're already winning!

"You Worms! You thinketh you can beateth me? I must conquer thine houses for Queene!" Rouxls acted bolder, drawing his sword for an attack on Ralsei and Kris at the same time.

While the Thrash Machine fired lasers at Kris, Rouxls used his sword as a lever in some sort of mechanism that began to drop boxes on Ralsei.

"Eep!" The boxes didn't do much damage but their impact caused Ralsei to leak into his cloak, as it was all one piece.

"What ineth the Helleth? Those were supposed to be bricks!" Rouxls stomped on the Thrash Machine causing it to fire a big laser and send Kris down.

Ralsei had to think of something! He needed to revive Kris but he would need to remove his hands to do so. So with his legs crossed as tight as possible he began the incantation, but as soon as the magic shot out of his body and into Kris Ralsei began to leak more.

"Waiteth, does thou have more houses then me? Cut the battle!" Rouxls yelled as combat ended.

"Oh thank you." Ralsei thanked Rouxls for ending the battle so he could finally get out of there.

"Ha! I haveth used but one percent of my power! Now face the true power of Rouxls Kaard!" Rouxls yelled as his body filled with energy. Before immediately turning everything below his head to stone.

"GOD" Rouxls flew from the Thrash Machine as it exploded.

"DAMMIT" as he fell into the back of the boat, jolting it just enough to rock but not enough to tip.

This massive shake did nothing to help Ralsei's full bladder. He doubled over, using all his strength to squeeze his penis into holding on for just a bit longer.

"Aww, does thine needeth to urinate?" Asked Rouxls, making fun of Ralsei.

"Sh-shut up! Please." Ralsei clamped down harder.

The boat began to move again without the island in the way but it wasn't getting anywhere anytime soon.

"I just need to m-make it to the end of the tunnel. There's bound to be a useable b-bathroom there." Ralsei told himself.

A new monitor turned on. "Bathrooms will be installed within 4 to 99999 business days." Queen said before the monitor flipped back off.

"No, I just have to hold it until we get back to castle town." Ralsei tried to explain it to himself logically. Despite their being nothing logical involved.

"Err, I waseth making fun of youeth before but thateth can't be healthy for thou." Cautioned Rouxls.

"I c-can do it." Ralsei kept telling himself he could as his state only got worse and worse. Even Kris seemed worried about Ralsei.

The boat continued to float along while Ralsei made unreasonable demands of his body and Rouxls tried to talk him down. "I knoweth what happened earlier but thine can't just make demand of thou bodyeth like that. Justeth go off the sideth of the boat or something. Pleaseth for your health." Rouxls kept trying to convince Ralsei but he just kept going.

"I am t-the prince of a kingdom! I c-can't just go off the side of the boat." Ralsei was just not having it. He had to go in a real toliet, he needed to.

Kris placed their hand on Ralsei shoulder, giving A nod to show they were fine with it.

"I-I can't Kris, I just can't. My body won't let me, if it doesn't get a real bathroom it just... Won't." Ralsei had his eyes closed and was saying this through gritted teeth at this point.

The monitor flicked back on. "Follow up to earlier announcement, we now have a bathroom. It is located on the third floor. Come and visit the opening ceremony! It only costs 25 D$ to use!" Said Queen before the monitor flicked back off.

Now Ralsei had a reasonable goal. As soon as the boat finally reached the end of the tunnel he bolted off while Kris dragged Rouxls behind them. No one could stand in the way of Ralsei as he made his way to his sweet release. A small glimmer after an especially dark tunnel.

After climbing up several sets of stairs his bladder was ready to burst. But his salvation lay in his view. "Queen's cool new toilet room. Only 25 D$"

Ralsei cried, the sight of this bathroom was beautiful in his eyes. He hobbled up to the door and inserted 25 D$ just as Kris got up the stairs with Rouxls. The door opened with a blinding light and... A empty room with a sign in the middle that said "toilet coming soon 3 to 99998 business days."

Ralsei fell to his knees, his hands still in his crotch and cried. Holding it for so long only to have the only relief he had ripped away from him at the last minute. His bladder ached to just release on the floor where he sat but he wouldn't let it. He just couldn't let it.

"Doesn'teth the Cyber City have a tolieteth?" Asked Rouxls.

"Y-yes! I'll g-go there!" Ralsei picked himself up off the ground, much to the dismay of his screaming bladder and hobbled back down the stairs with Kris and Rouxls in tow.

As the group got into the lobby they found Susie dozing off on one of the chairs. Hearing the commotion she perked up.

"Huh? Where the hell have you guys been? I've been here for like three hours at this point." Susie grunted out as she got up.

Ralsei didn't answer, he limped himself and the extra weight he was carrying out the door.

"You okay man? I can use my cool healing spell to fix you up!" Susie hurried to catch up with the group as they got out into the Cyber City. "Why is he here?"

"I'm noteth here out of myeth own volition! Thou worms stoleth me!" Rouxls yelled back as Kris dragged him. "Weth are finding thine a bathroometh!"

"You gotta pee? That's kind of funny, err you don't look that great." Despite Susie's teasing she was genuinely worried about Ralsei in his current state.

Every few steps Ralsei would have to stop to squeeze himself. He couldn't move much faster then a crawl. Susie sighed.

"It doesn't look like you can walk, I can umm, carry you if you want. Ill throw you over my shoulder, just don't piss on me right? Haha ha..." Susie let out a nervous laugh realizing what she just offered.

Ralsei couldn't talk, he just whimpered and nodded. Susie grabbed Ralsei, trying to be careful about touching his bladder which was visibly sticking out of the cloak and this point. And hoisted him over her shoulder.

"You'll be fine, I'll get you there." Susie didn't believe her own words but hoped that Ralsei would.

With Susie now the one in front the party could now move faster. Except when Ralsei made a noise, then she slowed down to make sure he was okay. Ralsei was barely holding on against the raging ocean in his bladder, only keeping the tap shut through his hands gripping his penis as tight as possible.

"Su-Susie?" Ralsei whispered, as he couldn't talk any louder.

"Yeah?" She replied, worried what he would say.

"I d-don't know if I can make it." He replied back with tears in his eyes.

Susie didn't know what to say back to make him feel better. Hoping he was wrong she kept walking.

Just then a weird looking Addison popped out of an alley they didn't notice. Startling Susie enough to almost drop Ralsei, making him leak a bit onto her shoulder.

"HEY! IF IT ISN'T A GROUP OF [MEDDLING KIDS]! ARE YOU READY TO BE A [BIG SHOT]! AND FOR THE LADY I HAVE [little] SHOTS IN STOCK!" Spamton flew out of the alley to shake Kris's hand.

"OH! IS YOUR [ANIMAL] FRIEND IN NEED OF AN [excrement removal device]?" Spamton tried to motion them into the alley he hopped out of.

"Y-you have a bathroom?" Ralsei was almost ready to give up hope.

"HOLY [CUNGADERO] YOU [LITTLE SPONGE] YOU GOTTA [go] BAD! BUT YOU'RE IN LUCK! FOR JUST [4.99 Kromer] YOU CAN USE SPAMTON'S [cool toilet room]!" He grabbed Kris by the hand and pulled them into the alley, while Susie walked in after.

"So where the hell is the bathroom?" Susie asked, annoyed.

"AHH! DON'T WORRY YOUR [URINE HOLDER]! IT'S JUST OVER HERE!" He flicked a switch which turned on a dim light.

The light illuminated a door with a crappy sign that said "Spamton G Spamton's cool toilet room and Kromer collector LLC"

"Youeth have a LLC on a bathroometh?" Asked Rouxls, reminding everyone that he's still here.

"YES! AND IT STANDS FOR LIQUID LOO [camping]! A [BIG SHOT] NAME IF I DO SAY SO MYSELF!" Spamton continued his salesman shtick.

"J-just let me in there! P-please." Ralsei bladder was finally close to relief as Susie put him down.

"AND IT'S ALL YOURS! JUST [insert Kromer]." Spamton kicked the wall making a little ticket taker come out before shuffling off to find another customer.

Kris inserted their Kromer and the door opened. A mostly empty room with a dirty toilet in the back corner.

Ralsei's eyes widened, the goal he had been waiting for. And now with relief in his view he stepped into the bathroom. Walking slowly and deliberately to avoid any more leaks, he got to the toilet.

He pulled up his cloak, sat down with tears in his eyes. And went, A torrential downpour the likes of which no Darkner had even seen. The pour of yellow liquid out of his body was deafening. He had a waterfall inside of him that had just been released.

After minutes of endless pee, he started to slow down, and after another minute, he finally stopped. Letting out a sigh of relief, he picked up a paper towel off the floor to dry the damp part of his cloak off and left the bathroom.

Outside Susie smiled to see him in a better mood. "Seems like someone's doing better now aren't they."

"Yeah greateth greateth. Can someone please fixeth my statue form!?" Rouxls frowned.

"Later, we still need to beat Queen and rescue Noelle!" Ralsei beckons them forward.

"Oh crap Noelle!" Susie runs ahead to get back to the mansion as fast as possible. The group races to catch up to her and meet the queen in the final showdown.

The End! Hope you enjoyed my first attempt at male omorashi! Let me know if you like it.

