Surfing Party

Author: Tree Trimmer

*000*2021-01-25 21:10

Surfing Party

Jason cruised along the freeway on his way to meet some friends for a day of surfing along a remote section of beach. His route would take him about an hour on the freeway and then two more hours on a rural two-lane road to the beach. There was a small community associated with the area where he was going to meet his friends, but it was nothing like the resort beach that was much closer to the city.

Todd and his girlfriend Dawn wanted to spend a day at the beach and had invited Jason to join them. Todd and Jason had become friends in high school and then had started university together. Todd had taken to university right away, but Jason had struggled. He much preferred working with his hands and left university after the first year to pursue electrical construction at a local trade school. After trade school, he was hired by a local industrial contractor, and since a lot of their work was in the mining industry, he spent a lot of time out in the boon-docks working at mine sites.

At 23 years, he was not tall, but a muscular man and in great physical condition. The nature of the work meant he was always climbing ladders and up on scaffolding, either carrying heavy tools or pulling cables through conduit. This particular weekend he was home in the city and jumped at the chance to spend a day relaxing and playing in the surf with his friends. Todd and Dawn had met in University. Dawn graduated with a Commerce degree and was working as a financial analyst for an Insurance company and Todd got his Civil Engineering degree. He had joined an Engineering firm and he spent most of his time in the office designing bridges and highway interchanges.

Jason had a Toyota Tacoma, a small pickup truck and had made his own surfboard mounting for carrying his surfboard in the back. He had been on the road for nearly 3 hours and was approaching the small town associated with the section of beach he and his friends were visiting today. For the last half hour Jason’s dick had been throbbing with that familiar ache that happens when he is busting for a pee. In 15 minutes he would be at the beach, and since he didn’t really want to wait until he met his friends and then have to run off to the toilet, he decided that he would pull over and have a quick pee on the side of the road. There was very little traffic that day and so when he came to the top of a small hill where he could see a fairly long distance each way, he stopped and got out of his little truck, unzipped his Bermuda shorts, whipped out his dick and had a good-sized pee.

In a few minutes Jason had made his way through the small town and over to the beach parking lot. He was just undoing the straps that held his board down when Todd strolled up beside him. “Hi, Jason! Good to see you! Are you ready for the waves??”

“Well, this is only my second time out this season, so I’m kind of out of practice. Been quite busy out of town the last few weeks”, Jason answered. “No problem, Jason. We brought Dawn’s sister Patty with us and she will get us going. She’s an expert on the waves”, Todd continued.

Jason hadn’t expected Patty to be there as Todd and Dawn hadn’t said anything about it when they had invited him to come surfing. He was mildly excited, though, because he had met Patty a couple of times last year at parties at Todd’s place. He hadn’t paid much attention to her although she was very attractive. She was only 19 at the time and he thought of her as “too young” and anyway, he spent most of his time chatting with the boys. As they walked across the parking lot to Todd’s vehicle, he told Jason they were all unloaded and ready to go and that they had brought his portable barbecue and coolers with food and drinks for lunch after their surfing was finished.

As Todd and Jason walked around the truck to where the surfboards were, Dawn and Patty were just getting ready to head out into the water. Jason’s eyes met Patty’s. “Oh, hello, Jason”, Patty bubbled. “I’m glad you could come today! The surf just looks great!”

“Hi, Patty, the same to you!” Jason returned. He noticed a tightness in his shorts beginning as he looked at her. She was a knockout in her skin-tight surfing outfit and her dark hair. Her outfit covered her from her neck to just below her knees, but it showed off her beautiful round bum and her exquisitely shaped legs. “Hang on a few minutes while I run and change into my swimming stuff,” Jason said as he took off for his truck and the over to the beach house where he could change. His surfing suit didn’t match hers at all. He just had a tee shirt and a pair of quite brief swimming trunks.

As he was changing, he thought of how gorgeous Patty looked and how plain he was going to look. The thought of her was making his dick expand a lot to the point that he had a bit of difficulty getting it stuffed into his trunks in a way that it would not be conspicuous. Hmm, he thought. This could be embarrassing. I’ll have to either get her out of my mind or else be careful to try and conceal this big bulge. The best he had been able to do was to leave it pointed up and to his right, and even then the tip of his dick was right up to the elastic in his trunks.

He hurried back to his truck to get his surf board and then tried to hold his board in front of himself to try and hide his big bulge. When he got back to Todd’s truck, there was Patty standing and waiting for him. Todd and Dawn had already left and were out in the ocean checking out the waves. Realizing that he was alone with Patty and probably would be for the next few hours, he just could not stop his dick from expanding a bit more. He was as hard as a rock. How could he hide it from her until they got to the water? He knew that once he got into the water his dick would shrivel up to almost nothing……it always did.

For now, he was horror struck because being alone with Patty like that, his dick was so stiff that it was under his elastic and almost peeking out!! How was he going to manage getting to the water? As he came up to Patty, he said: “Looks like Todd and Dawn are getting ahead of us, so let’s go!” He rested his board on the ground momentarily and with both hands pulled his trunks up as far as they would go while trying his best to keep the board leaning against him on the right side. In spite of his efforts, Patty had noticed the shape of his dick through his trunks and could see that he was totally stiff.

Patty moved effortlessly and with the grace of an athlete in top shape. She did keep herself fit with swimming, working in the gym, and quite a lot of surfing. Normally she went to the beach much closer to the city, but she always found it frustrating with it being so crowded it was difficult to get a good ride without fear of hitting someone else in the water. Today would be a real treat for her because there was hardly anyone else out in the waves at this beach. As they hurried down to the water’s edge she kept trying to position herself beside Jason so that she could watch his big bulge out of the corner of her eye.

She knew it was dangerously close to peeking out over the top of the elastic of his trunks and she could feel a throb go through her abdomen as she couldn’t help feeling aroused. She was 20 now and in nurses training at the university, and on the couple of occasions when she had met Jason over at Todd’s place she had developed a bit of a crush on him. She had had a few trips to the hospital as practical training and had accidentally caught glimpses of men’s dicks on a couple of occasions, but none were stiff nor did they make a bulge in their shorts like Jason’s was doing. Now her little crush that she had had on Jason was really coming to life and she wanted badly to be able to slip her hand inside his trunks and hold as much of his dick in her smooth soft hand as she could. It looked to her as though it would take both of her hands to hold all of it. Delicious!!! Maybe later if everything went well.

Out in the water, they began to size up the waves, and Patty, being something of an expert got on one and took a great ride. Jason tried as well, but his timing was nothing like Patty’s and it took him a while to get one. Meanwhile, Todd came by and chatted about the fact it was so quiet and that they should get in lots of rides. Jason confided that since this was only his second time out, he was quite out of practice. Todd advised Jason: “You’d better stick close to Patty because she really knows what she is doing out here.” Jason agreed: “Yeah. I can certainly see that! I’m going to give it my best shot!” Just then Patty came back, ready for another ride. Todd was in the water up past his waste, so she couldn’t see his bulge at all, and Jason was relieved to finally know that the coolness of the water had shriveled his dick to the point that it didn’t show at all. Now he could focus his attention to learning all he could from Patty

They spent the next 3 hours catching waves and with Patty’s help, Jason had gotten quite good at timing the point where he should get up on his board and ride for quite long distances. It was a big benefit that there were so few people there today. Once in a while when they took breaks they would talk about Patty’s nurses training, Jason’s job and where they each lived. It was small talk but it was fun to get to know each other a lot better. Both agreed that they were having a fantastic afternoon.

It was getting on to 5PM and they knew that it would soon be time to call it an afternoon, and they were just on one of their little breaks when they saw Todd waving to them as he left the water heading for his truck. Todd had been wondering if he should ask Patty if she would like to ride back to the city after their barbecue, so at this last break he worked up his courage and asked and was delighted that she had seemed happy to say she would. “Let’s get back up to the beach then,” he said as he reached for her hand as they waded out of the water. Patty quickly looked down to see his bulge, but to her utter amazement and almost disappointment there was none to see. She couldn’t believe her eyes! It had been huge as they were going into the water hours ago.

As they left the water, they couldn’t hold hands as they had their boards to carry. Patty tried all the way back to the truck to discreetly see if Jason’s bulge was really gone, and it seemed as though it was. Patty turned her thoughts to other matters: “Boy am I hungry and thirsty!” she said and Jason agreed: “Me too, but I want to get changed back into my other clothes first!” At the truck, Dawn was already getting things prepared for the Barbecue and Todd was loading the surfboards on to his truck. Jason took Patty’s board and helped Todd tie it down. As they worked on that Dawn handed Patty a large Gatorade.

“You must be thirsty! This will keep you going until our steaks are ready!” Thanks! I am thirsty and can’t wait for my steak either!” said Patty. She took a couple of little sips, hardly noticeable since it was a 946ml bottle. Then she set it down and told Todd she was quickly running to the beach house to change. When she spoke Jason looked up and saw her drink on the table. He was super thirsty so, thinking Dawn had set it out for him he picked it up and had a couple of big drinks. Just at that moment Dawn came from the other side of the truck and saw Jason drinking out of Patty’s bottle. “Oh, no, are you drinking that, Jason? That’s Patty’s! Gasped Dawn” Oh, sorry! Said Jason. I hope everything is OK. I just saw it there and though it must be for me!” Dawn gulped: “Uh, well, no, I guess it’s alright. It’s just that Patty drank from it already.”

“Ah, who cares!!? Jason reassured her. I’m sure she doesn’t have any germs that I don’t have!” Jason did feel a bit sorry because Dawn had suddenly looked pale and weak as though she could faint at any moment.

The truth was that Dawn had brought along with her several doses of diuretic and had added one dose to Patty’s Gatorade and now Jason was drinking most of it. She was expecting Patty to be riding home with them tonight since she had ridden to the beach with them and as well they lived a considerable distance away from Jason’s place. Patty lived in her own apartment by the university and Dawn lived closed by their parents not far away, and Todd still lived at home close by. Dawn had thought this would be a good chance to see how good Patty’s bladder control was. It was only a couple of months ago that Dawn had had to go so badly that she just couldn’t help peeing her panties in her mother’s car. It had been absolutely awful and while Patty hadn’t teased her about it, Dawn could see that she had enjoyed her terrible predicament!

The girls and their mom had gone for an afternoon of shopping some distance from home and had had an enjoyable time, stopping at a coffee shop at one point for a cappuccino and a dainty.

Now it had been time to leave the mall and go home. Dawn had complained that she really, really needed to go to the toilet before they left the mall. There were toilets right at the door so it was perfect. Dawn headed into the toilet. “Do you want to go as well, Patty? Her mom asked. “No, I’ll be fine. I do have to go but I can wait. I hate those public toilets!” Patty replied confidently. Their mom was quite a proper woman and had taught her girls to go right away when they needed to so they wouldn’t get caught in situations where they might end up having to cross their legs in order to keep their panties dry, and of course holding themselves was out of the question.

Patty had had to go fairly badly a few times at school but had always been able to control it by standing innocently with one foot on top of the other so she could squeeze her thighs tightly together without anyone noticing. This time Dawn had come back from the toilets right away. When she got inside, there was a woman throwing up all over the place right in front of the cubicles and, of course, no one had called the cleaning staff yet. There was no way she could go to the toilet here. She had stood with her legs tightly crossed to recover her control because she had been anticipating being able to pee in the toilet right away. Now her mom said, “Let’s get in the car and go home so you can go there, it will only take 20 minutes maximum.”

“20 minutes, I don’t think I can hold it that long!” groaned Dawn. Their mother drove with Dawn in the passenger seat and Patty alone in the rear seat. That kind of suited Patty because she felt herself becoming a bit turned on by her sister’s need to pee, and from the back seat it would be easy for her to watch what was happening. Patty had already noticed that Dawn’s face was quite flushed and that her steps to the car had been quite short and it looked to her as though Dawn had walked as though she was trying to squeeze her thighs together with each step. Patty had thought to herself that her sister was getting really desperate, in fact more desperate than she had ever seen anybody else.

On the way, poor Dawn complained about how bad she needed to go and continually squirmed in her seat and waved her legs back and forth, and then she would sit up straight, arch her back and jiggle her feet up and down on her tip toes. They were making good time and only had about 5 minutes to go when the traffic stopped. There were emergency vehicles stopped on the street ahead and they were trapped for now, hopefully only for a couple of minutes. Dawn whimpered: “Mom we’ve got to keep going I can only wait a few more minutes! What am I going to do?”

Her mom looked at her sympathetically. No mother wants to see her daughter in such discomfort, but at this point had no doubt but that Dawn would be able to wait. She had always told her friends what great control her daughters had had as they were growing up. She had never had to worry that they would wet themselves, even when there were quite little, so she was sure it would be the same today. The traffic had not moved for at least 2 minutes and Dawn was having trouble breathing properly. She was practically frantic now. She was sitting crossways in her seat, facing her mother and pushing her legs back and forth constantly so that her knees were moving back and forth past each other and now as she breathed in she drew her breath in through her clenched teeth “sssssssssss” and out, “oooh, oooh,” in “sssssss” and out “oooh, oooh! Then she blurted: Mom, what am I going to do I just can’t hold it another minute!”

“I can’t hold it! I’m going to have to hold myself, mom!”

Patty looked at her mom and her mom’s face was really flushed too. She felt her own face and she was hot and sweating almost as if she were nearly wetting her panties, but of course she wasn’t. She couldn’t help feeling sorry for Dawn, but her heart was racing with excitement of watching her sister struggle to keep from wetting her panties. Her mom’s heart must have been racing too because her voice wavered as she tried to reassure her daughter: I’m sure you’ll be OK. Just try thinking of something else besides having to go.

“Sssssss, OOOOh, OOOh! SSSSSSSS, OOOOOH,OOOOH!” Patty in the back seat was totally mesmerized. She had never seen anyone having to struggle so hard to hold their pee. She leaned forward so she could take every detail in. Oh, mom, ssssss,sssss, ooooh, oooooh, I’ve got to hold myself. I’m sorry, but I just can’t hold on any longer! Ssssss, ooooh, ooooh, Mom! I’m starting to go!!! What’ll I do? Dawn was just straining to hold on to her pee, but suddenly she felt a wet patch start to happen where she was holding herself with her fingers. Patty, looking over between the front seats at her sister couldn’t believe her eyes. Dawn was squirming like she had never seen before, both waving her legs back and forth and the pushing her knees past each other and now she was leaning back a bit and was holding her pussy with both hands. Patty couldn’t help gasping when she saw it. Dawn was sobbing now, and constantly squirming and jiggling. “

“You can’t wet yourself, dear!!” her mom gasped disbelievingly. “I know you can hold it. Maybe you should take your shorts down and go over the edge of the car seat so you won’t wet the seat!?” Patty thought her mom was nearly crying too, now. “sssss, oooooh, ooooh, I can’t take my shorts down, I’m holding myself with both hands and I still can’t hold it! Sssss, ooh, ooooh, sssss, ohhh there I went a little more, ssss, ooooh, ooooh, sssss, ooooh, ooooh , oh, mom it’s going!! Patty, still looking over and between seats just couldn’t believe how her sister was writhing. After all she was a full grown woman and starting to wet her panties!! Ssssssss, oooohh I can’t wait! It’s happening!!”

She held herself as tightly as possible and strained to control it but now there was a loud PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, as Dawn just couldn’t stop a big spurt shoot out between her fingers, though her beautiful white shorts and onto the floor of her mom’s car. When Patty finally realized that her sister was starting to pee her panties she got so turned on that she quickly hid behind her mom’s seat slipped her hand inside her shorts and panties and tickled and rubbed her clit. It felt fabulous!!!! She tried to picture her sister’s picture perfect pussy being tortured trying to hold her pee, being squeezed this way and that way between Dawn’s pretty legs and then at last being squeezed hard as Dawn held herself with both hands. She came quickly. She had never been so turned on, but had to try desperately to stifle her reaction to such a strong orgasm!!

As the traffic finally started moving, Dawn struggled to keep from spurting again. They were soon home, and as they pulled into their driveway poor Dawn could just barely keep from starting to go. Now she would somehow get out of the car and run to the front door. She hoped she’d be able to get to the door without having to hold herself. What if one of the neighbours saw her?? They all piled out of the car and Dawn took her hands away and sprinted to the door. Her mom had her keys in her hand and was a bit slower getting to the door.

“Hurry, Mom, I just can’t hold on any longer,” Dawn pleaded!! Her mom fumbled with the keys and Dawn was already having to hold herself with both hands again and now waiting for the door to open at any moment was running on the spot and holding on with both hands and bending over nearly double Patty had come up to the door behind dawn and watched intently as her sister struggled frantically to hold her pee back. Suddenly Patty saw Dawn’s wet patch in the back of her shorts expanding and then to her complete amazement, Dawn’s pee began cascading down the back of her legs and her shorts were soaked almost up to her waist band. Dawn was crying as she ducked in the doorway and Patty felt shocked at what she’d seen.

Back at the beach, the boards were tied down on Todd’s truck and Jason just had to put his away and they’d be ready for the barbecue. On his way over to his truck with his board he met Patty coming back from the beach house. Wow, she was gorgeous. She was wearing a fairly loose, skimpy light green top and darker green short shorts that looked quite flimsy as well. Although her shorts were flimsy, they were not quite skin tight, but Jason thought he could see her camel toe as she came closer.

“Sorry, I drank your Gatorade. I thought Dawn had put it out for me so I helped myself.” Jason apologized. “Oh, no problem. Dawn will have lots of Gatorade. She always does. She’ll get me another. I am so thirsty and hungry!!” she answered. “I’ll help Dawn get things ready,” said Patty. “I’ll be right there,” Jason reassured her. He hurriedly tied down his board in the back of his truck, making sure everything was secure, grabbed his back pack and ran to the beach house. As Patty had left him, his eyes followed her for a moment. She had bikini panties on under her short shorts and they made the most unbelievably perfect panty lines on her soft round, perfectly shaped bum. Now his bulge was coming back big time. She had turned around and waved to him after she had taken a few steps. Their eyes locked and she smiled, knowing that if he hadn’t seen her camel toe, he would have seen her panty lines. How she hoped his huge bulge would come back into view!!

Dawn saw her returning, and since she still had lots of the diuretic left, she added a generous dose to another Gatorade for Patty. “Thanks, sis. Do I ever need this,” as Dawn handed her the drink. Oh, by the way, sis, Jason asked me to ride back to the city with him, so I said sure,” added Patty. Dawn seemed taken aback and even looked kind of pale to Patty.

“Oh, you should come back with us. That’s so far out of Jason’s way to bring you all that way across the city,” said Dawn. “No, I told him that, but he said he doesn’t mind, and besides I kind of like him. He treated me like a princess all afternoon,” Patty countered. “Ok, if he is fine with it go ahead! You’ll have a fun trip, I know that,” Dawn confirmed. Dawn was regaining her composure and giggled. She was disappointed because she had been counting on watching Patty as the diuretic worked its way through her, but maybe she would hear how their trip went later. Besides she still had some diuretic left and she would try again to get Patty desperate.

Jason had returned wearing his Bermuda shorts and a golf shirt, and Patty noticed that his bulge had returned , but didn’t show up as well through these shorts as it had through his skimpy swimming trunks. She felt slightly out of breath most of the time they were barbecuing and desperately wanted to be on the way home with Jason….alone. With the barbecue over and everything put away, Todd and Dawn got ready to hit the road. “Maybe we should go to the toilet first,” Dawn said to Patty. Patty smiled, “Maybe you should. I’ll be fine. I just went while I was changing.”

“Well, you never know,” Dawn warned. “I’ll be fine.” Said Patty. With that, Jason and Patty, at her suggestion, went walking hand in hand down to the water’s edge. As they stood watching the waves for a brief moment, Patty looked down and could see Jason’s bulge sticking a way out in his not so tight Bermuda shorts. She decided to walk in front of him and hold his other hand. As she did so her arm nearest him brushed against his bulge. It felt hard as a rock.

“Let’s get going,” she said to Jason. “I’m with you,” he agreed. She was still carrying her Gatorade bottle from the barbecue. There wasn’t much left, so she finished it just as she noticed Todd’s truck disappear out of the parking lot. They were alone at last. Patty wanted so badly to be able to hold Jason’s bare dick in her hands. She felt sure he would let her in the right circumstances if she asked really nicely. She wasn’t going to let him have sex with her, but she sure wouldn’t mind if he wanted to play with her pussy. She would see how the evening would unfold.

They had just left the beach and the small town and had only gone about 5Km along the rural highway when they came upon a middle aged woman standing beside her car with one wheel jacked up. Jason slowed and stopped behind the woman’s car. “You don’t mind if we stop and help her do you?” Not at all, Patty answered. “I have a flat tire and I just can’t get the wheel bolts to come loose,” the woman complained. “Let me try,” offered Jason. He tried but couldn’t budge them. He wasn’t worried. He went to the back of his truck and came back with a long-handled socket wrench. He quickly took her wheel off and put the spare on. She thanked him and they were back in the truck. Jason’s hands were very grimy from the flat tire so he asked Patty to look for some damp wipes that he kept in the glove box for just these occasions. “I’m a nurse, let me clean your hands for you,” Patty offered. “OK, go for it,” agreed Jason. With his hands all clean, now they could get back on their way.

Once they were up to speed Patty took Jason’s spare hand and placed it on her bare legs. She had her legs together, so his hand just kind of rested on both of them. “Wow, nice soft smooth legs,” said Jason. Patty reached over and put her hand on his leg as high up as she dared. “Thanks,” said Patty. “Too bad your legs weren’t bare as well,” said Patty.

“Well, I could take off these shorts, I suppose. I just put them on over my swimming trunks so I’d look a bit more presentable for our barbecue. My trunks were dry by then anyway,” Jason ventured. “Oh, I’d love that,” said Patty. Jason pulled off to the side of the road, squirmed out of his Bermuda shorts, folded them and put them in his back pack in the back seat. He quickly and as discreetly as possible arranged his stiff dick so that it was pointing to Patty’s side of the truck. As he settled into the driver’s seat, he was alarmed that the tip of his stiff dick was under the waistband of his trunks, and almost peeking out. Maybe it was. He quickly checked it with his fingers as he put his seat belt on.

Back on the road, Patty took Jason’s free hand and placed it in her lap, but this time she left her legs apart so that his fingers dropped right down between them and then she closed them, kind of trapping his fingers between her silky smooth legs. Jason looked over and smiled. Patty felt totally happy except that she was feeling like she needed to pee before too long. She reached over and put her hand on Jason’s now bare leg. She was amazed at how muscular he felt, and wondered how she could get to see or feel his bulge. She didn’t have to wait very long.

Jason already had to go by the time he had finished putting the spare tire on the lady’s car. In fact as he was checking the bolts in the spare tire he had had to stand up and hold himself briefly in the pocket of his shorts. He would have gone right there on the side of the road had it not been for the two women being right there with him. Now he was trying hard to keep it a secret from Patty that he would soon have to stop for a pee. He took her wrist of the hand that was on his leg and pulled it back so that her elbow was against the side of his abdomen and her lower arm was touching the end of his dick. Then he placed his hand back on her legs, a bit higher up her thigh than before, and she opened her legs quite wide this time and his fingers slid easily down between them and this time he slid his hand ever so slightly a bit higher up than ever. Now his fingers seemed to be right where her legs were the softest and smoothest.

“You have the nicest legs, Patty. Sorry my hands are so rough. Don’t they hurt your soft skin?” he asked. “No not at all. I like your hand there!” she said. In just a couple of minutes Jason quickly pulled his free hand away from her legs and slipped them into his trunks under the waistband and held himself briefly again and then returned his hand to the top of her thigh nearest him. His hand was only there a half a minute and he took it away and fumbled with his dick again. Patty could feel his hand pressing against her arm as he squeezed and released his dick. “Are you OK, Jason? Am I hurting you? I can move my arm a bit if you like?” asked Patty. “No, No, it’s Ok, don’t move your arm.” Jason sounded as though he were in pain.

“Patty, I was hoping to keep this a secret, but I am busting for a pee, and it’s been so bad that I’ve had to hold myself a few times already,” he explained. “What? You’re holding yourself? Do men actually hold themselves?” Patty asked, incredulous. “Sure,” he answered. “I have to hold myself on the job lots of times. When you are working up on a scaffold and you suddenly have to go, you can’t always just drop everything and run to a toilet. Sometimes you have to stay and finish what you are doing and that can sometimes take a half an hour. I just slip my hand into my pocket and hold myself when I have to and no one knows anything about it.”

“Wow, I had no idea,” said Patty. “I’ve never had to hold myself. My mom taught us girls to always go as soon as we needed to. She would never allow us to hold ourselves. It was taboo!” said Patty, and her mind darted back a couple of months to the time Dawn had had to go so badly that she had peed her panties in her mom’s car. That time Dawn had held herself with both hands and her mom had not scolded her. Maybe it was OK in certain emergencies. Patty never said anything to Jason about Dawn’s incident. She and her mom and Dawn had sworn that Dawn’s incident should never be mentioned….ever.

Jason told Patty that he had had to hold himself a way back when he was changing the lady’s tire and that he had wanted to wait until they got to the junction of this highway and the freeway. There was a truck stop there and he had often stopped there for a pee on his way back to the city because they had nice big toilets there. “Do you think you can hold it that long, Jason, isn’t that nearly an hour away?” Patty was getting really turned on now. Two months ago she had sat and watched everything that went on when Dawn had wet herself, and now Jason was busting and she was alone with him.

She could scarcely breathe she was so excited. “I hope so, but I’m going to have to hold myself almost constantly from now on, I’m afraid,” said Jason a bit weakly. Suddenly Patty said: “Can I hold your dick for you and maybe if we both put in the effort you’ll make it!” She started blushing immediately and could not believe what she had just said. “What?” said Jason? “Help me hold it? I don’t know….maybe. Do you even know how? He stammered, quite surprised at the idea. Suddenly he grabbed his dick and held it while he squirmed and jiggled up and down in his seat.

“I think I’d better help you right away,” said Patty. Her excitement was growing by the second and quite forgot that she was needing to go too. She took off her seat belt and got up on her knees in the truck seat, turned and leaned over to Jason and quickly found and undid the drawstring on his trunks. She slipped her smooth, soft hands into his trunks. It was easy to find his big dick, although it was smaller than before because of the pain of having to go so badly.

She held his dick with one hand down by his balls and with her other hand she held his cherry in the palm of her hand and closed her fingers around all of his dick. As soon as her fingers closed around it, she could feel his dick growing and getting stiffer. As she had been finding his dick, Jason reached over and since Patty was now on her knees and facing him with her legs apart, he could more easily slip his fingers between her silky smooth thighs and this time he let his fingers slip right up until the back of his thumb was pressing right on her pussy.

He was sorry she still had her shorts on, because he knew from seeing her camel toe earlier that her pussy must be lush and rich. He longed to be able to play with her pussy. “That just feels heavenly, Patty, for someone who didn’t know how to hold a man, you’re doing a wonderful job. Don’t take your hands away! Maybe I can make it to the truck stop,” said Jason happily. “I think so. How much farther is it?” asked Patty.

She was getting concerned about her own bladder because she was having to go worse and worse and fairly quickly, although with all the excitement of her holding Jason’s dick and his hand between her legs and pressing against her pussy, she was still able to keep it a secret but she wondered how much longer that would last. “It’s still about 45 minutes,” said Jason. That worried her a little. She felt like she was entering unknown territory because she had never allowed herself to have to go this bad before. A couple of times when she was younger she had had to cross her legs in school in order to keep control, but it was never anything that was a concern. Now, the aching in her bladder was becoming serious and wondered if she should tell Jason about it. She decided to wait a little longer.

They were zooming along the highway with Patty holding his dick. She would squeeze it with both hands gently but firmly and hold that for 5 seconds, release it for about one second and then repeat that. Suddenly he began to jiggle noticeably and his was breathing in short little breaths and almost groaning a little. “ssssss-ohhhh! Yikes, did I squirt on you, Patty?” he blundered?

“No, not yet. The tip of your dick has been a bit wet and slippery the whole time, but my hand is still dry.” Patty reassured him. “It’s always like that when it’s stiff, especially when it has been stiff this long,” said Jason. “Ssssss, ooooh, I’m going to have to stop right away, and pee on the side of the road,” he said urgently and began slowing the truck. “Oops,” he exclaimed. “It happened that time for sure!!” Patty felt her hand that was squeezing his cherry get a bit warm and damp. “A little bit squirted out, but don’t worry, it wasn’t much.” She reached over and got one of Jason’s wet wipes out of the glove box, just in case there was another slip. Jason noticed what she did, and appreciated her attentiveness. He really liked her. Patty felt disappointed that Jason was going to pee on the side of the road and wondered what alternatives they had. She suddenly thought of her empty Gatorade bottle.

“Aw, Jason, don’t go on the road. Let’s try and go in my Gatorade bottle in the privacy of your truck,” she coaxed. In the few training trips she had made to the hospital she had accidentally seen two or three older men peeing into jars. They had bigger openings than her Gatorade bottle, but she thought there wouldn’t be any problem. Stopped on the side of the road, “I don’t think it will work, but if you say it will, then I’m willing to try, but we have to hurry, I can’t hold it any longer.” Jason worried. Patty let go of his dick with the hand that was holding him down by his balls and reached into the back seat and in a few seconds that seemed like an hour to Jason.

“Sssss, ooooohhhh, sssss, ooooh,” Jason was breathing through his clenched teeth just like Dawn had done, so Patty knew that Jason couldn’t wait more than a few seconds, in fact she suddenly felt the wipe that she was holding his cherry with get warm and damp. “Quick, Jason, roll towards me in your seat, so I can aim you into the bottle. Jason quickly pulled his hand from between her beautiful thighs to help steady himself as he rolled towards her. Somehow they had to get his trunks down a little further. “Can I let go of him for a second so I can pull your trunks down a little,” she asked desperately. “Ssssss, no000, oooh nooo, don’t let go. Squeeze harder!!” he could hardly talk any more.

She felt another squirt happen in her hand. “I’ll get them down! Just don’t let go!” He wheezed, barely able to talk. With his trunks down a bit more Patty was able to quickly get his dick out from under the waistband of his trunks and aimed at the Gatorade bottle. She was shocked at how much bigger his dick was than the opening to the bottle. She knew it was quite big from the feel of it, but this was the first time she had actually seen it properly. There was no way it would fit. She would have to aim it carefully. To add to their problems, now that Jason had taken his hand away from under her pussy, Patty realized that for some time, without her realizing it, he had been helping her hold it, and now that his strong hand was gone, she was having to hold it on her own. She immediately realized that she was busting, too.

“Sssss, oooooh, hurry, hurry, I’m starting to go I can’t stop now. Patty was desperately trying to get his opening lined up with the bottle but with her desperate need showing up at just the wrong time, she was shaking. “Let it go, Jason, It’s OK. Pee in the bottle.” She didn’t have to tell him. He was losing control and couldn’t see what was going on. He just hoped that she had him aimed right. He peed and peed. Patty was watching and was worried she would have to get him to stop….if he could. She had had to tip the bottle a little so that the end of his dick could rest against the rim of the bottle. He had started a little before she was ready and got a little on her hands, but all in all it was successful. He had been able to finally empty his bladder before the bottle over flowed. He had probably peed about 750 ml. and felt totally relieved.

This trip back to the city seemed to be taking forever. First, a stop to change a lady’s tire, then for Jason to remove his Bermuda shorts, then a stop for Jason to go in Patty’s Gatorade bottle. Jason had unknowingly quickly downed a diuretic-laced Gatorade before the barbecue and during the barbecue a can of Coke. The diuretic had really worked on him and still was although he didn’t know anything about it. Patty had slowly sipped away at her also Diuretic-laced Gatorade, and had a 7-Up during the barbecue. She had only finished her Gatorade before they had left the beach to return home. Now the diuretic was catching up on her without her realizing it except that she was noticing that her bladder seemed to be filling up quite quickly the last while.

Now as they travelled along the highway, about 30 minutes, maybe a bit less, from the truck stop, she was getting concerned. She knew she would be able to hold it that long. She always had. This was new to her though, and she had only had to cross her legs a couple of times when she was younger, but it wasn’t as serious as this was becoming. She didn’t really know what to do. She was still keeping it a secret from Jason, which meant just kind of sitting there and holding it by her willpower. She decided she had better tell Jason and see if he would drive a bit faster.

Jason had left his trunks part way down where they were when he was peeing in the bottle. He had absolutely loved the feel of Patty’s soft hands on his bare dick and the way she had held his whole shaft in both her hands was something else. Patty was having to squirm almost constantly now and she was pushing her knees back and forth past each other. The grinding motion of the tops of her thighs seemed to be pressing on her pee hole, and it did feel better. Jason noticed that she had seemed preoccupied since they got on their way again, and wondered if she needed a toilet as well.

“You’ve been quite quiet the last few minutes, Patty. What’s up?” he asked matter of factly. “I didn’t want to have to admit this, but I’ve been holding it since before we stopped for you to go, and now I’m just busting, and I really don’t know what to do. Can you speed it up a bit? I wouldn’t ask, but I am getting desperate and I don’t want to have to go on the side of the road, and I can’t use the bottle, so I have to wait for the truck stop,” she said sadly. He felt his dick get stiff as a board again, so he took her hand and placed it on his dick. It felt wonderful to them both.

“Maybe that will take your mind off your bladder,” he said hopefully. “Maybe,” she answered. I want you to put your hand on my pussy and squeeze her like you did before. Do you think it would work better if I took my shorts and panties down?” she asked haltingly. Jason’s heart was raising and his dick was nearly splitting, it was so stiff. Patty even noticed how big, hard and stiff it had gotten, and she was surprised that she felt a bit better. Jason could scarcely believe his ears. One of the most beautiful girls he had ever seen, with a gorgeous round bum that showed her pantylines so perfectly and the most shapely legs he had ever seen was asking if she should take down her panties so he could help her hold it better!!! Well, of course!!!

Patty slid her shorts and panties down to her knees, took Jason’s free hand and pulled it over to her pussy then pressed his hand against her clit. That felt so good. Hopefully she could make it now. She began to slide her smooth, soft hand up and down his dick all the way from his balls to the tip. She felt so excited, she forgot about her desperate need. They drove along at 130kph like that for maybe 5 or 10 minutes. “Whoa, stop, Patty!!” Jason suddenly said loudly, and grabbed her hand. “That feels too nice, Patty! You’ll have to leave him alone for a few minutes. I nearly came in your hand there, and I don’t want that to happen now, especially when I’m driving so fast.

She took her hand away and immediately her desperation returned big time. “I’m going to turn away from you and sit sideways. That will make it easier for you to reach around me and squeeze my pussy without putting any pressure on my poor bladder,” she said. “Ok, why don’t you reach back and get one of our towels to sit on and then you won’t have to worry if you happen to accidentally slip a little bit.” She got up on her knees to reach behind the seat for her back pack.

Jason followed her every move with his hand and made sure he was holding her tight the whole time. While she was moving around, he let his hand slip a little farther back on her pussy. “What did you do with your hand, Jason? It made my desperation go away a little bit, she said. She folded the towel up in four, placed it on the seat. “I just slid my hand farther back on your pussy and it feels like I’m holding all of her in my hand now,” he explained. “I’m sure I will be able to hold it now,” she said. “What’s that up ahead?”

“Those are the lights we are looking for,” Jason explained. We’ll be in the parking lot in 5 minutes. I’m going to go in the back way and drive right up to the “ladies”. I’ll run in and get the key and unlock it for you,” he announced happily. “Hallelujah! Now I know I’ll be able to make it!” she said happily.

Patty sat on the towel on the seat still facing away from Jason so it would be easier for him to hold her pussy properly. She knew she wouldn’t need the towel but it was good to have it there just in case. Jason kept his hand firmly in place covering her pee hole and Patty was squirming and jiggling as hard as she could. Now that she could at last see the truck stop her need seemed to get a lot worse and she put her hands both on top of Jason’s to hold harder.

“Sssss, ooooh,” that now familiar breathing through clenched teeth was starting. Patty could not bring herself to believe that she was so close to a toilet and also so close to wetting herself. “You’d better pull your shorts up so you can make a dash for it,” Jason warned. “Oh, yes, I nearly forgot they were down,” she answered. “Ssssss, oooooh.”

They were pulling into the back entrance to the parking lot and something caught Jason’s attention. Two tour buses had just pulled in and teenagers were piling out of them and heading for the toilets! The first bus driver had gone for both men’s and ladies keys. “Oh, no! This can’t be happening to us, Patty!” Jason nearly yelled. He had wanted so badly for Patty to be able to just run in and pee. He was finding it so exciting to be able to help her hold on, but at the same time knew it was torture for her and now there was a lineup. “What, Jason?” she asked. She had been sitting and leaning back but with her head down concentrating on holding her pee back.

“There are buses over there and there is a huge line up waiting for the toilets. The toilets must have been out of order on the buses!” he said. Patty started sobbing, “What will I do? I’m almost going in my panties. I can’t stand in a line up without holding myself, and that isn’t allowed anyway! Sssssss, ooooh, sssss, ooooh, Oh, no, I can’t hold it! I’m going!” she sobbed. Jason could feel his fingers getting warm and wet and knew there wasn’t any time left. In a minute or so Patty would wet her panties. He couldn’t let that happen to her. I’ll have to squat by the truck and pee there.”

“Try and old on just a minute and you have to take down your shorts and panties to squat any way, so do that. I’ll be back right away.” He darted out of the truck and opened his tool kit in the back, got a small funnel and a light that plugs into the power outlet in the truck. He was back in no time, but Patty was still sobbing. “I couldn’t help it. I peed some more in my panties when you had to take your hand away!” she cried. “Quick, turn to face me and sit on the front edge of the seat,” Jason ordered. He turned the light on and set it on the floor under her so he could easily see her pussy. He quickly reached back and got the Gatorade bottle which they had emptied on the highway where Jason had used it.

The funnel was fairly clear plastic and about the size and shape of a coffee mug. He used it occasionally to add lubricating oil to some his tools or to add power steering fluid to vehicles. It worked well for that because it had a long discharge hose for reaching into spots that were hard to access. Today its disadvantages were that it only held a cup of liquid and the diameter of the discharge hose was quite small. Jason put the funnel hose into the Gatorade bottle and was going to slip it into place under Patty’s pussy when she saw it for the first time.

“What? I’m going to have to pee into that?? It will be over flowing in no time! I can’t aim my pee like you can. It’ll go all over the place!!” she complained bitterly. “Don’t worry about any of that, Patty,” he reassured her soothingly. “I will look after all of that. All you have to do is pee, but you’ll have to stop when the funnel gets full, but then you can let it go again in a few seconds. Jason wasn’t sure which direction her pee would go, but he knew there would be a lot of pressure because she was holding so much. He quickly held the bottle with the funnel on top up against her bum at the back of the funnel and her legs on the sides and tilted down slightly in front so he could see her stream. Luckily she had opened her legs fairly wide. “Hurry, Jason, It’s coming again, I can’t hold it!!”

“It’s OK, Patty, you can pee now,” he told her. A forced stream immediately spurted into the funnel. Jason had guessed at just the right position for the funnel. He knew it would fill up fast, but it only took 3 or 4 seconds for it to get to half full so he told her she’d have to stop right away. He could feel her legs get tense. He felt a little panicky.

He hadn’t thought of what would happen if she tried to cross her legs to get it stopped. “Just try and stop, Patty, but you can’t cross your legs or even try to squeeze them together,” he cautioned. “I’m gushing! I can’t get it to stop!” she cried. “Just try your best, Patty,” he said encouragingly. He was already slipping his strong fingers under her, between her pussy and the funnel. He did it lightning fast. Her effort to stop had helped a bit, and with his hand covering her whole pussy, they got it mostly stopped but in the instant while he slid his hand under her a little bit of her pee sprayed between her bum crack and the top of the funnel and by her legs, too.

Patty was sitting sideways on the edge of her seat and steadying herself with one hand on the seat back and the other on the dashboard. Now she had both fists clenched tight, her back was arched and her head bowed and teeth clenched, giving it a supreme effort to hold her pee stopped. Jason watched Patty’s pee drain from the funnel. “Ok, you can go again,” he said. He withdrew his hand and immediately she gushed again into the funnel... Jason quickly did some figuring.

He thought the funnel, right full, would hold as much as a coffee mug, maybe 250 ml, but he had to hold it in a tipped position so that he could see her stream and then he didn’t want to let her overflow it so he thought she had gone about 200ml the first time, another 200ml, plus he remembered she hadn’t been able to help going a little bit in her shorts while he had been holding her, and another bit after he had taken his hand away. Maybe at least another 100 ml of those accidental leaks. Probably after filling the funnel this time she would have gone around 500ml. They would have to fill the funnel at least a third time and maybe even a fourth. He was just guessing.

They filled the funnel a third time using the same process, and Jason noticed that the force of her stream was quite a bit less than at first, in fact she had been able to stop her flow by herself this time. “How are you doing, Kiddo,” he asked, trying to sound upbeat. “Lot’s better, Jason, and thanks for helping me and being so nice to me and so understanding!” she said complimenting him. “I was thrilled to help,’ he answered. Do you want to do another one, or will that be good? “I think I’ll be fine now. I so wish that I had got you to stop on the other highway so I could have squatted and peed on the side of the road. None of this would have happened, but I didn’t want to admit that I couldn’t wait. Besides I just couldn’t believe that I couldn’t hold it until we got here to the truck stop. I might have made it, too, if it hadn’t been for those silly kids!!” She explained. What is it, another hour to the city from here?” she asked.

“I’ll drive faster than I usually do, so 45 min to my place, plus you live down by the university, right? So…..depending on the traffic, should be light by now, maybe another 25 minutes to your place.” Let’s empty the bottle on the parking lot and clean up a bit and we’ll be on our way. Do you know what? I could sure use another pee already. Do you want to aim me into the bottle again, or I could go and see if the lineup to the men’s is shorter by now. He said. “I’d like to aim you into the bottle. Besides it will save time.” Said Patty.

They had it down almost to a science by now, so they quickly let Jason go in the bottle again. With all the trauma of helping Patty go into the funnel and everything, Jason had forgotten what a beautiful girl she was and his dick had shrunken to less than half the size it had been earlier when she had been playing with it. Now it was easy to aim it into the bottle but it was still slightly too big to fit into the top of the bottle. Patty was spellbound and she held his dick as he went into the bottle, at how quickly it grew in size and length and how fast it got rock hard and stiff right while she was aiming him. She loved everything about his dick.

Now out on the freeway, Jason speeded up to 120 and Patty said she should call her sister. She still hadn’t pulled up her panties and shorts, so when she got up on her knees to reach back and get her cell phone, Jason reached over and slipped his fingers between her legs and slid them up to her pussy. The tops of her thighs and her pussy still felt a bit damp. He asked her if she thought her shorts had a wet spot in them, and she answered: “Oh, I hope not. I’ll check right away.” As soon as she had her phone and was back in the seat, she reached down and slipped her panties and shorts right off and held them up. She was shocked. There was quite a large wet patch and the green color seemed to make it very conspicuous. Jason was surprised too, but he remembered that she had peed a bit in them twice.

“What will I do? I can’t wear these home.” She complained. “Here, hang your panties on the signal light lever and see if you can hang your shorts on something else.” He advised. Patty felt a little self-conscious because she was sitting there with nothing on from her waist down. Jason’s draw string was still untied from before, so he wriggled around and got his trunks low enough that he could move his stiff dick so that it was peeking out over the waistband. He took her hand and placed it on his now uncovered cherry. Patty was regaining her composure now after her episode and smiled at him warmly and pushed her hand down inside his trucks so she could explore its whole length again.

Jason reached over and placed his fingers between her legs. Her legs were apart so he slid his fingers up next to her pussy. She was still sitting on the folded up towel, so she squirmed around and got it out from under her bum, partly unfolded it and left it lying across her lap, covering up Jason’s hand. She felt thrilled. They sat there in silence for a minute or two, playing with each other. Finally Jason piped up: “Patty, I hope you won’t be upset with me, but I have a huge favor to ask of you for when we get back to your apartment. I was hoping that if you have to go again when we get there, that you will let me take all your clothes off and you can take mine off. Then we could stand in your shower together with you facing me. I would hold you close and slip my dick between your gorgeous legs, right up tight to your pussy and you could let your hot pee run all over my dick and balls and down our legs. What do you think?”

“What? You want me to pee all over you?” she was shocked, but in a few seconds the picture started forming her mind. “Well…..uh, maybe, uh, yes, yes I think maybe we could do that, but no sex. We aren’t doing sex, OK? Yes, let’s. Now that I think about it I really like the idea. If you have to go as well maybe I could aim you all over the shower. Jason, you are something else. You have treated me like a princess all day and I’ve just had the most super time except for almost wetting my pants back at the truck stop, but that was my own fault.”

“I’ve had the best day of my life for sure,” Jason added. You’re the most beautiful girl I’ve had as a friend. I love your smile, your silky smooth, soft legs and your rich, full, pussy, especially. I haven’t seen your boobs, but I’m sure they are gorgeous, too.

Patty called her sister. “Where are you guys? I thought you’d call quite a while ago?” Dawn questioned, sounding a bit put out. “I know. This trip seems to be taking forever. We stopped just a short distance from the beach and Jason helped a woman change the tire on her car. Then by the time we got to the truck stop at the junction we both were busting so bad we could hardly keep from wetting ourselves. There were tour buses there and the lineups were so long, I thought we’d never get to the toilets. But now we are nearly back to the city.”

“Wow, how badly did you have to go? Were you able to able to keep your panties dry, at least?” Dawn probed. “That was the worst I’ve ever had to go, yes I was able to keep my panties dry,” Patty lied. She looked over at Jason and he was rolling his eyes, but then winked at her and smiled. She smiled back and gave his cherry a gentle squeeze. “I’ll call you tomorrow, sis, bye,” she signed off. “Are your shorts dry yet?” Jason teased. “No.” she answered, laughing.

“How much farther is it?” Patty asked. “It’s probably only 15 minutes to my exit and then another 20 to 30 minutes to your place,” Jason said. Jason had noticed that since she had finished her call to Dawn that she was becoming a little restless like before. She hadn’t been jiggling or anything obvious, but he was getting to know by the little squirming and slight changing of positions that she was probably having to go again. His dick got a bit stiffer. She would for sure be holding back lots of pee by the time they got to her place. That would be good for the favor she was going to do for him. “There’s the first traffic light. Two more after that is my exit and then we’ll be on our way to your apartment.” Jason announced. “Oh, that’s the best news!” she said. She was quiet for a minute or two. “Jason, I hope you won’t be upset with me, but I just really have to go again. I can’t believe it.”

“How bad do you think it is, Patty? I don’t care how many times you have to go, I could never be upset with you for that,” he reassured her. Jason had tightened his grip on her pussy while she was still talking to Dawn because he had thought he could sense her squirming a little. She sounded dejected. “It’s really getting bad again. If it weren’t that you were holding me I would have to be jiggling and squirming like before. There is no way I can wait until we get to my place. Can we please stop in at your place so I can finally have a proper pee?”

“Sure, we can do that. One more traffic light and then it’s my exit and then just 3 or 4 more minutes and we’ll be there. I am on the 5th floor, so a little elevator ride and we’ll be there. You may as well put your panties and shorts back on.”

“Maybe I’ll leave my panties here and just put my shorts back on. I won’t even button them up.” She held her shorts up and they were both a bit shocked that they were not quite dry and you could easily see that they had been wet above where her pubic hair would have ended. Patty had withdrawn her hand from inside his trunks so she could deal with her shorts, and right away Jason became aware that he had to go again as well. What a pair. It was quite unbelievable. Are you ready, Patty?” he asked. I’m going to take my hand away,” he warned. “OK, but I wish you didn’t have to, but I know I have to get these shorts back on.”

He pulled his hand away. “Oh, do I ever have to go again. I’m so glad we can stop soon. “Sssss, ooooh, oh, my, do I ever have to go. I can’t wait much longer.” She was breathing in and out through her clenched teeth. Jason’s heart was pounding because he knew by her voice that she was desperate and might soon be frantic for a toilet.

Jason wheeled into his underground parking spot. “We’re here, sweetie,” He exclaimed, trying to lift her spirits. They opened their doors and got out. Both were stiff from sitting so long. Patty wound the towel around herself and followed Jason. She had noticed that when he came around to her side of the truck he was holding himself. She wasn’t surprised and wished she could be holding him. In the basement vestibule, Jason held himself briefly as he pushed the “UP” button. They had to wait about 30 seconds for the doors to open. Patty seemed to be beside herself. She could not stop moving. She was running on the spot, and even when she bent over double she kept on running. “Ssssss, oooohh, ssssss, oooooh, I hope nobody else is in the elevator because I hope you will help me hold it while we ride up.” She whimpered.

The elevator opened and to their great relief, they were alone. “Quick, help me Jason! Ssssss, oooohh, sssss, oooh, oh, no, I’m starting to go, oh, oh, squeeze me tighter, please!” she cried. Jason let go of his throbbing dick, put one arm around Patty to support her and forcing his other hand between her legs tried to get it up to her pussy. She quickly relaxed her legs to give him space to get his hand in position. He was just beginning to squeeze her when he felt a flood of hot pee gush into his hand. At her order he squeeze really tight. “Can you get it stopped, sweetie?” he asked. “I’m trying to,” she sobbed, as she did a really high leg lift and crossed her lifted leg over the other one and squeezed hard, nearly crushing Jason’s fingers. Her gush had run through Jason’s fingers, down her legs to her feet and a lot of drops fell on the elevator floor, but now with her supreme effort they were able to get it stopped.

At the 5th floor the elevator opened, they peered out, saw no one so they ran as hard as they could down the hall, Jason had a coded lock, which he opened. He locked it behind them. He ran down the hall undressing as he went. “Here, Patty.” And they ran into his bathroom. “Let’s do that favor now, Patty.”

“I will if I can,” she answered. “I’m sure it’ll work,” said Jason. “Here I’ll hold your pussy while you take off your top and bra.” He held himself with one hand, and her pussy with the other. He was taken aback with the beauty of her boobs as they seemed to roll out of her bra. “I’ll keep holding you while you slip your shorts down over your bum, then you slip your hand under mine and hold yourself while I take your shorts right off. Her shorts were wet right up to the waist band now, but after that momentary gush she was still desperate but at least not as frantic as she had been. “Let’s hurry,” she pleaded, “It’s going to start again right away!” He grabbed her bare pussy and following right close behind her they stepped into the shower. He turned her to face him and he wrapped his arms around her, drew her close, kissed her forehead, nibbled her ears and the ended with a long kiss on her lips.

She had been jiggling the whole time so he slipped his dick between her legs and she reached around her bum and under her bum and pulled his dick as far as it could reach. “Ssss, ooooh, I can’t hold it another second!” She relaxed all her bladder muscles and her pee gushed out all over Jason’s dick, over his balls and down their legs. She peed and peed. Jason wondered how much she had been holding. Whatever it was, it was a LOT. When it stopped flowing, Jason felt the tenseness leave her body and she momentarily rested her head on his chest. He pulled his dick out from between her legs and he held it for a moment.

“Do you want to aim me?” he asked. “Yes, of course.” And right away she took it out of his hand and as she waved it around and up and down, his stream seemed to be going everywhere. Soon his stream stopped. “How much do you think you were holding, Jason?” she asked. “Not as much as you were, that’s for sure. I think we should have let you pee more into the bottle at the truck stop. You couldn’t have been nearly finished.” He answered.

Jason turned the shower head down and to one corner so that it wouldn’t spray Patty’s hair and turned the water on. They stood holding hands in the other corner until the water turned warm. Then he grabbed a bottle of body soap and poured a liberal amount over her boobs and back and over his belly. He turned the shower head to the center of the shower but as straight down as possible. He turned her so that her back was to him and he spread the soap all over her. Over and under her boobs, over her tummy, pussy and her silky smooth legs. While he was doing that, she reached behind her back because she could feel his stiff dick poking her back.

She grabbed his slippery dick and slipped it between her legs and as far as it could reach toward her pussy. Patty was as tall as Jason, so he only had to bend his knees slightly for his dick to fit perfectly between her legs. She was already running her fingers up and down his dick from his balls right to the tip. Suddenly Jason started breathing heavily and thrusting his dick band forth under her pussy. Patty realized he must be close to cumming so she tightened her grip very slightly and quickened her motion. In a minute Jason was gasping for breath. “I’m cumming, I’m cumming, sweetie. He gasped.

When they finished their shower, Jason grabbed a towel and dried her whole body and then she dried him. He picked her up in his arms, carried her into the bedroom and laid her gently on his bed. He crawled on beside her. “Remember, we aren’t having sex, right,” she warned. “Right, but you already helped me cum. Now I want to help you. Let’s try this.” He put a few small drops of hand lotion on the middle of the third finger of his left hand, reached down and slipped his finger between her gorgeous, rich, lush, labia and over her clitoris. He stopped there and moved his finger back and forth gently.

She gasped a little bit. It had felt absolutely heavenly and she wanted him to keep on. He slipped his right arm under her neck and drew her to him. He was on his right side and he leaned toward her, rubbing her dainty eyebrows with his nose, and rubbing her nose. He nibbled her ear closest to him then leaned farther over and at the same time drew her close and she co-operated nicely by rolling a bit toward him so he could nibble her other ear. He kissed her neck and cheek in a couple of places, and then right on her lips.

As she had rolled toward him for their kiss she had reached down with both hands and held his entire dick from in front of his balls right to the tip of his cherry. Her heart was pounding and as she held his dick and played with it he rubbed her clit a little harder and faster, she was beginning to gasp for breath and he went back to kissing her lips aggressively. Suddenly she was thrusting her pelvis up and down and gasping for breath. She had just had a fabulous orgasm. They lay resting for 10 minutes and he gave her another wonderful orgasm

The next day in class, she was a write off. She couldn’t think of anything other than the fun time she had had with Jason. Her mind wandered continually, thinking of his big bulge and how stiff and hard his dick was. She really liked him. She didn’t care that she had wet herself in Jason’s elevator. Quite a few drops went on the floor. It wasn’t as though she had soaked it. They had agreed that her accident would be their secret and no one else would ever hear about it. Jason seemed to like her. She had promised him on the way to her apartment that the next time they were together she would prove to him that she wasn’t a wimp and that she could almost always hold it for hours without having to hold herself. Jason had assured her that he would not change the slightest little detail of their day and that he had lots of other favors to ask of her.

She told him she could not wait to do his favors! She might have some for him to do too!

*002*2021-01-26 03:41

Thank you! It's a fiction story based on a lot of activities that I and my girlfriend, of several years ago, did.

