Urination of a Eunuch

Author: TopCat31

*000*2023-06-09 06:00

This is my first story here about some longstanding fictional characters from my brain. Enjoy 🙂

Emma ran along the beach, the wet sand slapping beneath her feet. She knew that she would catch up with Tim, as he'd never really been much of a runner, but he'd had a good head start. She could see he was heading out to the sandbar and was wading through the last stretch of water before the dry sand.

Tim had quietly slipped away from the group, never being one for crowds and wanted to get to the sandbar before the tide cut it off and there wasn't anyone out there. Upon arrival he knelt down to process his thoughts from the morning, it didn't take much to overload his mind and all the people had done just that.

Emma soon caught up with him but slowed to a walk knowing what he was thinking. Her eyes played tricks with his beige baggy t-shirt blending with the sand making her think he was only in pair of red swim briefs for a few moments. Without announcing her presence she sat down cross-legged in front of him, brushing her ginger hair out of her face.

Without a word or looking up, Tim pushed her shoulder causing her legs to raise, using the momentum Emma rolled backwards over her head landing with a thud on her knees. Smiling at each other, Emma crawled forward and nudged Tim onto his back with her head and resting it on his tummy began to soak up the sunshine as they sank into their own little world.

Emma soon could hear some gurgling from inside of Tim, rolling to look at him asked "You ok, you're kinda gurgling inside?" Blushing slightly he replied "I kinda need a wee" Emma puzzled asked "Didn't you go at the car park when we arrived?" remembering seeing him go into the toilets and unsure why he didn't say anything. Tim shook his head "only the urinals were free..." indicating down "... I don't have the right equipment for them anymore"

Emma was mortified with herself, she'd completely forgotten about his 'accident', as it's become referred to, and began to wonder how he did pee without a willy, even what he looked like down there. Also why hadn't he said he needed a wee, it wasn't like they were adverse to the topic, or any topic.

Her silence was making Tim very nervous and scared he'd crossed a line. Twirling his fingers nervously he enquired "Emma? Have I crossed a line?". Snapping out of her thoughts, smiled said "Course not, just wondering why you didn't say sooner." She sat up allowing him to do the same, pausing to look around and take in the view.

Tim stood up, pulling Emma to her feet, her white one-piece swimsuit now speckled with patches of wet sand. "So, where shall we dig?" Emma enquired, referring to their usual beach activity. Tim replied "I need to wee" indicating towards the toilets. Slightly awkwardly she replied "Oh, I umm..." indicating to where they were sat "... thought you were going to go here. You don't want to go all the way back?"

Tim looked slightly surprised "Not particularly but can't squat down out here. And still not supposed to be in water". Emma smiled at the thought of her friend squatting to pee "so, just go in your swimsuit, part of the fun is not stopping for a wee wee" Tim smiles at her use of childish terms, doubtful he'd make it back anyway.

They've walked to the top of the sandbar, Emma kneels down and starts shifting sand. She paused when she realises Tim is standing, she sees a small wet patch appear at his feet. Her curiosity getting the better of her, her eyes wonder up seeing a wet spot on Tim's red swim briefs, glistening as fresh wee escapes his body. Her mouth turns dry and feels a slight rush at what she is witnessing.

There's a slight smell of wee in the air, as Emma sees the glistening stop and the stream flowing down Tim's leg fade. Standing up she looks over to Tim, smiling sweetly, who smiles back blushing slightly. "All better?" She asks innocently. "Much" comes a reply as he sits on the opposite side of the dig site.

To be continued...

*001*2023-07-04 07:34

PART 2

The hole had gotten quite deep, both of them had to lie down to reach the bottom. They had also built in a ring of seats or step and water was starting to fill the bottom, the banks of displaced sand were high enough that if you got in and sat down only your head would be visible from the beach, which was now pretty far away.

They both got in to work on the outer bank. Emma chuckled, while tying her hair into a ponytail, noting "we've actually just made a hot tub". Tim looks around and confirms "oh yeah, just need the bubbles and hot water" he sloshed his feet about. Emma laughed "well I can help with the bubbles but the hot might not be water" she said with a very mischievous smile. Tim smiled back and hip checked her away playfully.

The pair had never been intimate but there was a great deal of affection and playfulness between them. Their play fights were legendary growing up amongst the group and many bumps and bruises had been shared between them. Grace had always wished they'd develop into something else but never pursued it, except in fantasies.

Tim had always had a little crush on Emma, ever since they met at scouts but was too nervous to push anything and risk his closest friendship. Given his new anatomical situation he was sure they'd be zero interest, which didn't bother him providing he could keep being friends.

Emma responded to the hip check by lifting Tim's t-shirt over his head and pushing him over. She hadn't seen his body, in probably years, and was surprised it was abit muscly, not a six pack but a flat firm belly and strong back. Before he could retaliate she climbed out of the hole and adopted and defensive posture, the seriousness betrayed by a beaming smile.

Tim laughed as he removed his t-shirt entirely, exposing his hairless untanned torso to the sun. Jumping out of the hole in pursuit of Emma. He went straight for a tackle knocking them both off balance but Emma made good contact with a knee to the rib, spinning them around so she landed on top as they hit the ground.

She wasted no time and started tickling him. Attempting to block her arms while laughing Tim failed in every attempt, Emma had him good. The pair laughing as Emma straddled him continuing her tickling assault.

A wet warmth spread between them. Tim managed to grab her wrists both panting for breath through laughter. The feeling continued to spread. Emma bent down and brushed their noses together smiling, said "have you done another wee wee? If so I think I win". Tim touched their noses together in reply "Only this round" he said determined.

*002*2023-07-22 21:59

PART 3

Emma was straddling Tim but he had both her arms good and tight creating a sort of stalemate between them, this faded into a calm as they both stopped struggling. Emma took a moment to admire Tim's body, she liked what she saw.

Without warning Tim summoned all his core strength and used his superior weight to role Emma off him. Keeping the momentum to get some distance between them. Rolling over a few times he planted the hands and feet into the sand facing Emma crouching ready to pounce. As Emma recovered he let out a soft growl and bared his teeth.

Emma got into a squat position and hissed also baring her teeth. It had probably been years since they last had a play fight like this, they were stronger so needed to be careful not to do cause harm. Tim felt an ache in his ribs where Emma's knee got him and knew the gloves were off.

Emma pounced, Tim quickly followed and the pair collided with a thud. Landing on their feet but staggering off balance from the impact. Tim flew an elbow in for Emma's hip, making half contact as Emma attempted to deflect. Her other fist following up her movement misses as Tim ducks, who lands a blow to her tummy with his other elbow, causing her to splutter. Using her heel she smacks the back of his knee causing him to fall and gets a good blow across his jaw with a clenched fist. Stunned by her speed, Tim manages to dodge a second blow and retaliates with a punch that lands smack into Emma's cheek.

The two trade blows like this, ducking and weaving around one another, from the beach it looks as much of a dance as it does a fight. People are noticing though and some are swimming to intervene, others are working out who to call.

Emma and Tim are in their own world, enjoying every moment. Emma throws another punch, Tim's locks her arm with his, spins round her. Emma tries to follow but is restricted by her swimsuit and watches in slow motion as Tim swipes her feet out from under her and she lands on the sand with a hard thud. She pulls Tim's ankle and he falls beside her.

Feeling abit battered they both start to laugh. Emma stating "you got lucky there, my swimsuit allowed you to get round me." Tim just jests "excuses, excuses" and rolls half on top so they're face to face "round 2 to me" he confirms smugly. Emma smiles putting a hand on his belly to stop him moving says "definitely" she felt her bum slowly grow warm as she gently relaxed her bladder, feeling the relief as it emptied. She leaned in and whispered into his ear "I'm peeing right now"

*003*2023-07-23 03:06

PART 4

Tim went to look down but Emma stopped him saying "a girl needs some privacy" there was now a line of warmth up her back were her pee had flowed along her swimsuit and she took a deep breath with a long blink relishing the feeling as her flow stopped. She felt Tim's nose touch her's and kept her eyes closed, praying that he was about to kiss her.

The sides of their noses rubbed together for a few moments and they could feel each other breathing into their mouths then their lips made contact. It was as if the entire universe stopped, there was no movement, no tongues, just their lips pressed together. Tim broke of and pulled away so they had some space, he was breathing heavily "wanted to do that for years".

Emma's eyes were open looking into his, both smiling "me too" she replied touching their noses together. Emma wrapped her arms around him, pulling them closer, closed her eyes. This time their tongues entwined before their lips sealed around each other in a flood of emotion and senses. Both breathing heavily as they kissed.

Suddenly there was a shouting in the background and a hand pulled Tim's shoulder and practically threw him aside. Tim was stunned not able to take anything in as the stranger moved between them shouting at him "get off her, don't touch her, stay where you are, the police are coming"

Emma was shocked by the arrival and sudden turn from pleasure to aggression but jumped to her feet screaming at the man "you moron, what are you doing? Leave him alone".

The man was well built and muscly abit older than them but in his prime. Tim had spun to his feet, crouching defensively, still unable to compute why this guy was yelling at him. He started running towards the hole they'd dug but the guy tripped him, spat on him and cursed at him calling him a rapist.

Emma snapped, with one foot kicked the back of his knees causing him to drop and got him into a headlock. Looking at Tim indicating with her head saying "run". Tim scrambled to his feet and ran to the hole. Emma turned her attention back to the stranger "He's my boyfriend you stupid bastard. Calm down or I'm not letting go" He turns apologetic "miss, I'm sorry, we just saw you fighting and assumed" Emma cut in "we were play fighting, so get your facts straight before you attack people"

A second guy came out of the water, clearly puzzled finding his mate in a headlock by a much smaller girl. Emma acknowledged his presence, tugging on the first guys head "your backup has arrived, is he going to be reasonable or attack me and my boyfriend as well". The second guy put up his hands for calm "boyfriend?! Sorry we thought he was trying to rape you. My mate's always been a hothead"

Emma felt her anger dissipate, bowed her head in understanding and let the first guy go, moving herself between them and the hole, where Tim had jumped into. The guy stood up and walked back next to his mate, Emma said "best head back and explain it was a misunderstanding" the second guy said "should we apologise to your boyfriend?" starting to walk towards the hole. Emma steps forward to block them "You've done enough. Just..." she looks them both in the eye and takes a deep breath "...never accuse someone of rape again without the facts. But thank you for caring enough to intervene, many would have ignored it." bowing her head again.

Feeling his pride damaged the first guy said "psycho bitch had me in a headlock and I should apologise when I was trying to protect her, no rotting way" Emma's anger returned but the second guy got between them "dude, you kicked and spat on her boyfriend" he started pushing his friend toward the beach. Her anger faded as they left. She turned and ran to the hole.

