Life is Wet

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2018-07-12 14:46

So, this is basically the game 'Life is Strange' but a bit wetter. I highly recommend playing it first if you plan to, because there are spoilers in here. I've cut out some parts and have reduced some parts in size, changed up a lot of the conversation (except for the very beginning) either because I wanted to or because it fit better with the changes I made to the story, but still large parts are pretty similar with the difference of you, the reader, not having any choices to make. It's a great game that isn't too expensive, so try it out!

At the moment I've finished chapter one, but I've split it in two because it'd be a long read otherwise. I don't know if I'm gonna do the whole series, you'll just have to see. If you've read my work before I'm sure you're familiar with my unreliability in following up on larger projects so keep that in mind.

Chrysalis part I

A loud roar of thunder fills Max Caulfield’s ears. She opens her eyes and pushes the upper part of her body up from the ground she is laying on, looking around to the trees in the darkness of the night, occasionally lighting up through the lightning coming from the sky. She is cold, and soaked from top to toe because of the rain pouring down on her.

“Where am I? What’s happening?” she thinks to herself. “I’m trapped in a storm? How did I get here? And where is ‘here’?”

She looks around some more, until she finds a familiar sight.

“Wait, there’s the lighthouse. I’ll be safe if I can make it there. I hope. Please let me make it there…”

She lifts up her arm to protect her face from the onslaught of wind and rain on her face, while walking up towards the lighthouse. “Come on Max, you can make it…” she thinks.

“Holy shit,” she exclaims as she makes it up there, and is greeted by the sight of a huge tornado heading straight for the town below. In the corner of her eye, a speedboat flies through the air and straight into the lighthouse, breaking the top of the latter apart and sending it straight down to where she stands.

###

“Whoa!” she thinks as she lifts her head up from her desk. “That was so surreal.” In the background her teacher, Mr. Jefferson, was talking but she barely registered. “Okay… I’m in class… Everything’s cool… I’m okay…”

A piece of paper flies across the room from Taylor’s hand straight into Kate’s face and Victoria’s phone vibrates as Jefferson asks the class a question, but Max’s mind is still preoccupied. “I didn’t fall asleep, and... that sure didn’t feel like a dream… weird.”

A girl to her left perks up and answers the teacher. “Diane Arbus!”

“There you go Victoria! Why Arbus?” Mr. Jefferson continues.

Victoria answers and the teacher continues to lecture, mentioning something about framing people in dark corners and desperation, but Max isn’t paying attention. She is looking around at all her stuff on and around her desk for some reason, examining her pencil case, diary, bag and a loose photo on her desk, making comments to herself about every object. When she notices her old-school camera, she almost instinctively takes a picture with it, making everyone in the class turn shift their focus to her.

“Shhhh, I believe Max has taken what you kids call a “selfie”… A dumb word for a wonderful photographic tradition. And Max… has a gift,” Jefferson interrupts his lesson.

“Crap, now everyone is paying attention to me,” Max thought. “Why did I have to do that? Nobody was even noticing me!”

The sudden flush of anxiety makes her realize the sound of the rain and the extremely realistic feel of soaked clothes had made her need a bathroom… But now, she has to pretend she is paying attention!

“Now Max, since you’ve captured our interest and clearly want to join the conversation, can you please tell us the name of the process that gave birth to the first self-portraits?”

Shit. She read about this, but now her mind is blank and the only thing she can think off is to keep herself from shifting in her seat, now that her bladder is suddenly making its status known. The last thing she needs right now is everybody noticing she has to pee.

“You’re asking me? Let me think… Um…” she says sheepily. Mr. Jefferson is not amused by it. “You either know this or not, Max. Is there anybody here who knows their stuff?” he says in an annoyed tone.

Of course, Victoria has the right answer and is happy to show off. The Daguerreian process. “I knew that!” she thinks, but now it’s too late. Victoria is mocking her and Taylor laughs along, causing Max to hang her head in shame as Jefferson continues to explain it. At least now everyone’s head has turned back to the teacher, giving Max the opportunity to cross her legs and give her crotch a squeeze, relieving her of the immediate pressure. Moments later, the bell rings.

Max packs her stuff and gets up from her seat as Jefferson addresses some students. Her bladder is uncomfortably full but now that she knows it, it’s manageable.

“…and yes Max, I see you pretending not to see me,” Jefferson says as Max sighs. Now that she has her bladder under control, she stays behind while everyone except Kate and Victoria leaves and walks around the room, taking in every detail she can, making a photo of some etched marks and making conversation with a sad Kate, apologizing for her answer earlier. Luckily Kate is understanding. She always is.

Behind her, she picks up the paper ball that was thrown into the sad girl’s face. “Dear Kate, don’t forget to use the bathroom today!” it says. “Why would Taylor write that?” Max thinks. It brings her attention back to the bathroom though, and she realizes she’d better go take care of business.

“I see you Max Caulfield. Don’t even think about leaving here until we talk about your entry,” Jefferson calls out as she tries to leave the premises, referring to the photo contest. “Crap!” she thinks to herself. “Of course he wants to keep me here now! Well, I’ll just have to hold on for now.” It slightly annoys her, but she isn’t worried. She held on for way longer before, she just has to prevent her need from becoming to noticeable.

“I’d never let one of photography’s future stars avoid handing in her picture,” he says. Her picture… her awful picture. It’s probably not going to win anyway. “Do I have to? I just don’t think it’s that big a deal” she says, trying to deflect. Of course, this results in a long lecture with Victoria glancing at her smugly. Max tries her best to stand as still as she can. When he is finally done, she is free to turn around and exit the room.

Out in the hallway, she notices all the students walking around carefree, banter everywhere, and is overtaken by her anxiety. Her bladder suddenly screams out and she can barely prevent it from emptying right then and there without moving to obviously, and she positions herself against the wall where she subtly rubs her legs together. “I really need to get to the bathroom before I make myself look like a total loser,” she thinks. She puts on some music to drown out the voices around her and to distract potential onlookers from her leg movements by moving her upper body in tandem. She is in her own world now, which eases her anxiety and brings her bladder back under control enough to start moving towards the bathroom.

Having earbuds in gives you a great excuse not to answer any more people, and the security of knowing she isn’t going to be stopped by anyone on her way there puts Max’s mind and bladder at ease. She can’t help herself from checking out all the posters, people and little details on the way there now she feels secure again. She makes mental notes about all of them, including all the missing person posters of some girl named Rachel, and even checks out her locker for a while.

After wandering around aimlessly like this noticing Samuel, the janitor, mopping up a puddle, suddenly takes her mind back to her bladder. “Shit, I better get to the bathroom now before I give him more work,” she thinks. “Why do I always have to check out every little corner I can find where ever I am? I have enough time for that after this!”

Getting close to the bathroom doesn’t do her bladder any good, and she feels the contents suddenly start to push violently against the sphincter in her urethra. Her left hand shoots to her crotch as she picks up the pace towards her destination, hoping nobody notices her while she does so. Luckily, nobody sees her as she enters the bathroom while doing an obvious pee dance, and she takes the moment to grab herself with both hands. Despite this, a few drops escape into her panties and she feels them getting damp. “Shit! Where did that come from?” she thinks as she hurries towards one of the stalls.

Just before she enters it, she is momentarily distracted by a beautiful butterfly entering the bathroom through an open window and settling down on a bucket. Immediately she forgets her need and takes out her camera to take a picture with her instant camera. As she waves it around to make it develop, the disconnect to her need makes her sphincter relax for just a moment, enough to send an even bigger spurt than before down into her panties and jeans. She crosses her legs and immediately stops the leak, but is horrified to see a small wet patch on her crotch. “Oh no! I’m having an accident for real! I can’t believe I let a stupid butterfly distract me!” she thinks. Just as she starts making her way to the nearest stall, she is startled by the opening of the bathroom door.

Immediately her heart jumps, and behind the door appears the face of… a boy? In the girl’s bathroom? “What is Nathan doing here?” she thinks. Quickly, she hides in the back and jams both hands in between her legs to help her hold it while leaning against the outer wall of the last stall. She hears Nathan talking to himself, but she is too distracted by her need to register any of it. Soon afterwards, the door opens again and someone else enters. She hears a female voice this time, of someone checking the stalls behind her before starting to talk to Nathan in an animated sense. She definitely can’t come out now; she’s trapped!

Only seconds later, she suddenly loses all control. Her urine violently streams into her panties and against the crotch of her jeans. Warmth quickly spreads to the back, front and down her legs on all sides as she gives up and spreads her legs. She looks in panic through freshly forming tears straight down at the urine making its way through her jeans, into her shoes and onto the floor, forming a huge puddle in between her feet. The tears are now rolling down Max’s cheeks and her vision is blurry. She felt so humiliated! Why did this still happen to her, even now she’s an adult? She came here for a fresh start! She has to get out of this mess! “Please… just let time reverse… and I’ll go to the bathroom much quicker this time, I promise!”

Instinctively, she reaches out her right hand, and it was as if time stood still… and then her vision became clearer. Wait, did her shoes just dry up? And her ankles? Now the girls and Nathan are heading out the door and…

“Whoa! What the fuck?” Max thinks as she lifts her head from her desk again. She looks around and sees the exact same scene as before in art class. “I… I was in the bathroom… peeing my pants… and now I’m back here? All because I held up my hand and just wanted time to reverse? That can’t be… this has to be just a dream, but Mr. Jefferson is holding the exact same lecture!”

Moments later, a paper ball flays into Kate’s face again… Max has definitely seen this before! She looks down at her pants… dry again. And her bladder full again. If Victoria’s phone rings again… This is real.

Bzzzzz bzzzz

“Shit!”

The buzzing of Victoria’s phone makes Max jump, and she knocks her camera off her desk, shattering it in the process.

“Okay, if I can actually do this, I might as well try it out now…”

Max holds out her hand, and lo and behold, the pieces come back together to form one complete camera and it flies back onto her desk.

“I did it! I’m a human time machine! Okay, don’t freak out. When I took a selfie, Jefferson asked me a question. If he does again, I’ll know this is for real.”

*click*

“Shhhh, I believe Max has taken what you kids call a “selfie”… A dumb word for a wonderful photographic tradition. And Max… has a gift,” Jefferson says again.

“I’m not dreaming, this is real!” Max thinks. “This is my savior! I’ve reversed time! Now I just have to make sure I don’t have another accident, but I feel like I need to go a little bit more than the previous time… Better make sure I get there soon!”

“Now Max, since you’ve captured our interest and clearly want to join the conversation, can you please tell us the name of the process that gave birth to the first self-portraits?” Jefferson asks again.

A wave of desperation hits her again as everyone is looking at her, and this time she has no choice but to shift in her chair and cross her legs to help her keep it under control. “Dammit, now everybody knows I have to go…” she thinks. “Better make use of that if I want to keep my pants dry.”

“I’m sorry but I really have to use the bathroom” she says.

“Nice try Max, but you’re not going to get away that easy. We can talk more after class,” Jefferson says.

“Oh shit, now he wants to keep me after class again! That means I really have to hurry afterwards…” Max thinks, while Victoria answers the question again. “But wait… I can reverse time and answer the question instead of her!”

She puts out her hand and reverses time again, but as soon as she stops she feels a disturbing pang in her bladder. “Better not do that again until I’m safely on a toilet,” she thinks before answering the question correctly, to the delight of Jefferson and annoyance of Victoria.

After the bell, she gathers her stuff and gets up from her chair a little too quickly, and has to keep in place for a moment while crossing her legs. She feels sweat forming on her forehead.

“Nice answer Max! Are you okay? You look pale,” Kate says to her.

“Oh, uh, Kate… Did we talk at all today?” Max asks her.

“This is the first time. What’s wrong?” Kate asks in a concerned voice.

“Eh… Nothing, I’m just tripping. I’m sorry, I really have to go now!” she says as she feels a few drops slip past her sphincter again. Having lost complete control before already, it made her feel extremely vulnerable. She hurries to the door again, only to hear Jefferson calling her out again. “I see you Max Caulfield. Don’t even think about leaving here until we talk about your entry,” he says. “Crap,” she thinks once again as she reluctantly turns around.

“I’d never let one of photography’s future stars avoid handing in her picture,” he continues.

“I’m not avoiding, I just really…”

“Biding time, waiting for the elusive ‘right moment’?”

“Exactly! And at this moment I really have…”

“Max, don’t wait too long. John Lennon once said that “Life is what happens while you’re busy making other plans.” Go on now, don’t let me stop you.”

“Good because I really have to leave now before my plans are ruined.”

She knew that’s probably not what he meant at all, but she was grateful to use it as an excuse to get rid of him. A small spurt dampened her panties again as she walked out of the classroom, trying her best not to show her dire need to her professor and Victoria.

“I hope I have enough time to get to the bathroom… please… please… I don’t want to pee my pants again!” she thinks as she speedwalks through the corridor towards the bathroom. In the last stretch towards it with nobody between her and the bathroom door anymore, she puts her left hand in her crotch again, and felt a small wet patch in her crotch again…

“Shit shit shit shit,” is all she can think as tears well up in her eyes again. She quickly gets into the bathroom and immediately dashes into the nearest stall. As she steps in, a large spurt makes it past her urethra again. She jams her second hand into her crotch just in time to feel a warm wet patch spreading in her crotch and halfway down her thighs. She just manages to stop it, but when the bathroom door startles her again her bladder spasms, and this time there was no stopping it. Her loud, hissing stream violently hits the crotch of her panties and pants and once again she feels the wetness rushing down her legs and into her shoes.

“What the fuck?” she hears behind her. In shock, she looks over her shoulder to see Nathan staring down at her accident. Tears fill her eyes again and she instinctively puts her arm out to reverse time again, hoping it would work. But just before she manages to do so, Nathan grabs her extended arm by the wrist and pulls her out of the stall. “Get out!” He screams at her while showing her the handle of a gun. “And don’t tell anyone about what you saw!” Terrified, Max stumbles out of the bathroom as the final spurts of her accident make their way into her pants. Her squishy shoes leave behind a trail on the ground as she gets into the main hall while sobbing inconsolably.

“Oh my god, what a baby!” She hears Victoria exclaim. Max looks up and sees the mean girl laughing and pointing at her. Immediately she holds out her arm and within seconds feels time reverse once again, her shoes, socks, jeans and panties drying once again in the process while Nathan walks backwardly past her out of the bathroom.

With her clothes dry again, but her bladder full once more, she quickly makes her way into the bathroom while trying to unbutton her jeans. She wants to dash into the nearest stall again but apparently she hasn’t reversed time far enough; when she hears the door handle behind her she quickly runs to the back of the bathroom where she had her first accident and hides while holding herself with all her might while shifting her legs over each other. Again a spurt warms the crotch of her panties, but she regains control with the utmost effort while the bathroom door opens once more. She hears the same voice of the girl checking the stalls again, and she realizes she’s going to have another accident. Then, she notices the bucket with the blue butterfly on top standing beside her.

“That’s my chance to keep my pants dry!” Max thinks to herself. She resumes trying to undo her jeans while the conversation at the other end of the bathroom is heating up. Just before she got her zipper down though, a loud bang makes her lose control once more. With pee pouring down her legs, she looks around the stalls to see what happened, only to see a blue haired girl lying in a growing pool of blood, while a pool of urine is growing between her overflowing shoes.

“He shot her! What a bastard! I have to save the girl!” she thinks. Again, she pulls out her arm and quickly sees the girl standing up again with Nathan intimidating her with his gun. She doesn’t even notice the wetness spreading in her pants immediately; her main concern is saving the girl now. But how?

Then she sees the fire alarm on the wall behind her, and a hammer on the floor below. Quickly, she picks it up and smashes the alarm, causing it to ring immediately. She hears a shuffle and Nathan moaning from the other end, and she looks around the stalls just in time to see him hunched over while the blue haired girl flees the scene. Seconds later, Nathan follows. Only now that she is alone she notices that she has peed herself once again. Tears form in her eyes as she realizes there’s no way to prevent her accident and save the girl at the same time; she is going to have to walk to her dorm in wet pants!

She looks at herself in the mirror for a moment, but it only makes her distress worse as she directly looks at her soaked jeans below. Not long afterwards, she can barely see it anymore as her vision becomes too blurry again, with tears rolling down her cheeks. She wipes them away and decides that by now, all the students have probably left the building. Hoping she will be noticed by as little people as possible, she steps out of the bathroom. But immediately she is met by an intimidating posture.

“Ha! I found the culprit!” the security guard, David Madsen, proclaims loudly. “You pulled the alarm just so nobody would see that you peed yourself, didn’t you?”

“No! I… I…” Max tried to defend herself as new tears rolled down her face.

“Mr. Madsen!” she hears from a distance. “Stop heckling that poor girl! She’s distraught enough already,” the principal says sternly, as the security guard backs off. “Come over here, Caulfield.”

“Is there anything you need to tell me?” principal Wells asks Max after she made her way over.

“I… s… saw N… Nathan waving a g… g… gun,” Max stammered, “In the girl’s bathroom!”

“Disappointing display, miss Caulfield, I expected you to be more mature than to slander other students in order to escape blame for your… incident,” Wells said, loudly inhaling through his nose in a disgusted fashion. “Get out of here and go clean yourself before I write you up.”

“I shouldn’t have tried to tell the truth,” Max thought. “What was I thinking? Nathan’s dad has way too much power over this school for the principal to believe me. Maybe I should change my answer.” As she reverses time, she thinks of a better one.

“I really had to pee after class and then the alarm went off and it just happened…” Max told Wells.

“Well, if anything, I hope you learned from this to use the bathroom before it’s too late next time. Now get out of here and clean yourself up,” the principal said.

To Max’s horror, she saw practically all students in front of the school. As she felt panic wash over her, a drone hit a tree and fell down a few meters away. Behind the drone, she saw Brooke standing with a tablet in one hand, and the other hand on her mouth as they made direct eye contact. She saw the expression change from shock into one of laughter as she started giggling. Max felt new tears starting to form and started speedwalking to the dorms, her shoes loudly squishing with every step.

“Excuse me, Max? I’ve got a petition to… Oh my! Oh my, you poor girl!” She heard Ms. Grant say as she sped past her. She tried to ignore all the sounds coming from the students in the yard, rather not knowing who saw and who didn’t. As she entered the yard in front of the rooms, she saw Victoria with her lackeys sitting on the steps in front of the entrance. “Shoot! I have to walk past them! I’m never going to live this down!”

As she approached the girl, Victoria laughed loudly. “Ha! I didn’t know you were such a baby, Max! Why aren’t you taking a selfie now? Wait, let me help you!”

The mean girl quickly pulls out her phone as Max instinctively covers her crotch with both her hands, but of course she couldn’t hide the full extent of her accident.

“Don’t worry, I’ll put a nice vintage filter on this before I post it all over social media,” Victoria said while Taylor and Courtney giggle behind her. “Oh, did you want to get to your room? I guess you have to come up with another way.”

Through her tears Max notices the sprinklers right next to the steps. As Samuel ascends a ladder with a paint bucket in his hands, Max notices the open door on the end of the building and comes up with a plan. Inside the janitor’s closet, she changes the pressure on the sprinklers and turns them on.

“Wow, what the hell?” she hears Victoria exclaim. The three girls get up from the steps after being sprayed by water. “Water all over my cashmere! We can’t even chill on the steps?”

“Chill, victoria, we’ll get some towels,” Courtney says as her and Taylor make their way into the dorms. As soon as they do, Max notices Victoria crossing her legs while one hand disappears under her skirt. She’s doing an obvious pee-dance for a few seconds before getting back in control, but she keeps her legs crossed as she stands there. Now that she is alone, Max approaches her but Victoria still blocks the entrance. “No way, miss pee-pants.”

“Wait a minute,” Max thought to herself. “When I reversed time I had to pee a little bit more every time… If it works the same for others maybe I can make Victoria have an accident too, that way she’ll have to let me past.”

Max continued to rewind, the pee dance getting a little longer and more intense every time. It seemed to be working, until one time she got confirmation; as soon as Taylor and Courtney stepped into the dorms, she noticed a few drops falling from under Victoria’s skirt. Her hands shot to her crotch, which resulted in her doubling over and pushing her jean skirt between her legs. She thought she saw a small wet patch form on it behind those hands, and figured this was her moment. She tried to move past Victoria again, but was stopped once more. “No way, miss pee-pants,” she said again, but this time a little less convincingly while still shifting her legs. Max looked down and now clearly saw the wet patch, along with some wet streaks going down the girl’s tights. “Looks like you’re having some trouble yourself,” Max said.

“Are you blind? Those sprinklers did that!” Victoria said as her voice skips.

“Sure…”

“I swear!”

Well, one more time then. Max reversed time until the moment Courtney and Taylor closed the door behind them, and almost immediately a waterfall cascaded between Victoria’s legs. “NOOOOOO!” She screamed as she pushed her skirt in between her leg once again, this time resulting in a way bigger wet patch. She quickly pulled her hands out and used them to hide her face as she collapsed on the steps, pee still pouring out of her but now pooling in her skirt and flowing down the steps from there. She started sobbing, and Max saw her time to get even.

“Hey, Victoria!” she said. “Don’t say a word!” the sobbing girl replied.

“Hold that pose!” Max said as she got her camera out and took a picture of the scene. “No filter needed before I post this.”

This resulted in Victoria’s sobbing intensifying as she put her head on her wet tights and hid her head with her arms.

“Damn, now I feel bad,” Max thought. “Maybe I shouldn’t have done that.” She rewinds time once more, and sees Victoria soaking her skirt and tights again.

“Hey, Victoria…”

“Don’t say a word!” Victoria answers again.

“I just wanted to say… I’m sorry this happened, I know how it feels,” Max answers earnestly.

“Yeah, I guess so… And I guess it serves me right. I’m sorry for making fun of you and blocking the entrance, I just thought it was so funny that this happened to a girl my age until it happened to me… I still don’t know how, I didn’t even have to go that badly until the sprinklers went off…”

“Yeah, same… I was just about to get into the bathroom and then the fire alarm went off and it just happened…” Max said, continuing the white lie she told principal Wells. “Can I go to my room now?”

“Of course, I have to get out of sight too,” Victoria said, motioning her head to the yard in front. Max looked around and saw everyone looking at the two wet girls, everyone either laughing or looking on in shock except for Kate, who looked on sympathetically. “Shit,” Max said as she quickly got into the dorms. Inside, Taylor and Courtney run past her with paper towels in their hands.

“Hurry, Courtney! Victoria is going to be pissed we took so long…” Taylor said.

“Oh wow, those sprinklers got you way better than I realized…” Max heard Courtney say after the door opened again. “Hey, there’s no need to cry, it’s just water…” was the last thing Max heard before entering her room.

