Wet Note: The Desperate Trainers Saga

Author: Toki-chan

*000*2011-04-07 01:35

(A/N: I've finally got around to writing an omorashi fic! ...albeit this is simply the start of what I hope will be a multi-chaptered fic that will not die on me.

Firstly; this fic was inspired by Ziroyuki's 'Wet Note' fic and I do not own this idea; I only own the idea to use Pokemon characters instead of original ones.

Secondly; the focus of this fic will be on the various Non Player Characters in the Pokemon Games (and possibly the manga) and will be either Gym Leaders, Elite Four members or other trainers like Eusine, Silver, etc.

Thirdly; this fic will also contain both male and female desperation and wetting.

Disclaimer: I own neither Wet Note or Pokemon. I simply write this for the omo~

That being said; onto the fic!

###

“...and don’t touch anything while I’m gone. I do not want my study a mess like last time.”

Will yawned as he listened to Lucian lecture him about the study the two of them were currently in, already bored out of his mind as the elder psychic prattled on.

“Furthermore-are you even listening Will?” Lucian asked, irritation evident in his tone as Will gave him a bored look.

“’Don’t touch anything Will’, ‘You’re going to break it Will’, ‘You’re so irresponsible Will’,” the younger said, mimicking his brother’s lecturing tone with his own, higher pitched version. “I get it already!”

Lucian sighed. “I knew I should’ve got Aaron to do this instead.”

“Well he’s with Bugsy right now and you don’t trust Flint, Cynthia or Bertha apparently so you call me all the way from Johto just to babysit a pile of books,” Will replied, sounding like someone who has suffered a great ordeal which earned an eye roll from Lucian.

“Just don’t do anything stupid,” the elder said, turning and walking out the door as Will stared at him in offence.

“That was one time! And it was Karen’s fault!” he said indignantly as Lucian closed the door on him.

“Fine, be a priss then,” Will muttered before turning to look at the other’s vast collection of assorted books. “Now let’s see what dirt he’s hiding!” With that the violet-haired psychic walked over to the nearest bookshelf, pulling out book after book and tossing it onto the floor while offering his own brand of criticism.

“Boring, crap, trashy romance novel, yaoi porn-wait he has stuff like this?” Will asked in slight amazement, looking at the rather graphic manga in his hands with an almost mischievous grin.

“Oh wait ‘till I show everyone this,” Will said, snickering as he set the book to the side before resuming his search. After a few more minutes of fruitless searching, Will pulled away from the shelf with an irritated sigh.

“He has to have something here that isn’t crap!” he said as he moved to another bookshelf, determined to find something which was probably never there in the first place. “I mean he has to have something more than just trashy Fabio-what’s his name novel- hey what is this?” Standing there in the middle of a bookshelf was a small, leather bound black book with gold lettering that Will had never seen before.

“Now we’re talking!” he said, grinning as he took the book from the shelf and turning it to the front where, written in gold lettering, were the words ‘Wet Note’.

“Eeh? What’s a ‘Wet Note’?” Will asked himself, flipping the book open to reveal a notebook of sorts with a list of instructions.

“’How to use this Wet Note’” he read aloud as his eyes scanned the list of instructions on the page.

List of Instructions:

- The person whose name is written in this book shall lose control of their bladder.

- This note will not work unless the owner of said note has the victim’s face in mind when writing his or her name. This is to prevent more than one person of the same name to wet at the same time.

- If the cause of the accident is not recorded within the first forty seconds of writing the name, it will happen.

- If the details of the aforementioned accident are not specified, the victim will simply lose control then and there.

- If the situation and details are written within the aforementioned time frame in point two, it shall happen.

“...This seems pretty messed up, even for Lucian,” Will muttered, re-reading the instructions again to make sure he wasn’t hallucinating. “Why would he want a notebook that makes people wet themselves...unless...” Will smirked deviously. “I knew he had an omorashi fetish! And he thought I wouldn’t figure it out...”

Just then the sound of humming could be heard from the hallway, prompting Will to shut the notebook quickly as Cynthia peered into the study.

“Is Lucian here?” she asked, looking to Will with a smile, “I was wanting to borrow some of his books on Sinnoh legends again.”

“I’m afraid you just missed him; he left a few minutes ago.”

“Ah; he probably went to the Canalave Library again,” she replied, looking around the now messy study. “You should really clean this up before he gets back,” Cynthia suggested, pulling her head out of the study to continue the long walk to her room, leaving Will standing there with the Wet Note behind his back.

“Hm...even though this is probably a hoax...” he murmured to himself, pulling the notebook out in front of him again, his devious grin returning. “It wouldn’t hurt to try it out~ Just think of how much fun I could have with this~”

With his decision in mind, Will left the room to pursue the blonde champion as the notebook’s first victim.

###

A/N: I apologise for the lack of wetting but I really didn't want to rush through the omorashi scenes and ruin the prologue and the fic in the long run.

Chapter two will be up when I have more time to write a detailed omorashi scene! >_<

*008*2011-04-08 04:01

Thank you for the comments so far everyone! >//<!

Might write the second chapter inbetween exams if I have time..! If not the next one will be up after exams..! Hopefully...

Sadly the omorashi will just be focused on human characters since I can't really do furry (or write it or anything because I am a fail). :c

*011*2011-04-10 01:17

{{: 

This idea has potential. I also like the idea of using Will for this, since he always came across as a prankster to me.

}}

Thank you! So I'm not the only one that sees Will as a mischevious, prankster type person? 8D My headcanon for this is based on his manga appearance and how he acts so child like in said appearance XD

As a note; it looks like I won't be updating this fic for a while due to time constraints with finals and vacation :c

Expect to see a new chapter a few weeks from now or near the beginning of May!

*014*2011-04-14 21:28

{{: 

I really love the 'Wet Note' Idea, and it's really interesting to see how far the idea is spreading, into so many different genres.

}}

I agree completely and would like to see the idea spread to some other fandoms as well (perhaps Hetalia or Bleach? Or even Sailor Moon :3).

*016*2011-04-21 00:34

{{: 

Is the second chapter of this fanfic ever going to be posted? I watched the 4th series pokemon anime fairly recently, and Cynthia seems like a good person to try the wetnote on.

}}

Um...if you look at my past posts on this thread, you'd see that I have put an explanation for the chapter delay and when, roughly, the next one will be posted ^^'

But I will post it again here: due to leaving on friday for my week long vacation, in which I will have no internet, and due to the fact that I just finished University finals, I have no time, right now, to get the second chapter written and posted.

HOWEVER; the next chapter WILL be posted upon my return.

I apologise for the inconvience *is tired and stressed right now* :(

On a lighter note; I'm happy that you think Cynthia would be a good target ^^

*019*2011-04-30 14:03

Since I can't figure out how to quote multiple things in one post...:

@Zryouiki:Thank you! ^^ Any specific targets you want to see from Unova when Will gets to them? *is open to suggestions*

@Silvery: B-but I already has a lesbian lover D': *flails* ...Threesome? *shot*

And agreed; Cynthia is a good target. Karen is as well >w<

*021*2011-05-01 15:02

{{: 

If I could make a suggestion about targets, I think some interesting choices would be

Skyla/Fuuro (Ms. Fanservice Gen 5),

Misty/Kasumi (HGSS design, the water expert),

Flannery/Asuna (One of the Hottest [no pun intended] girls),

Whitney, Jasmine, etc. (anyone, they are known for being childish)

Delia (do I need to explain this one)

Any of the female player or rival characters

I don't expect you to use any/all of them, but these would be interesting to see.

}}

Very good list you have here! I was thinking of having Whitney as a target and am already formulating the plot in my head. I think I'll make her the next target after Cynthia.

Would you mind if I pair her with Jasmine? I can picture the latter comforting Whitney as she wets herself in front of Morty shortly after she tries to, once again, get together with him, while Jasmine tries to let her affections towards Whitney be known to the pink-haired girl. *is working with her own headcanon*

But going back to the list, I'll definately consider/write about most of the people on your list, except for Delia since I want to keep away from anime characters...

^This also reminds me of some Delia omorashi fics where she wets herself in front of Ash *has found some*

*023*2011-05-01 20:56

{{: 

I have no problems, and would like to see what happens with that kinda situation. I also had a neat idea where some other bookworm character (nobody specific in mind) finds another note, like to see where that goes

Also, I would like to make two requests

1. I'm a bit of a squick about male wetting, so I would hope to see a warning for chapters that include such themes or any themes that might cause squicks

2. Link to Delia fics, please!?

Keep up the good work, The original was awesome, and actually got me to read the real death note.

Now this is, my favorite concept from one of my favorites series mixed with one of my favorite games, crossed with my favorite fetish, all it's missing is popcorn, a video camera and something I can't think of but would probably find awesome and this is perfect

}}

When you say 'bookworm', I think of Lucian and Shauntal. The latter could find a wet note and use it for inspiration for omo fics? It's an idea for anyone who wants to use it...

1. *nods* Thank you for reminding me of the warnings. I will indeed be using them for male desperation/wetting as well as for chapters with yuri or yaoi moments (like kissing and romantic fluff; not smut since I don't write it all that often).

2. *facepalm* Ack. Another typo. I meant to say 'pics' =A= *glares at keyboard* Damn you...

I'm glad you're liking it so far~ And it's missing someone who can get all of those things XD

