OmoCollegeGirl Desperate During a Final Exam

Author: theman08

*000*2024-06-02 15:49

Hi everyone, this is a bit different than I’ve done before. This was a commission for @omocollegegirl

(Kelsie) and a new desperate scenario for her. I wrote the story, and then she added in/tweaked a couple things, but I think it turned out really well. Please feel free to reach out if looking for one yourself, or if you just enjoyed this story!

*full permission was given to post

Kelsie woke up like any other morning, with the usual urge to pee. She had been studying all last night. It was 7am – too early and far from enough time slept. She could easily go to the bathroom right now, empty her bladder, and make it easier to go back to sleep – but she decided to hold it. When she next woke up, it was 9am, and she could not sleep anymore. It was time to get up, or else put herself at risk. Tonight, she’d have the last final of her Sophomore year. She had until 6 pm— 9 hours from now, to learn enough calculus to get the A she desired. With a sigh, she got up and made her way to the bathroom.

On the outside Kelsie appeared to be just like any other college student, but she had a secret. Kelsie loved holding her pee. She loved the feeling of fullness and deprivation. She loved how good it felt to hold herself and jam her hands into her pussy for help. She had continued holding her morning pee in bed because it gave her pleasure, and she wanted desperately to ride her morning bladder and hold it the rest of the day. Unfortunately though, today she wouldn’t be able to do that – she had obligations.

After taking care of business, Kelsie returned to her room, sipping on her favorite drink – iced tea. She knew it would be important to stay caffeinated today. About 3 minutes into studying she’d already finished her cup. She filled it back up from her personal tea fountain, and continued to sip. Another 3 minutes later, she already had to pee - something she had learned was caused by “rapid desperation.” The feeling was pleasant, so she decided to wait a while despite her earlier promise not to. Doesn’t needing to pee make you smarter, she thought? So she continued to study while enjoying the sensations. An hour and a half later, the improvement in efficiency she had experienced from the full bladder had subsided, and while far from desperate, she had to go enough to be distracting. She now had to release or risk not doing well on the test. She was beyond depressed to have to choose the test over holding, and waste a deliciously full bladder.

By now the pressure against her g-spot made her felt her nipples harden, and she could see them gently poking through her tank top. With a sigh she brushed one hand over them, hardening them further, while caressing her pussy with the other. She so badly wished she could do a “whole” hold today, which involved drinking more plus dancing around while roleplaying as a student in class or an ultrasound patient or a prostitute or a waitress or a lifeguard, like she loved doing at least once a week. She had not been able to set aside time to do her beloved weekly holds for 2 weeks as she had been so busy with studying. She could not wait to celebrate the end of finals week with a nice day long hold tonight after the test however. She just wished it could come now, rather than later.

Suddenly her phone vibrated. How good would it be if it were a vibrator vibing in my v, instead of my phone, thought Kelsie.

It was her best friend Mia. “There’s 2 for 1 drinks for finals at Cheesie’s. Wanna go? We can study there!” Kelsie had a habit of studying at bars while waiting for her food and drinks to arrive, so did not hesitate to say yes. Maybe the joy of going to the bar will make up for having to sacrifice my full bladder, she thought. But, never hesitating to take advantage of every opportunity to hold just a minute longer, she decided to get changed before using the bathroom. “Fashion is more important than peeing!” Kelsie thought, giving herself the excuse she wanted. She currently wore a thin black tank top and a short red plaid skirt, without any panties. Crossing her legs inside her closet, Kelsie traded them for a black-and-white striped thong and flirty embroidered red dress. As she reached for her go-to pair of black Havaianas, Kelsie heard a loud knock on her door. “One minute!” she called out.

“Kelsie please open up!” It was Mia. As Kelsie opened the front door, Mia sprinted to the bathroom, releasing a powerful stream. “Sorry, I was out studying and the library bathrooms were being cleaned. I barely made it here!” yelled Mia. Ugh thought Kelsie, wishing it was her caught in that spot. She had to go but wasn’t close to that desperate. But I could be, she thought, Mia doesn’t know.

Kelsie imagined her earlier water bottle was a gallon that she’d chugged. “Please hurry Mia! I’m desperate myself here!” Kelsie bounced in place, knocking on the door. She imagined her bladder with several times more liquid — begging for release. She thought of her g spot and the constant pressure it would provide. She held her pussy—using her palms to rub her clit while her fingers stimulated the rest of her labia. The mind is powerful, and Kelsie somehow felt just a little desperate. Finally, Mia opened the door with a look of relief.

A “frantic” Kelsie ran in. She danced around for a second as she constantly fantasized about doing, deciding if she would let go after all, or keep holding. Realizing she had the opportunity to further enjoy holding until they got to the bar, Kelsie bounced around blissfully as she poured a cup of water into the toilet to simulate the sound of a stream, and then flushed the toilet and washed her hands, hoping to trick Mia into thinking she had actually peed. As she opened the bathroom door, Mia grabbed her hand and dragged her toward the dorm room entrance. “Come on, we don’t have all day!” It worked.

As Kelsie drove, the extroverted Mia began to talk. “I hate that Maddie always messes up the curve,” Mia said, “She gets 100 on literally every test. If it wasn’t for her we’d be so much better off.” Kelsie nodded. Maddie always seemed to do great on tests—finishing 5-7% higher than any other student, thus forcing their grades down. Still, complaining about it wouldn’t help them any.

As the two girls arrived after a 7 minute drive, Mia started running toward the bar entrance. “Come to the bathroom with me I’m about to pee my pants – my shorts I mean!” shouted Mia from in front of the door. Kelsie was shocked. “Again?” she shouted back. “Yes!” screamed Mia. Kelsie realized that Mia was experiencing Rapid Desperation, as she had to go every few minutes. The thought made her appreciate her own need even more.

Kelsie followed her to the bathroom, begrudgingly remembering she now needed to pee and get back to studying. As they approached, they were met with a realization. The deal had not only attracted a crowd of students, but the resulting 2 for 1 left a slew of full bladders. Both girls joined the line, nearly a dozen others between them and a toilet. A desperate Mia bounced up and down while Kelsie licked her lips, savoring the last few moments of the pressure in her bladder.

Twenty minutes later, the girls were next up. “Can I please go first?? I’m bursting,” begged Mia. Kelsie laughed and nodded. Shortly after a door opened, and Mia dashed in. Kelsie stood in almost a meditative desperate bliss, becoming wet (not from urine) from hearing everyone around her getting to pee while she couldn’t. At least she had gotten a taste of holding today, she thought. Still, she wished she could have been fuller. Suddenly, her phone buzzed. As Kelsie opened it, she saw an email from her professor.

“Hi all Calculus afocionados,

It has come to my attention that Maddie has obtained the answer keys to previous tests, and that has been the reason for her performance. I know this has all negatively affected you this year. As a result, I will be getting even tonight. I have made a new test for her tonight. You all on the other hand will receive A’s. However, I do not want her to know we’re aware of her academic dis-integrity – I want her reactions to be genuine. Because of this, please be at the test room at 5:30 like intended. You will be handed a ‘test’ with instructions. I apologize again, and will see you then.

- Professor Martha”

Kelsie couldn’t believe it. She no longer had to cram and study. She had an A locked up. Now it was time to hold for real. All that effort can finally go to the better use…

The door opened and Mia exited. “Ready to go?” Kelsie asked. “Don’t you need to go?” replied Mia. “I did.” Kelsie lied. “I guess I was just quicker than you, and get this!” said Kelsie, showing her the email. Mia couldn’t believe it. “Wow! This is incredible!”

The girls quickly got their drinks. Kelsie and Mia each bought a Bubly and opted for a lemonade for their free drink. Kelsie gave a toast before quickly downing both drinks. For the next two hours, the two girls talked about other classes, friends, crushes, S/O’s, future plans, and much more. Over time, Kelsie focused less and less. She felt the two drinks make it to her bladder. Her urethra began to tingle, a feeling she prized. She was getting to exactly where she wanted to be. She shifted a bit, feeling the pressure in her g spot. She so badly wanted to stimulate it herself and was disappointed to be in such a public setting and unable to do so. She decided to be risky and slowly drop a hand low, feeling her pussy as it pulsated from the warm boiling pee clamoring to get out. She loved every second of it—not even Mia knew how full she was.

“It’s already 5, oh no!” Time had flew by the girls. Suddenly, they realized they had to scramble back to school. The two hopped in the car—racing to school. With one hand on the wheel, Kelsie gripped her pulsing pussy tight while still focusing on the road. “I need to pee before the test again. Come with me?” asked Mia. Kelsie appeared to nod. The girls finally made it downstairs to their test area with ten minutes to spare. Mia immediately guided Kelsie to the bathroom. Again, a line of ten of their classmates met them. “What if I can’t make it?? I can’t wait through the test,” Mia whimpered. Kelsie encouraged her “I have to go bad myself,” and she took the opportunity to grab herself. To everyone else it seemed like a desperate pee urge, but Kelsie felt it sent shockwaves through her pussy.

At 5:28, Mia made it in. Kelsie walked forward to take her place at the front of the line, but instead turned around. “Uhm actually I don’t have to go that bad. Does anyone else want to go in front of me?” Of course, the first part was a lie. A short blonde holding herself on the verge of tears took her offer. Kelsie gestured for her to go. “Thank you so much,” she said meekly. Kelsie smiled. “Hey, um I really need to go before this test… could I also go?” Again, Kelsie nodded. With these two girls ahead of her, Kelsie had “no time” to pee and make it to her classroom. Her excuse having worked perfectly, she walked to class— all 3 drinks still present in her visibly full bladder.

“Alright class, you have 3 hours to complete the test. You may not leave the classroom until you are done. Once you are done, you may leave. Raise your hand if you need anything, and no talking to anyone else.”

With that, Kelsie read her test:

“As mentioned earlier, you will receive an A. Only Maddie has a real test. I have written a time on your page of which I want you to hand your test in. Until then, look busy and write whatever you wish on these papers until then.”

Kelsie flipped her test over: 8:30 PM— and a note “sorry, you’re the last one. Look nervous if possible!”

This meant Kelsie would have to hold for three more hours. Scratch that, she *got* to hold for three more hours. Even better, she could squirm, squeeze, all that— and play it as nervousness. If Kelsie lost control right now everyone would see. That wasn’t an option— she just had to hold on for three hours. Being physically unable to use the bathroom enhanced how already turned on she was. As she went to grab herself she felt shockwaves up her body, not believing how sensitive her clit was. She noticed her bladder begin to sting. This was her sign that her fullness reached her optimum.

After massaging her desperate pussy at her desk for an hour, Kelsie noticed Mia finishing her test and leaving, causing her to get an idea. She knew how nice the professor was, but she wanted to be denied. She raised her hand.

“Excuse me, I really have to pee. I know it’s school policy that I can’t go, and I know that you’d maybe get fired for letting me go, but can I?”

Now as nice as the professor was, she had to follow rules, especially when reminded of them. “I’m sorry Kelsie, you’ll have to hold it. Just two more hours.” Kelsie nodded with a trace of duper’s delight. She felt her urethra begging for release. By now there was constant pressure on her g spot. It took all her concentration to not unleash everything in her seat. She knew she could hold on, but it would not be easy. If she didn’t, everyone would see her giant puddle in the classroom. This was the last thing she wanted.

Another hand shot up. It was Maddie. “Excuse me, Professor, may I go wash my hands?” The Professor instantly saw through her continued dishonesty. With a devious grin, she told her that if Kelsie couldn’t go neither could she, and to use the hand sanitizer. She followed by slowly squeezing a squirt onto Maddie’s desk to resemble a stream of urine. Or a trickle of cum, thought Kelsie, and that made her even hornier.

Meanwhile, Maddie frowned from the anguish and jammed her hand into her pussy. Kelsie could not believe her eyes. Her worst enemy had to pee too, and the professor was purposely not letting her go. She had no idea Professor Martha was capable of such “cruelty”, if it could be called such. She wondered if maybe the Professor was into desperation too, and how awesome that would be.

Another hour later, Kelsie, grinning with the pleasure of her own full bladder and eyeing Maddie mischievously, put her hand up again. “I know the Dean of the school was just right outside the room and I’d get in trouble, and you would too, if he caught us, but can I please go?” Kelsie asked—with the answer she hoped for being unexpected to the professor. “No, I’m sorry. I can see about turning the heat up though,” she replied. Kelsie was confused, until she looked down and saw her nipples protruding through her dress quite noticeably. If only she knew thought Kelsie. Instead it was another hour of desperate bliss. The rubbing and grabbing of her pussy was now constant. The only pauses came when she needed to do so in order to prevent cumming right there in her chair. All of this due to her full bladder and its undying pressure on her g spot.

Finally, the time came for Kelsie to hand in her test. Trying to hide a waddle, she made her way to the front of the room. Only herself, the professor, and a squirming Maddie remaining. “Now you can pee,” said the professor with a smile. Kelsie smiled back and exited the room, when she suddenly heard splashing coming from behind. “Karma’s hard, isn’t it?” she heard the Professor yell. The cheater had peed herself. Kelsie beamed with excitement, not only from knowing how deep the humiliation of her enemy had been, but also from knowing she had gotten relief while she was still holding. Even her foes getting to go when she didn’t turned her on, no less than as much as both of them having to pee simultaneously would.

In her astonishment at the triple whammy she had just experienced, and by the pleasure brewing in her bladder over the past 11.5 hours, Kelsie took the long way to the building entrance, making sure to take a long glance at the ladies’ room as she passed by. She stopped there, mere inches from release, savoring the feeling of deprivation. Just then, she was met with a surprise—the janitor came to close the bathrooms for cleaning. “Oh I’m sorry, did you need to get in?” he asked. Kelsie almost blurted out yes - after all, she was so full. Instead, her horniness got the better of her, and she thought of a better idea. “Oh no, that’s okay. Thanks!” she told him. With that, she turned around and headed back home.

The walk home was pure ecstasy for Kelsie. Unable to walk normally due to the pressure in her bladder, every step sent waves of pleasure through her body. Her urethra was fully numb from begging for release for so long.

Drawing all her focus, she put the key in the door, turning it to unlock, but not open it. She paused and pretended the door was stuck, causing her to almost leak in surprise. Kelsie closed her eyes and clenched. “Not yet” she muttered to herself.

The moment she entered her dorm, she bent over, gripped her pussy the hardest she ever had, and moaned the loudest she ever had. “Ohhhhhhhhh” she gasped with pleasure, catching a glimpse of the clock. It was 9pm. Even after 12 hours of straight holding, she continued to dance around her dorm for hours, enjoying her full bladder, writhing on the ground with her hand massaging her swollen pee hole. She ignored her bladder’s pressing need by washing the dishes and taking care of all the tasks she had saved for after the test. She imagined and role-played herself as a desperate student during a test (reliving her wonder back in the classroom), a desperate woman at an ultrasound, a prostitute seducing clients and unable to pee between sessions, a desperate lifeguard on duty, a dog walker, a partygoer, a real estate agent, a teacher, a clothes shopper at a mall where the bathroom was closed.

She laid down in bed and thought about all her crushes and what it would be like to be fucked by them in her swollen bladdered state. She wondered if any of them were secretly turned on by seeing her desperate to pee, just like the professor probably was. She sure hoped so, and licked her lips masturbating to the thought. Then she sat up with her legs extended and in full view of her curling toes, scrolled to PornHub, and watched all her favorite desperation videos, fantasizing about herself being in the desperate situations she was watching. She was determined to not cum, as she knew doing so would make her unable to hold any longer – but edging was so hard.

Owing to her laptop’s blue light filter and sitting in bed, Kelsie began to feel drowsy. As the clock struck midnight, she dozed while sitting in the corner masturbating, and in her relaxation accidentally let out a spurt. Experience from past holding had told her this meant the flood gates opening was inevitable, but she kept on holding. As she felt her head fall involuntarily from sleepiness, she let out another half second leak. She immediately felt her thong get soaked. It took all her strength to stop the flow, but she did. Her urethra was now on fire, and she knew the rest would come soon.

Determined for one final challenge, Kelsie pulled up “Truth or Cosmoquences” - the very first desperation video she had ever seen, the very one that had gotten her into the fetish in the first place. As she envisioned herself as the female incarnation of Timmy, perhaps “Tammy,” the butleress whose bladder was constantly being ignored, she had the most powerful orgasm she had ever had in her life.

Now knowing her flood gates were broken and the dam was about to burst, she quickly made her way to the bathroom. However, after a whole day of holding, she didn’t feel it proper to end in the toilet. Instead she imagined herself still with Mia—once again desperate. Like always, Mia begged to go ahead of her, perhaps desperate from the test. With an imaginary Mia on the toilet, Kelsie had no choice but to wet herself right there. The flood came immediately, soaking her dress, legs, flip flops, and toes. The puddle on the floor overwhelmed the drain and stained the carpet outside as she kept going and going. Kelsie continued to rub herself. She was so turned on, knowing that for 15 hours she had put herself through all that. 900 minutes of straight stimulation. 54,000 seconds of bliss. Her g spot was so sensitive from all the stimulation that it only took 5 minutes to cum again.

As her exhausted body collapsed into her puddle which had by now covered the entire floor, she felt her blond hair get wet with pee. Ooh, look, they’re the same color, she thought. How appropriate it was that her hair was the same color as the purpose for which she lived.

Basking in the fulfillment of what might be the best final and best day of her life, Kelsie heard her phone messages went off. It was Mia.

“I heard you moaning. I could hear it all the way from my place.” Mia lived an entire floor down from her. “You ok girl?”

“I was…err… imitating Maddie. You won’t believe what happened.”

