Frenemy’s wet together

Author: Guest theperson2052

*000*2021-11-01 20:26

It was a normal Wednesday for two school girls.

First there was lily. Lily was an Asian girl with long black hair and brown eyes.

“Should I wear a skirt or jeans today? I’m thinking jeans.” Thought lily as she put her her jeans over her grey panties.

The second girls name was Georgie. She was short white girl with brown hair in a bun and blue eyes. “These dark green cargo shorts and grey op make me look like I’m in the military! Love it! She thought to herself.

When they got to their school they saw each other in the halls and gave each other the evil eye. Lily didn’t really like Georgie and the same could be said about lily from Georgie. The real reason is that they were jealous of each other.

Lily and Georgie had most of the same classes and therefore saw each other a lot.

The first class of the day they had was math. Their math teacher was very strict not letting anyone leave the room unless it was a fire drill. That was unlucky for Lily because before she left her house she forgot to use the bathroom. She didn’t have to use her bathroom to badly yet but she could feel an urge starting to form.

Her math period just ended and she was sitting in the cafeteria with the usual table she sits with. She had her hand between her two legs in her crotch, but that wasn’t because she had to pee so bad it was mostly just a habit from her childhood that she did when no one was looking.

Suddenly she had to pull her hand out of her crotch because Georgie had just sat next to her. Georgie had started talking to the other people at the table and just ignored lily was even there.

Once the lunch break was over and lily stood up she realized she had to pee a little bit more than she thought. Thankfully if the need got too bad the teacher for her next class history was much less and would probably let her go to the bathroom.

When started to feel a lot more pressure on her she started to raise her hand to ask to go to the bathroom. Thankfully the teacher let her go

What subject Georgie had after lunch was geography. Her geography class was on the top floor and her teacher didn’t like opening the windows. Georgie new if she wanted to stay hydrated she would need to drink tons of water.

Midway through her class she started to feel a need to pee. It wasn’t anything to serious but she wanted any excuse to get out of doing her boring classes.

When the two girl got into the bathroom they finally talked to each other that day.

“Why are you ignoring me?” Lily asked.

“What’s he point of talking to you? You aren’t a very nice person.” Georgie told lily

“Nasty bitch “ Lily mumbled to herself as she walked to the bathroom stall. When she started walking away Georgie sprinted towards her. She grabbed on to Lily’s neck and started tickling her. She remembered lily telling her that she was very ticklish back when they friends.

“Stop I’m gonna pee!” Lily laughed. Lily didn’t want to laugh though. She wanted to punch Georgie in the face.

“Good. Pee your pants like a little baby.” Georgie whispered to lily. Lily thought nothing could make her stop laughing and Georgie thought nothing could make her let go. Wetness started to spread all over Lily’s pants. It started as an upside down T shape running under her butt cheeks and through them. The it just started to water fall down her pant legs.

“You just peed all over yourself!” Georgie laugh. But her expression quickly changed when lily turned around with tears in her eyes. Georgie realized this wasn’t a joke to Lily and she was embarrassed.

Without saying a word Lily was about to leave the bathroom. When she left she would have told the principal and making someone wet them self would get her suspended.

“Lily wait!”

“What do you want?”

“Look I will pee my pants!”

Georgie said that in desperate way. She new it would make Lily not tell the principle or any teachers.

A small wet patch of pee formed at the crotch of her pants and slowly dripped down. Lily’s eyes were glued to georgie’s pants watching her bladder release all over herself. The went all the way down georgie’s legs and went in her shoes and made her socks wet.

She expected Lily to laugh but she didn’t. She was standing there in amazement at what Georgie had done. She walked toward Georgie and gave her a hug and said “can we be friends again?”

“Sure lily.” Georgie hugged lily back. She wanted to kiss lily. She felt strangely turned on from the whole experience.

Lily also felt turned on by Georgie wetting her pants. She took her hand a placed it between Georgie’s legs. She was trying not to moan when she felt the wetness on georgie’s crotch.

“Do you want to come to my house after school?” Georgie said.

“Yes. I’m gonna stay in the bathroom until school is over so I don’t have to go back to class with this wet patch.” Lily said as her face turned red.

“Ok. Me too.” Georgie giggled as her face also turned red.

