(8) Night in the hospital bed

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-23 09:26

Draco didn't have any choice. He had to walk to the hospital wing with Snape. The nurse who was called Madam Pomfrey had talked to Snape for a while and had given him a bed.

Draco felt so embarrassed cause Snape had to help him clean himself up using a spell. At least his pyjamas weren't wet anymore.

Draco was laying in the hospital bed staring at the ceiling when he heard Snape and the nurse talking.

'Mr. Malfoy is very sick...Make sure he's alright....'

'Of course I will, professor. He's in good hands....'

He heard Snape walk away and the nurse came in again, holding a big glass of water.

Draco wished he acted like he was asleep but it was already too late. She made eye contact.

'My boy, it's important that you drink a lot of water so you stay hydrated.' She said while handing him the glass.

Oh no... Could it be worse?

Draco forced a smile and took the glass. He sat straight and just sipped of it.

'Not like that! Drink it. The entire glass.' She said while looking at him. 'It will make you feel better.'

Malfoy was getting really annoyed. It was not going to make him fell better. He knew he didn't have any other choice. Madam Pomfrey was going to stay there until he had drank the entire glass of water. So he forced himself to drink it fast so she would finally leave.

He handed her the empty glass.

'Good boy. Now go to sleep. It's important to get a lot of sleep when you're feeling sick.'

It's important to shut up and leave me alone!

Draco gave her an annoyed look while he laid down again.

'Good night, my boy.' She said then before she left, turning off the light.

It didn't take long before Draco actually fell asleep. He really was feeling tired now, today had been a long day...

What he didn't know was that it was going to be a long night as well...

Draco woke up kinda confused. It took him a while before he realized he was laying in the hospital bed. What time was it? How long had he been sleeping?

Not that long, judging it was still very dark in the hospital wing.

He now noticed the pressure in his bladder. Ahh... He needed to pee. Not again. Please not again.

He knew there was a bathroom right behind the door of the hospital wing but he had heard the nurse lock the door before she left.

Draco signed and stared at the ceiling. What did he have to do? Ask the nurse? No that was ridiculous! He just had to hold it. It was night and he was tired, he just needed to sleep.

Draco turned around on his side and closed his eyes but he couldn't fall asleep again.

His bladder was constantly giving him signals that he needed to use the bathroom soon...

It was all the nurse's fault, she made him drink an entire glass of water and this caused his bladder to to annoy him again.

He wished he was just in his room, and he had his wand with him. If he had an accident he could at least clean it up. But he wasn't in his room and he didn't have his wand...

And he would probably have an accident if he had to wait for long...

His bladder was already very full and he felt a lot of pressure.

How was he supposed to sleep like this?

Jeez, Draco! Just focus on something else! This was easier said than done. Draco tried to fall asleep again but it just wouldn't work. His need to pee only got worse and he realized he wouldn't be able to hold it much longer...

He just had to okay! He was not going to pee in his bed.

Draco tried to think about something else and soon he started thinking about Harry. He wished he was with him. How much he hated him before, it was hard to admit but he actually missed him right now...

A wave of desperation hit him and Draco squeezed his legs tightly. He really had to go...

He felt bad. He knew Snape had sent him here cause he lied about feeling sick. And this was all Snape's fault! Suddenly he thought about what Snape said earlier. He was going to tell his father about everything. About his accident in class, but the worst of all about him and Potter sharing his bed...Ohh this was so horrible!

Draco just felt miserable again. He hid his face in the pillow and started crying softly. He had to pee so bad. The pressure was really unbearable now and he felt some pee escaping. No....

Draco held his crotch, trying to stop himself from leaking. It worked, luckily.

Tears were now running down his face. He honesty didn't know if it was because he was just sad or cause he was so desperate. Probably both.

His bladder was throbbing. Of course it was, he had been holding it so much today and he actually was afraid he had damaged it...

Could that be possible?

He didn't know. And he was way too embarrassed to ask Madam Pomfrey about this.

Laying on his side wasn't making him feel better since there was more pressure on his lower stomach which made it only worse. He had to turn around and lay on his back again.

He did, but when he moved he felt he was peeing a little more.

No! Draco grabbed his crotch again and squeezed. He was so uncomfortable...

It really hurt now. He couldn't help it but started crying again. He was pressing his legs together, just to prevent himself from peeing but it wasn't really working. He started leaking again. And again. He knew if it would happen once more he would just completely lose it.

He felt really bad now. He needed Harry. At least he made him feel safe.

Draco closed his eyes and tried to relax. He thought about him and Harry laying in bed together, like they did tonight. He was laying in Harry's arms, his head on his shoulder. It felt good...

Draco almost managed to fall asleep thinking about this but he suddenly woke up when he felt warm wetness running down his legs. He was peeing...he really was peeing oh for Merlin's sake no!

Draco panicked and tried his best to stop the flow by grabbing his crotch again but it didn't help. He peed all on his hand and he couldn't stop.

Draco was all nervous and shaking but letting go kinda made him relax again. It felt so good...

The warm pee was now soaking the mattress of the bed but he didn't really care at this point. He just couldn't hold it any longer. After he was done he felt so relieved. He even cried again, somehow it made him emotional. This was ridiculous! If his father saw this...

Suddenly Draco realized that he wasn't laying in his own bed but in his bed at the hospital wing...

The nurse...He didn't think about that.

If she came back and saw what happened...ohh please no...

It felt all warm and sticky, it wasn't comfortable but at least the throbbing had stopped.

Draco was still worried but somehow his tiredness won and he fell asleep.

He dreamt about him and Harry. They were sitting on the sofa together, sharing a blanket. It was so cozy and warm...

He didn't wake up until the morning when Madam Pomfrey walked in and opened the curtains.

Draco slowly opened his eyes.

The nurse walked up to him and stood next to his bed.

'Good morning Mr. Malfoy. How are you feeling?'

His bed was still wet, it wasn't warm anymore though but cold and even more uncomfortable. Plus he really needed to pee again. This always happened in the morning.

'I'm fine...' He answered, same annoyed tone as usual.

The nurse looked at him.

'Are you sure you're feeling better?'

Draco nodded his head.

'Yes. Truly I'm fine.'

He wished she would leave but she stayed and looked at him again.

'You think you can go back to class?'

'Sure...'

'Do I need to help you with your clothes?'

Oh hell no.

'No.' Draco answered quickly.

'I'll be able to do it myself. Thanks.'

He waited till Madam Pomfrey walked away and then got out of bed, making sure his mattress was all covered. He had to leave as quickly as possible so she wouldn't find out....

