The Omorashi Grounds

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-03-14 21:29

Well, here's an idea I thought of. I'm not entirely sure I liked how it turned out, quality's probably lower and I know it's extremely stretchy, unrealistic, and fantastical, but a few people said they thought it was an interesting concept. So, here goes, and please don't be too harsh with criticism.

Also of note: The main characters in this story are all female, but there will be some mention to male wetting as well. That's not usually my thing but in this particular scenario where there are lots of people in this situation, I wanted to be fair.

The Omorashi Grounds

Sunny was a beautiful girl, 18 years of age, with blonde hair in a ponytail down to her neck. She was wearing a black shirt and a tight pair of jeans.

She had drank a lot this morning, and was now sitting at a desk in a classroom, where a teacher was giving a history lesson, telling a long history story.

Sunny raised her hand. "Can I go to the bathroom?"

"Nope," said the teacher. "You'll have to hold it."

Sunny fidgeted in her seat as the teacher continued his boring lesson. She wasn't the only one in the class fidgeting. She had to pee something fierce.

...

Tina was 23, with long dark hair. She was wearing a black T-shirt with a heart at the front and short, tight jean shorts.

She was sitting in the driver's seat of her car, stuck in a severe traffic jam. There were so many cars in front of her, which moved a little every ten minutes.

"Hurry up!" said Tina, fidgeting and holding herself. "I have to go to the bathroom!" She had drank a big slushy before going on this drive and the pressure in her bladder was growing every minute.

The traffic jam was moving slowly, and she heard some horns honking and other drivers with their windows open yelling that they needed to pee.

...

Sally was 19, with long blonde hair. She was wearing a white tank top and skintight pink shorts.

She was sitting at a bar, drinking a large mug of beer. Afterwards, she drank soda and other non-alcoholic beverages, not wanting to get drunk.

It wasn't long before she desperately needed to pee. She made a dash to the bathroom, but there were over ten people in line already. This was a big bar with a small bathroom for one person. All of them were fidgeting, some looking as though they needed to go more badly than Sally did. Sally held herself, doing the pee dance and trying to keep her cute pink shorts dry.

...

Stephanie was 22, with brown hair in a ponytail. She was wearing a blue T-shirt and skintight black pants, but it was impossible to tell because she was dressed in a blue wolf fursuit at a furry convention.

She enjoyed the attractions of the convention, which included drinking five humongous slushies due to the heat of her fursuit. Before long, this started to catch up to her. She needed to pee badly, and looked around for a bathroom. She couldn't find any signs of one.

"Are there any bathrooms here?" Stephanie asked another fursuiter. "I really need to go!"

"No public bathrooms," said the fursuiter. "You'll just have to hold it."

Stephanie fidgeted, trying her hardest to hold it in.

...

Sandy was 20, with blonde hair that went down to her neck. She was just as lovely as the other girls, and was wearing a pink tank top and an aqua miniskirt.

She was sitting at the theater watching a movie, which had half an hour worth of commercials at the beginning. Only half an hour into the actual movie she was fidgeting, because she had not used the bathroom before coming here, and she had already drank the extra large soda she had gotten here. But, she didn't want to miss any of the movie, and tried to hold it for as long as she could.

...

Three hours after class had begun, Sunny was now in math class, doing work sheets of various math equations. They weren't particularly hard, but Sunny really needed to go. A few of the other students, both male and female, had already wet their pants. The sound of their pee dripping onto the floor had increased Sunny's need to pee.

"I really need to go!" said Sunny, crossing her legs and fidgeting.

"Too bad," said the teacher.

As Sunny finished the sheet she was currently on, she leaked a little into her jeans. Then, as she was halfway through the other one, she could hold it no longer. Sunny started to pee full force, soaking the crotch and butt of her jeans. She blushed lightly and sighed, feeling a sense of immense relief. The seat of her desk was soaked, and pee splashed down into a puddle under her.

Once she finished, she continued her work in her wet pants.

...

The traffic jam had not progressed very far, and Tina was fidgeting in her seat harder than ever. She could feel the waves of pee inside her overflowing bladder There were quite a few cars behind her now too.

Tina leaked a little every five minutes, dampening her shorts, and fidgeting harder with each one.

Then, moments after the cars moved forward slightly, her bladder gave out and released itself into her jean shorts. Tina sighed of relief as she soaked her shorts, panties, and the seat of her car. She loved the warm release and the relief it provided after holding it in for so long.

When she finished wetting herself, her shorts were drenched, as was the seat of her car, which was now full of a pee smell. There wasn't a single dry spot left on her pink panties.

She sat in her wet shorts for another hour before the cars in front finally got moving, and she started to drive the speed limit again.

...

Sally was still pee dancing in front of the bathroom door. Two of the men and three of the women had left the line because they had wet themselves, but still no one was coming out of the bathroom door. One of the two men had been wearing a suit, and the other had been wearing jeans. The three women had been wearing dresses, one of them short, the other two long. Watching the accidents had made Sally more uncomfortable, and, in the last two cases, caused her to leak slightly.

"I don't think I'm gonna make it!" said Sally as she leaked a little into her shorts, her bladder extremely full.

"Neither do I," said the girl behind her, a cute dark-haired girl who was wearing jeans.

Eventually, Sally lost control. Her pink shorts darkened, and pee poured down her legs, adding to the large puddle in front of the bathroom door.

"Ahhhh, that's better," said Sally, enjoying her accident for both the relief and the warm wetness flowing down her legs.

"Wow, you really needed to go," said the girl behind her, giggling despite her own desperation.

Sally also giggled, still peeing.

...

Stephanie was holding herself and fidgeting even more. She had drank another can of soda, which made her need to go more.

Many of the other fursuiters had wet spots on their fursuits as well. Stephanie sat at a table with two other desperate fursuiters, one male and one female.

"I really need to pee," she said, crossing her legs. "How are you doing?"

"Really desperate," said the man. "There's no bathroom here."

"But we can't help drinking so much cause our fursuits are so hot!" said the girl.

"I know," said Stephanie, fidgeting more. "I'm about to burst!"

They fidgeted for about ten more minutes, and then, Stephanie could feel her pants becoming warm and wet. She looked down as a wet spot appeared on her fursuit that was rapidly expanding, and soon her seat became wet, and pee dripped onto the floor. Stephanie was peeing in her fursuit, and she was enjoying the relief a little too much.

"I've never peed in a fursuit before," she said.

The two fursuiters in front of her could hear the hissing sound coming from her, which caused them both to lose control and wet their fursuits as well. Stephanie giggled.

...

Sandy was still enjoying the movie, which was over three hours long. She was in desperate need of a bathroom, but didn't want to leave.

She knew the movie would be over soon. She'd probably be able to hold it until then.

Suddenly, there was a jumpscare in the movie. Sandy screamed, and was not the only one in the theater to do so. Sandy felt her panties grow warm and wet. She recovered from the jumpscare as she peed in her dress. She fully realized she was wetting herself, and sighed in relief, enjoying the warm wetness as it soaked her crotch and butt.

She could hear another girl in the theater saying "I just peed my pants." The smell of pee was strong in the theater, indicating that many audience members had peed themselves just now.

When she finished peeing, her seat was soaked, as were her panties and most of her skirt. She felt the relief was almost orgasmic as she watched the final scene of the movie.

...

Sunny, Tina, Sally, Stephanie, and Sandy met up, still in their wet state. They looked around at the attractions of the Omorashi Grounds, the park designed for people who wanted to get into various omo situations and wet themselves without having to feel any shame of it.

Omorashi School, where people were taught basic elementary or middle School stuff and denied bathroom breaks. Omorashi Road, where people drove cars on a long, circular road, with automated cars at the front to go slow and cause traffic jams. Omorashi Bar, with a bathroom door that was always locked so that there would always be a line of desperate people. Omorashi Fursuit Convention, which had no bathroom and thus everyone there was destined to pee in their fursuits. Omorashi Theater, which played extremely long movies with jumpscares at the end to startle the audience into wetting themselves. In-between runs of both this and the cars, staff would make the seats relatively dry, though they'd still be a bit damp. But it didn't make a difference because the people sitting in them were going to get much wetter anyway.

There was also the Tickle Center where workers tickled people into wetting themselves, the Bondage Center where they'd be tied up, and the Omorashi Hotel where workers would put their hands in hot water while they slept to induce bedwetting. And there was a lot to drink in order to make the people desperate during the events. Often they would say how much they needed to go and pretend they didn't want to wet themselves for added effect. There were showers near the exit for them to wash off so that anyone outside the Omorashi Grounds would think they were at a water park instead.

The girls were surprised at how many other people were there, both male and female. They could see many of them had already wet their pants, and were looking forward to a second round.

They told each other of the attractions they had visited and how much they had enjoyed their experiences. Then, they drank some more, and when they started to feel another urge to pee, they entered the Tickle Center.

The End

AN: Yes, I know a place like this would never exist in real life (beyond the apparently-all-too-common real life scenarios it's mimicking), but it is always fun to have fantasies.

*002*2018-03-15 00:04

Thanks. Even if you're the only one who likes my stories it's always nice to hear some positive responses and have at least one person who does.

*004*2018-03-15 00:48

Not everyone thinks so, but thanks, I appreciate that.

*010*2018-03-16 02:40

Thanks for the positive comments. They mean a lot to me

*013*2018-05-30 17:13

Yeah, when watching Zootopia there was a jumpscare with a tiger or something and I heard a girl say she peed her pants.

