Desperation on the Plains

Author: therecipient

*000*2025-05-12 14:43

Part 1

Even though it has been just shy of twenty years since it happened, I can still vividly remember that one hot Saturday in July 2005 when my friend Mandy and I had quite the eventful day trip to Broken Bow. The day started out like any other hot summer day on the Plains. It was early morning, a little after 6:30. The sun was still low in the sky to the east, only up for about 40, maybe 45 minutes, and still peeking through the tall trees in the older neighborhood where Mandy lived with her parents. I was waiting outside her house, parked by the curb along the street, watching for the big brown front door to swing open. The trunk and back seat of my white Dodge Neon, which I’d had for a couple of years at this point, we loaded up with donations my family, Mandy’s family and some others had been collecting over the past week for Mandy’s aunt, her mom’s sister, who had recently lost a lot of items in a house flood.

Mandy’s aunt was a single mom with three young kids and the sewer had backed up into the basement, ruining a lot of the items they had in storage as well as stocked-up necessities. Mandy’s aunt lived in a small town about three hours to our west, called Broken Bow. Her neighbors and friends in that area had done a great job helping with cleanup, but she had still lost a lot of clothes, blankets, paper products and other household items and didn’t have the money right now to replace everything. We were also going to help her build some put-together shelves that a neighbor with a pickup truck had kindly picked up at the Pamida in Lexington the week before and dropped off. Mandy’s mom had communicated the evening before that we would arrive about 10 AM.

I didn’t have to wait long for Mandy. The door opened and she came out. Staggered out, rather. She looked sleepy. Her alarm had probably gone off with fifteen minutes to spare, just enough time to throw on some clothes and do a quick makeup job, but not much more than that. She looked good, though. She was what some called a “firecracker”. Her reddish-brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail. She was about five feet tall, neither too slender nor heavy, well-proportioned and quite athletic.

As for me, I had brown hair at the time, though most of it has become speckled with gray in the years that have passed. I was thinner then, still solidly built but not fat by any means. I was, and still am, about five feet eight inches. Nine if I have the right shoes. I’m Tom, and no, Mandy and I weren’t dating. Our parents had gone to college together and were good friends. We still lived in the same city where they had gone to school, where Mandy’s parents had moved back to when she was four, and where Mandy and I were now also going to school. We both lived with our families and commuted to school. No point paying for a dorm room if home is two and three miles, respectively, from campus. I had just finished my sophomore year, and she her freshman year. Since we had grown up together (well, since I was five and she was four) I suppose one could say we were too close to consider dating each other.

Mandy climbed in the passenger seat, buckled her seat belt, pulled the door shut and mumbled “Good morning, Tom. Wassup?” to me before curling up on the passenger seat with her head against the column between the front and back doors of my Neon and her feet sideways on the seat near the gear shift in the center console. I knew she’d be asleep before we even reached downtown. She often didn’t get up until between 9 and 10 AM on weekend mornings if she didn’t have somewhere to be.

Sure enough, I could hear her regular breathing over the hum of the wheels on the pavement somewhere between about 27th Street and 14th Street, just before we got to downtown. It was a quiet morning downtown as we drove east to west, passing under the glass triangle-shaped skywalk and proceeding onto the viaduct. That was a far cry from how things would look in about a month and a half when football season started back up. The stadium would famously become the “third largest city in the state” due to the fact that a sellout crowd at the stadium was over 25,000 more people than the population of the actual third-largest city. The whole downtown area would be overrun with tailgaters, bar-goers, and fans of all ages and types.

As the west-numbered streets increased in number I glanced over at Mandy. I could just see her closed eyes as she slept with her head resting against the column of the car. She wore a purple T-shirt with a smiling yellow sun screen-printed on the front, gray basketball-style shorts, black canvas tennis shoes, and gray ankle socks. Sometimes people asked me why I hadn’t asked her out and there were times I didn’t know, but I always came back to the fact that we were just too close. We knew almost everything about each other. We flirted quite a bit, though more her to me than vice versa, just because it was more her style than mine.

I quietly switched the car radio on to Froggy 98, one of the country stations in the area (and also the station for live football play by play broadcasts in the fall) as I passed NW 27th Street, signaled my turn and took the on-ramp to westbound I-80, accelerating up to 75. It was a clear day and felt like it would be a hot one. A few white clouds dotted the sky, mainly to the west, but the sky was otherwise clear and blue.

Mandy and I continued like this as we journeyed west. She slept and I kept my eyes (mostly) on the road, listening to country music and periodic ads playing on the radio, though keeping the volume low enough that she could sleep. We went up and down gently rolling hills, past a few very tall broadcast towers, a lot of good fertile cropland, and more center pivots than I could keep count of (a few actively spraying the crops but most sitting idle). We got passed by several CCC and Werner trucks, but also passed about an equal amount.

I was a safe driver, and while I might sometimes speed 4 or 5 over if I felt like I was behind schedule, I was usually content to cruise along right about the speed limit. (My Neon didn’t actually have cruise control, but I’d gotten pretty good at keeping the speed consistent anyway.) The hills leveled off for the most part by York and then the terrain was just flat. Big sky and crops in all directions met at the horizon, broken up only by farms scattered about and the twin gray spans of Interstate 80 which looked like double lines to infinity, both behind and ahead.

As we approached Exit 312, I signaled my turn and slowed down for the exit. The gentle clicking of the turn signal and change in speed was enough to wake Mandy up. "Hey! Good morning again," I said. "Welcome to the land of the awake. How ya doing?" She blinked, adjusting to the brighter morning light. "Where are we?" "Just coming into Grand Island, going north on 281. Need anything?" "I hafta pee.” Well, that was no surprise, I thought to myself. Mandy pretty much always either had to pee or would soon need to, and was also generally open about it. For years anytime we played soccer or volleyball or flag football she’d say something like “Eep! I just peed a little!” if there was a collision or she dove to the ground or sometimes even just if she ran really fast. She was always taking more frequent breaks than I did, or really pretty much any of our other friends did. But I hadn’t thought a lot about it. That was just a Mandy thing.

Now the fact that I hadn’t spent a lot of time dwelling on it also serves as a demonstration of the kind of relationship Mandy and I had. You see, though I was well aware by this time of my pee kink, I had never specifically applied it to her or focused on her that way. I’d kind of just always known her (since I was five, that is), and because of that she was also just kind of always there. Maybe even taken for granted a little bit. Though a girl, she was a different kind of girl I guess. I could talk to her about dates and crushes and it didn’t seem weird. And so even as much as ordinarily the thought of a girl peeing would catch my interest, in the case of Mandy it just seemed normal, almost routine and every day. This is Mandy, she talks about pee a lot, and often has to go pee. Plain and simple.

I snapped out of my thoughts. “Are you hungry? I bet you slept almost right up until it was time to go, barely had time to get ready, and didn’t eat any breakfast, am I right?” Mandy smirked slightly. “I value my sleep. I’ll be fine.”

“Let’s stop at a McDonald’s,” I said. “I’ll get you something. I could use a snack myself. I don’t know what the lunch plans at your aunt’s house will be and we both are going to need strength and energy when we get to Broken Bow. Bathroom stop and food stop in less than ten.”

Just as planned, in less than ten minutes I made the right turn onto State Street and pulled into the McDonald’s parking lot. As I fully expected her to, Mandy beelined to the women’s room as soon as we got inside the restaurant, and I started looking over the menu up on the board. When she returned we stepped up to order. I got a Sausage McGriddles and a small coffee, and she got an Egg McMuffin and a medium Coke. I did a double take as soon as I heard her order that -- Coke for breakfast?! Seriously? Who does that? Her mom would have given her grief for that if she tried it at home. After ordering I used the restroom myself, and then shortly after I got back our order number was called and we collected our items and went back to my car. After turning the engine on I switched the radio to 96.5, a Tri-Cities station as “Froggy” wouldn’t be coming in much farther to the west.

We got back on 281 northbound for a couple of more miles and then took the exit to Highway 2 and made a left. A moment later we passed a green sign with all-capital lettering proclaiming Cairo 13 and Broken Bow 77. It was now just before 8:40 so we were making perfect timing for being in Broken Bow at 10. Especially since we’d made it from Lincoln to Grand Island without any stops.

After a couple of miles the highway divided by a concrete median narrowed to two lanes. A double set of BNSF train track paralleled the highway immediately to the right. Telephone lines atop wooden poles lined the highway to the left. Soon the highway turned gently to the left leaving the tracks behind. There were cornfields to the right as far as the eye could see, with stands of trees here and there, with grain bins and barns periodically dotting the landscape. To the left, soybean fields stretched to the horizon where there was a distant meandering line of trees, probably a muddy crick that would eventually make its way to the Platte.

Mandy finished telling me a funny story about something that had happened on their family vacation a couple of weeks before and turned up the radio as a song she liked was coming on. It was a little new for my tastes but still catchy with just enough country twang to not be a full crossover to modern pop. We were just past Cairo when the song ended and the radio went to ads for the state’s beef producers (and their checkoff), a grain and feed supply store, an ad for a particular brand of seed corn, the Tri-Cities weather forecast (another hot and sunny day), and back to music.

Pretty soon we approached the turn into the town of Ravenna. “Let me know if we need to stop,” I said to Mandy. “Otherwise we’re under an hour to go now.” I expected to have to stop, considering I hadn’t expected her to get a medium Coke and she’d drank the whole thing in only about fifteen minutes. I was starting to wonder how this was going to turn out because I knew that some of these small towns didn’t have gas stations, and the ones that did sometimes looked like they hadn’t been cleaned since the ‘90s. (That’s an exaggeration. Slightly.) “Should we stop here? Might be a while before the next gas station.” “Nope, I’m good,” she said. “I don’t always have to pee, you know.”

I wasn’t so sure.

*001*2025-05-12 14:46

Part 2

The BNSF tracks caught up to us again northwest of Ravenna and we passed a green sign announcing that we were in Sweetwater. There wasn’t much to Sweetwater. A gravel road crossing the train tracks to the right led to a couple of white buildings each with farm outbuildings behind. That quickly, Sweetwater was behind us. A few more miles and the road gently turned to the right, and I could see blue and red emergency lights ahead. I slowed and approached the emergency lights. The State Patrol had the road blocked off. Eight or nine vehicles were already waiting. We couldn’t see around the bend and past some trees but there must have been an accident.

Accidents happened in any number of ways out here. The open roads invited speed. But there were also numerous at-grade train track crossings on gravel roads, intersections where if you blew through too fast thinking no one would be coming from the other direction (because someone rarely would come from that direction) you’d get T-boned if you failed to yield -- things like that. And of course the deer. For young people in these parts, you could get your first deer in any number of ways. Rifle and bow and arrow were two possibilities, of course, but the bumper and grill of your dad’s old F-150 was another possibility.

Mandy made it clear she really didn’t appreciate me telling her all that. For one, she already knew. For another, she preferred not to think about sad or morbid things. And she seemed to be getting anxious about something. A couple of minutes passed in silence. I didn’t really appreciate that she had snapped at me, but I could shrug it off. It certainly wasn’t the first time. I just didn’t really have anything else to say at the moment.

“Why don’t you go see if you can find out how long it will be,” she said. It wasn’t really a question. It was a directive. I got out of the white Neon and walked up to the rusty, maroon Dodge Ram ahead of us. An old farmer had his windows down and was resting his elbow out the driver’s side window. I could smell his cigarette smoke as I walked up. “Howdy. Any idea what the hold-up is?” “Damned if I know,” he muttered back. “Probably some fool kid going too fast like they always do.”

I walked farther up. Could almost see around the bend. Did look like there was debris in the road, and then there was an ambulance. A state patrolman wearing a cowboy hat stepped out from between two stopped trucks. “Back in your vehicle, young man!” I tried to speak up, “How much long…” He cut me off gruffly. “Back in your vehicle, please.” It was no use. I turned around and went back to my Neon. “Bad wreck,” I said to Mandy. “Don’t know how long.” “I don’t want to be late!” She half-whined it. I figured by this point I knew the real reason why she didn’t want to be late. It was just a fact of life with Mandy.

I have never liked sitting still in traffic. Still don’t to this day. Now, twenty years later, even out in the middle of Nebraska you can pull up Google Maps on your phone and see if there are any gravel side roads that will work as a detour. But in 2005 it was a gamble if a road would go through, if it had a bridge, if it was suitable for a small sedan or if it was only a “minimum maintenance road.” My parents had a “Nebraska Atlas and Gazetteer” which had all the side roads, but I didn’t have it with me that day. I knew that as we were just outside of Hazard, the Loup River was a ways off to the northeast, but there was a creek meandering close by on both sides of the highway as evidenced by the curving lines of trees rising above the corn fields.

I wasn’t sure about the side roads here. Near Lincoln almost all of the gravel roads surrounding the city are laid out in a perfect one-mile square grid system, but I figured here they would be more winding and unpredictable. I tried to get my bearings. The tracks were all of about thirty feet to our right. To the left I couldn’t see very far because of the cottonwood trees. “Should we turn around and find a side road?” I said out loud, not really asking Mandy’s opinion but just trying to break the silence and tension. “Don’t ask me,” she said. “How would I know?”

“It’s fine,” I said. Then after a brief pause, I asked her the question that I was sure was a big part of her anxiety and tension. “Can you still wait a while?”

“Shut up, Tom.”

I sighed. I had no idea if that was a yes or a no. It wasn’t like it mattered, though. An outhouse wasn’t going to just magically appear, and it wasn’t like she could just get out of the car and pee in the ditch between the road and the tracks. I mean, I wouldn’t even do that myself, especially not with cars and trucks both ahead of us and behind us, and a grumpy state patrol officer in the near vicinity.

Three or four minutes passed in tense silence. Then I blurted out, “I give up!” I turned the engine back on, cranked the steering wheel all the way to the left, and cautiously turned the car out into the opposite lane and began driving the other direction. Away from Broken Bow. An unmarked road crossed the tracks going north about a third, maybe half a mile back down the road. It looked decent, even if not great. If I didn’t bottom out the Neon in the ruts in the gravel around the track crossing, maybe we’d be fine. I turned onto the county road and stopped at the tracks to look both ways twice. There were no crossbars on rural crossings like this so it was a case of cross at your own risk.

I drove over the tracks, trying to avoid too much jarring in the ruts. Bump. Thud. Bump. But no scraping sounds, so all seemed well. Safely on the other side, I picked up some speed. Up to 35 or so. I was well aware that some people used these roads as their own personal rural race track, but when my parents taught me to drive they used lessons of high school classmates (whether real or made up, I have no idea, but if all real it seemed like a quarter of their respective classes had died on gravel roads, so I figured all but one or two were probably made up for effect). Regardless, I didn’t care to be a statistic and so I never went over 35 on gravel roads. And, also so as to avoid becoming a statistic, I made sure to not speak any of these thoughts in Mandy’s earshot.

We seemed to be in luck. After just over a mile, the gravel road came to a dangerous cross-intersection where two gravel roads came together, neither with a stop or yield sign. I came to a complete stop, put on my left blinker, looked both ways, and turned. This was a slightly better gravel road and within a couple minutes we came into the town of Hazard. “Let’s see if we can find a gas station,” I said. “Sounds good." I noticed Mandy was pressing her legs together. She was frowning and biting her lower lip.

But there was no gas station in Hazard. I took a deep breath and realized I didn’t know how to get Mandy out of this situation. Having known her for so long, I knew she could be moody. I knew she often had to pee. But never had there been a true pee emergency. At least not one that was more or less my responsibility to solve for her. Sure, there had been times like when she was six or seven and I noticed she went inside when we were playing and came out wearing different clothes. A time when she was eight or nine and our families were hiking in a state park and her dad carried her down the trail a ways from the rest of us because she had to go so badly she couldn’t take another step. But even that had been over ten years ago. It was just a given that Mandy had to pee a lot, but she always found a way to take care of it. It was sometimes funny, but never a serious problem.

“What do you want to do?” I asked her. I can just stop the car somewhere private and you can do what you need to. Or we’re about eight minutes out of Litchfield and we can see if they have a gas station.”

“Do they have a gas station?” she asked. There was some strain in her voice. Her legs were pressed together more tightly as she sat upright. I almost snapped back, “How would I know?” like she had done to me. It had been four years since I’d last been on this road, when Dad and I went camping at Halsey, and I simply didn’t remember those details. Dad had driven that trip, too, and it had been his responsibility to decide where to stop. But I quickly thought better of that retort. Mandy was trusting me to solve a problem for her at this point. So instead, I calmly said, “I’m sure they do. It’s a bigger town. We’ll get there and see.” She nodded her head. She turned the radio back up. It had been turned down to barely audible when we were stopped for the accident. As we got back on Highway 2 heading north-northwest, I looked back down the road and could just see where the State Patrol had the highway blocked from this direction too.

As we rounded the bend in the road between Hazard and Litchfield, Mandy let out a small moaning sound and began squirming. “Hey now,” I said. “I’d rather you not be getting my seat wet. We can just turn onto one of these side roads and park by the side of the road. I’ll stand guard and make sure no one’s coming.” Mandy made a choking sound, almost like she was near tears. (I hadn’t seen her cry since she was eleven years old and broke her arm while sledding at the state park. I’d seen her in a lot of different moods over the years, but as far as having crying sessions around friends, she just wasn’t that kind of girl.

She was confident, sassy, sometimes moody, sometimes bossy, but never weepy. Okay, maybe there was that one time when she was sixteen and had been grounded the night before our planned trip down to the berry farm in Roca and had to call and tell me she couldn’t go, but that was justifiable, and it was over the phone so I could never be certain.) “I’m sorry. Maybe I shouldn’t joke. Though I am serious about the seat…” I trailed off. “No!” she half wailed. (Definitely near tears.) “It’s not that. It’s that… you’re being so stupid right now, Tom. You’re a guy. Maybe you can just stop the car and pee whenever you feel like it, but I guess you’re forgetting I’m a girl. I can’t!”

That was news to me. Not that she was a girl. I knew that part (though like I said before, sometimes I forgot it in that we’d been friends for so long I didn’t think of her that way as a girl). But my family was pretty outdoorsy and from an early age my parents had taught my sisters how to pee outside without getting clothes or shoes wet. I assumed all girls knew that. But now what? I wasn’t going to have to teach her, was I? She’d probably kill me. If she didn’t, her dad would. Or her mom would -- and that might have been the scariest thought yet.

What was I to do? Obviously, I could explain to Mandy that actually, she could pee outside, and probably was going to have to. I’d probably make a fool of myself trying. But if she’d never done it before (or at least not without significant help from parents back when she was 8 or 9) there was a really good chance she’d still end up peeing all over herself and her shoes and socks. She hadn’t brought a backpack with her; just a very small purse and a narrow-mouth water bottle (that she actually hadn’t drank from yet, since she’d had the Coke instead). Now if either of us had a wide-mouth water bottle… So this meant she had no change of clothes. Of course, it would be a moot point if she instead soaked herself while still in my passenger seat.

Mandy now had tears in her eyes. Real, visible tears. “Help me!” she wailed. “I’m really gonna pee myself, Tom! Where’s that gas station you said was coming?” (I didn’t say one was coming. I hoped there was one. Big difference. But I kept my lips sealed.) I felt bad for her. I just truly didn’t know what to do other than drive on. Mandy pressed the heel of her canvas tennis shoes into her crotch area. I was pretty sure I could see a Phillips 66 sign ahead on the left, but it was still a couple of miles ahead and I didn’t want to get her hopes up if I wasn’t sure. Instinctively I reached out and put a comforting hand on her shoulder. She flinched and softened, eyes full of tears. “I…” She had started to say something, but trailed off. I half expected the car seat to be flooded right then and there.

Up ahead, we could now both see the Phillips 66 sign. I was speeding toward it, really hoping that I wasn’t on State Patrol radar at this very moment. If Mandy could just wait even thirty seconds, plus however long it took to get unbuckled, out of the car, and into the restroom, she’d have made it. (“I hope this isn’t one where you have to ask for a key,” I thought to myself.)

We pulled into the Phillips 66 on the south side of the highway just before Litchfield. She had made it, if only just barely. The pumps were both occupied, but we needed the building. Didn’t need gas right now. The first thing I noticed was that the building was tiny. (“Well, it’s at least bigger than an outhouse. That’s all we need.”) Before the car was even in park, Mandy was unbuckled, threw the door open, and ran to the little building. She ran first to the left side, then around the front to the right side, then around back.

"Oh no," I groaned to myself. This was bad.

*002*2025-05-12 14:46

Part 3

Mandy came running back to the car. Full-on sobbing, tears running down her face, makeup running, both hands pressed into her crotch area. The two older men filling their pickup trucks just stared at the spectacle. She jumped back into the car and hunched over and sobbed.

I was going to have to save her. But how. There wasn’t much time to think. She was going to pee herself, and my car seat, and her clothes, and didn’t have a change. And we were still half an hour from her aunt’s house, close to two and a half hours from home, and had an afternoon of work ahead of us. I quickly got out of the car, ran around to Mandy’s side, closed the car door, ran back, got in, not worrying about seat belts for either of us in that moment, hastily looked both ways and pulled back onto the highway, and took an immediate left onto a gravel road that turned out to be the parking lot of an irrigation company. It was that or bust at this point. There were no cars in the lot, and at least a line of trees blocked the view from the Phillips 66 pumps. Another line of trees separated the back of the lot from the field behind it. I sped to the back of the lot, parked sort of aligned with the row of trees at the back, and put the Neon in park.

At this point I wasn’t really thinking. I wasn’t thinking about exact steps, about proprieties, about consequences, or really anything. Mandy was sobbing hard, and I felt bad for her. I realized she felt truly helpless in this situation and wasn’t going to be able to solve this problem on her own. (If she did, it would mean wet clothes if not a drenched car seat. That much was certain.) I opened Mandy’s car seat as well as the back seat door and said, “I’m sorry, but I’m going to help you.” She did not stop crying. I scooped her up out of the car seat and into my arms and carried her to between the two open car doors.

“What are you doing?” she asked with a hiccup and a sniffle, choking on her sobs. “Keep you from peeing your pants and my car,” I said -- at least I think I said something like that. It was all a blur at that point. I stood her right by the back seat, facing the back seat. “Shorts down.” She froze. Obviously, neither of us had ever expected to be in this situation, and if either of us had even a second to think about it would have realized how awkward and potentially wrong it was. But this was a moment of sheer desperation.

“May I?” I asked? She nodded rapidly, unable or unwilling to move her hands. It all took maybe three seconds to get her in position, but felt like thirty. I stuck both thumbs in the waistband of her gray shorts, one on either side, hooked her underwear (I neither noticed nor cared in that moment what kind it was, but just that I got it out of the way) and pulled it down past her clenched hands and past her knees. Then I scooped her up under her thighs, well above her knees, and positioned her so that her feet were resting on the rear door frame of the car. Her back was pressed into my stomach, my hands were curled under her bare thighs (quite close to her bare behind) holding her up, and I lowered her closer to the ground. I spread my feet as far apart as I could without losing leverage to try to avoid the inevitable.

Before I had even completely finished getting my feet set, her stream began. And what a stream it was. I could feel some droplets bouncing back onto my hands from hitting the gravel at such a rate of speed. I adjusted my feet slightly farther apart but knew that there was no way to keep them completely dry, at least not without risking losing my leverage holding Mandy up off of the increasingly muddy gravel.

As her stream slowed, at least twenty seconds later if not more, I returned to my senses and started to take in my surroundings and what was happening. I was bent over, facing my white Neon between its open front and back doors, with my arms reaching down past my almost life-long friend Mandy’s purple shirt, past her hips, holding up her smooth, firm thighs, barely below her butt, my hands getting misted with bounce-back from her pee, after she’d been reduced to desperate and miserable tears. Her underwear and shorts was pulled down past her knees, with her feet (in canvas shoes and gray socks) still resting on my back seat door frame.

Curiosity overcame me and I glanced again at the underwear. It was lavender colored, probably cotton, with a wide lace trim around the waist. Surprisingly, it was not soaked, but there was definitely a good two to three inch wet spot. Poor Mandy. At least it wasn’t any worse. But it looked like her shorts had remained dry, so all things considered she had retained her dignity.

Well, other than the part that she was naked from waist to below knees, had a pee emergency, I was still holding her up, and she had just been sobbing to the point of her makeup running down her face.

Her stream finally finished and I lifted her back a couple steps so that her feet wouldn’t be set down in her puddle. Then I set her feet on the ground and reached to pull her shorts and underwear back up, though she stopped me before I got them all the way up. “Need to wipe off a little,” she said very softly and weakly. I stepped around her, doing my best to avoid the puddle, and grabbed a wrapped package of paper towels from the back seat. They were part of the supplies we were taking to her aunt.

I ripped the plastic open and tore off two sheets, handing them back to Mandy, and stepped backwards (not turning around to face her), again over the puddle as best I could. Mandy was my friend and I knew this was incredibly humiliating for her; I was not going to make it worse by even accidentally catching a glance if I could help it. She wiped herself off, wadded the paper towels up into her hand, pulled her underwear and gray shorts up the rest of the way and tossed the paper towels into the car, just missing a plastic bag full of supplies for her aunt on the floor of the back seat.

Then the two of us stood there awkwardly, still taking in what had happened. I felt like my face was burning up. Definitely hadn’t expected or planned on any of that happening. Mandy’s eyes were wet and brimming, makeup streaks down her face, but she had stopped sobbing. At the same time, I reached for her to pull her into a hug, and she threw herself forward into my arms. Her head fit in comfortably just below my chin. The tears came again, and we just stood there for two or three minutes. I didn’t know what to say. Pretty soon, Mandy sniffled and stopped crying, and pulled back to stand in front of me. Her face was bright red too. “Well…” she said. “I’m so, so, so sorry.” She sounded on the verge of crying once again. “Mandy,” I said. “It’s okay. I’m not upset. Glad I was able to help you. I’m sorry it was so close and personal like that. I didn’t look or anything though, promise.”

Mandy had to smile at that. She pushed me in the stomach playfully. “Maybe you should have,” she said. “I would have if I’d had the opportunity.” She almost laughed through her tears then. “But I didn’t,” I said. “Not now. Not who we are.” I was serious and I hoped my voice communicated that. Inside I still felt like a major line had been crossed and I wasn’t sure how we’d recover from this, but I was also internally thankful and relieved that I’d kept myself together. What with the pee kink and all, and this being pretty much a textbook fantasy situation, except that it involved one of my best friends who I just really hadn’t ever thought about “that way” because I’d practically grown up with her.

She gave me another hug. A short, but comfortable one. I noticed her purple shirt had become wet across part of the front from her tears. I reached back into the car for more paper towels. “I wish we had more comfortable towels,” I said, “but these will have to do.” I opened her water bottle and poured out a little onto the towels, just enough to get them wet. “Here. Let’s take a moment for you to freshen up. Take as long as you need.” I shut the back seat door and she sat back down in the front seat and pulled down the front visor to use the tiny mirror. “Ugh. You weren’t kidding, Tom!” She dabbed at her eyes and rubbed her cheeks, tossed the paper towels on the floor and pulled out some mascara and blush from her little purse. “Won’t be perfect but at least maybe I won’t have to tell my aunt we listened to some tragic musical on CD on the way here.”

We continued our journey. As we drove by the small town of Litchfield, I figured it would have been fitting if just blocks ahead of where we stopped we had found a gas station with modern restrooms, but realistically Mandy had gotten to the point by then where even if there had been one, she would have still wet her pants and shoes and left a puddle by the front doors. But there was no other gas station, and in another twenty seconds we were on the other side of town heading northwest. I glanced over at Mandy with concern. She looked much more at ease. Eyes mostly dry now, makeup still a little streaky but better. Shirt damp but it would dry. Shorts, shoes and socks visibly dry. Despite what had happened, she looked good all things considered.

But did she feel good? Were things going to be the same between us? I didn’t know that, and was hesitant to find out. I was concerned that our friendship might never be the same, that I’d crossed the line, that she hadn’t given proper consent and I might be in really big trouble both with her and her parents. But what else should I have done? I couldn’t have just let her pee the car seat, especially with no change of clothes. I guess I could have instead instructed her to climb out of the car, take off shorts, underwear, shoes and socks and just crouch down between the doors and let whatever happened happen, but she had seemed too distraught by that point to attempt it or be talked through that. No, I don’t think there was another way.

Mandy broke into my thoughts. “Thank you, Tom. You did nothing wrong. I’m not mad at you. I’m just so embarrassed.” She sounded like she might begin crying again, so I reached out to her with my right hand and steered with the left. She took it. I couldn’t remember any previous time in our friendship when we had held hands like that. I really hoped down deep that I was not going to come away from this with all kinds of new feelings and confusion. At least when I was helping Mandy by the side of the car, my body hadn’t responded in any way that I could remember. Now that would have been really embarrassing. It hadn’t, right?

As we came into the town of Mason City, Mandy was still holding my hand and I hers, and we had said nothing more. Finally she let go and turned the radio up, but the signal was getting pretty faint. “Try 93.1 instead,” I offered. While it wasn’t immediately local to the area, that farm and country signal came in all across the western part of Central Nebraska. She turned the dial down and settled in listening to a country song from the ‘80s.

“In case you’re wondering, I’m not planning to tell my mom about the past 45 minutes,” Mandy offered. I grinned. Her mom was nice, but also intimidating. And if Mandy told her mom, even if her mom wasn’t upset (which I had a feeling she would be), it was inevitable she’d tell my mom at some point, and even though I was 20 years old I knew my mom would think the worst and I’d be in for it. “I definitely appreciate that,” I said. “How about your dad?” “Nope, not him either.” “Sounds good. Not that we did anything wrong, but it would be hard to explain to anyone who wasn’t here, you know?” “I do,” she answered with a grin. “I wouldn’t have even been able to explain it to myself back when I got that Coke at McDonald’s. Are you sure I don’t need to feel ashamed? I feel really ashamed that you had to… you know… help me like that. And you didn’t even get anything out of it!”

I smiled. Things were getting back to normal between us. “What can I say? That’s what friends are for, I guess.”

*003*2025-05-12 14:48

Part 4

We got in to Broken Bow about half an hour late. Back in 2005, before cell phones were widespread, being 30 minutes late when you had a three-hour drive was still within the realm of acceptability, though if we’d been much later it would have been good to stop at a pay phone and call Mandy’s aunt and let her know we’d be later.

After the initial greetings (and a fleeting but knowing glance between Mandy and I when her aunt asked how the drive was), I took a restroom break myself. Not going to lie, that small coffee I’d had from McDonald’s was starting to give me some serious discomfort, but I was not yet in any real danger. After that we got to work unloading the car. Mandy’s aunt’s basement still had a musty smell from the flood but was otherwise pretty well cleaned up. There were four shelving units to put together and it didn’t take us long working together to get them up and started arranging things on them.

We started by giving the basement area one more deep cleaning, including using some spray meant to prevent mold growth and disinfect, and then built one of the shelving units and put it in place. Mandy and I largely worked together, and Mandy’s aunt’s role was keeping the three kids (between ages 3 and 9) at bay. Mandy took three bathroom breaks the first two hours we were there, probably still feeling some stress from how close a call she’d had, but no one seemed to take notice and I didn’t make any comment. We had peanut butter sandwiches for lunch around noon, so I was glad to have had the McDonald’s a few hours before.

After we assembled the second shelving unit we went back out to my car to get more bags of items to stock the shelves with. As I was unpacking one of the bags of supplies I found two packs of pull-ups which the three-year old still needed at night. Since Mandy and I were alone at the time, I winked at her and said, “Now here’s an idea for next time!” She rolled her eyes and said, “Yeah, good luck getting those up over these hips.” She did have a point. Though I was well aware of larger sizes, and was open about many things with her, that was one conversation I really didn’t want to open up and invite her prying questions about just how I knew details about incontinence protection options.

By 4:45 we had the last shelves built, the car unloaded, and for good measure had dusted and swept the basement. Mandy’s aunt still needed to have the sewer line properly snaked out to ensure it was free of any root growth or other impediments to reduce the chance of another backup happening, but at least things seemed pretty much restored. We were both sweaty and dusty but felt good about the job we had completed. We finally had a moment to rest while Mandy’s aunt finished preparing a lasagna for dinner. Mandy read a book to the younger two children, while I played a game of checkers with the nine-year-old.

After dinner it was about time for us to head back to Lincoln. Before we left I whispered into Mandy’s ear that she better go twice for good measure just to be safe. She playfully swatted me but nonetheless, she did in fact go twice in a span of five minutes as a precaution. We were back on the road heading east before 6. Both of us felt tired enough that we were pretty quiet as we got underway, content to just listen to the radio and settle in for the next three hours. As we passed through Litchfield again, though, Mandy blushed as we neared the site of the culmination of her earlier desperation, watching the parking lot and restroom-less gas station go by out the passenger window.

After a moment, she said, “You know, it wasn’t the pee part that embarrassed me so bad. It was the crying part. Once I got started I couldn’t stop and it just seemed like everything was going from bad to worse and I couldn’t help myself. That isn’t me. You know that. But I was so sure I was going to pee my pants and ruin the rest of the day and couldn’t think of any way to avoid it. And I thought you would be really mad at me if I either peed on your seat or we had to turn around and go back home because my shoes and socks were all wet. It felt like everything was about to be ruined and I couldn’t stop it.” I patted her shoulder for the third or fourth time that day, not something I had a habit of doing previously. “I know. I’m so sorry all that had to happen to you. It stays between us?” “Of course. I wouldn’t want anyone but you to know.” We fist-bumped and went back to listening to music.

As we passed Hazard, we observed that the accident had been cleaned up and aside from some tire skid marks there was no sign anything had happened there. We had been on the road for about 40 minutes and I was starting to wonder, though, if I could trust Mandy to give me enough notice when she would need to stop, or if I should just make the decision for her. I couldn’t quite explain it but something did seem a little different in our relationship now. It wasn’t that I was awakening to the kink aspect of her predicament, or that I was having new thoughts about dating her, but previously I’d never really thought of her in terms of being someone who needed to be cared for and looked out for.

And now I was feeling like it was my responsibility to keep her safe and make sure her needs were addressed. As we approached the Ravenna intersection, I decided that we were going to make a scheduled bathroom stop. If she protested at all, I’d blame it on my own failure to go twice before leaving her aunt’s house. I couldn’t tell if the little gas station at the junction would have proper facilities so I made the left turn and took the highway into town where there was a Cenex station in the heart of downtown. As I exited the car, I decided on a whim that it would be good to open the car door for Mandy and offer her a hand getting out of the car, which she accepted. I also reached ahead to open the door to the convenience store for her.

Getting back in the car, we switched the radio over to the Tri-Cities country station and turned it up. We listened for a while then turned the volume down when ads came on and got to talking about various things (none of which involved pee desperation) -- what the next year would look like for each of us, the classes we’d be taking, funny anecdotes about our families (well, my parents and siblings, and her parents, as she was an only child), a little gossip about the dating lives of a couple of our mutual friends, and things like that.

Before we knew it we were approaching the intersection of Highway 281 and I-80. There was a large travel plaza just north of the intersection and I pulled in there without announcing plans first. I didn’t need to stop again, but wanted to give Mandy the opportunity, which she accepted without comment. I was getting thirsty, though, so bought a water bottle big enough to refill my water bottle as well as offer some to Mandy. Even if it did just make her need to stop more often, it mattered that she stay hydrated.

We got on the highway and listened to music again. A few minutes in, Mandy did feel thirsty and finished her water bottle, and I offered her the rest of the water bottle I’d purchased for a refill. She accepted and I knew we’d be stopping again, but that was fine. While some exits off of I-80 between Grand Island and Lincoln had no services, there were at least several good options every 15 minutes or so. In the rare event of needing to leave the highway and take an alternate route, we were also getting back into an area with a predictable grid system of back roads and plenty of towns with basic services a short drive away.

A couple of miles before Exit 348 Mandy announced, confidently and without any shame, that another stop would be good soon. “How urgent?” I asked. “Not very yet, but take the next opportunity you get.” “Will do,” I confirmed. I knew there was a larger truck stop at 353 so we would be there in about five minutes. “We’ll be there soon.” I don’t know if it was the anticipation or if the water just built up in Mandy’s bladder that quickly, but she actually had to go pretty badly five minutes later when we parked in the truck stop parking lot and I came around to open her door and escort her inside the building.

I held the door for her as she entered the truck stop and as soon as she was inside, she ran on ahead to the overhead sign labeled “Restrooms”. After visiting the men’s room myself, I waited outside the women’s room for her. She emerged shortly, and I quietly and discretely asked her, “All good?” She nodded. “Yes. Thank you for the stop though.” We held hands walking back to the car, not in a romantic “on a date” way but just in a comfortable, comforting way.

Not much else of note happened on the final leg of the trip back to Lincoln. Mandy switched the radio back to a Lincoln station, we listened to music, she sang along to a couple of songs, and pretty soon we were taking Exit 396 to O Street and heading into downtown. It was just after 9 PM. I turned north onto 27th Street and soon turned into her neighborhood and pulled up in front of her house. Mandy said to me, “Thank you for a really good day, Tom. A special day.” I’ve never been the most eloquent with words, but said “And thank you for trusting me and letting me be by your side today, Mandy. Sleep well!” As she got out of the car, taking her purse and water bottle, I stayed to make sure she was safely inside and had closed the door, and then drove the 3/4 mile of the way back to my family home.

My parents were still up and asked me how the day was and if we accomplished all we planned -- we had. “And you two were good? Nothing you’ll regret when you’re older?” Leave it to my mom to be concerned about that. “No, Mom. Good as always,” I said. And I was pretty sure I meant it. But I did have a lot to reflect on and unpack in my mind as I drifted off to sleep.

EPILOGUE:

There was no sign of awkwardness between Mandy and I when we hung out in the future. Of course we would both remember, and I won’t lie and say the events of that day didn’t become a more special memory to me in the years that followed when I would remember her. But I don’t regret what happened. I also don’t regret not stealing a peek during that desperate and intimate moment in Litchfield, even though as time’s passed I’ve sometimes wondered “what if”. Nonetheless, I’m happy with how my life turned out, and I’ve had everything I ever wanted and more (including many times to have fun with my pee kink with a lifelong partner).

But, I’m sure you’re all wondering now whether that partner is Mandy. No, like I said at the beginning, our friendship was always the kind that would have made it hard to transition to another level, and even though I look back and realize we did get dangerously close to some big changes that day, I think we were both glad that the “pee desperation incident” didn’t substantially change anything for either of us.

After classes resumed at the university, Mandy met a guy who had transferred from Colorado over the summer (ugh, if you know, you know as far as that football rivalry) and by the beginning of November they were tailgating together before games, getting student tickets together, and were clearly an item. At least they were both wearing red and he didn’t bring the black and gold with him. He proposed at the end of that school year, her sophomore year, and after a two year engagement they were married just three weeks after graduation. Last I heard, which has been several years now, they had a home in the mountains in Colorado and a couple of kids.

