Trick or Treat: An Omo Story: Chapter 2

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-10-22 06:53

So it's Halloween night and I'm heading towards the Omega Beta Zeta house for the party. I'm gonna meet Rachel there and hopefully I'll get lucky with her. I've had a crush on her for about a year now, but I've been too scared to do anything about it. Pretty childish huh? I had my black hair pulled back in a ponytail and I'm wearing a Supergirl costume. The costume guy down in media supplied me with the costume, nice guy. Strange but nice guy. When trying it on, I noticed just how short the skirt was. If I bent over you could see right up there. I probably won't do that...hehehe. I walk out the door and immediately walk back in. It's freezing out there. I grab a long coat a friend of my room mate left behind. He won't mind. I walk towards the party, through these really dark woods...

As soon as I see the long path heading into there, my stomach drops and I damn near shit myself. I should of brought a flash light. I consider turning back for a minute before I force myself to start walking down the path. It's icy and I slip a few times, narrowly avoiding falling flat on my face.

“What the heck is that?” I say. Ahead of me is a large cloaked guy...could be a girl...who knows? Either way, they were huge. Gotta be at least 7 foot 4... He's stood there, staring intently at two girls. I think I know them but I don't really care. They run away and the cloaked thing just...walks into the woods. Weird. I keep heading forward and arrive at the party. I look around and see various drunks and people I know. The two girls from earlier are over by the keg with some blonde guy. Oh my god...that's Tyler. I thought they would of banned his nicotine addicted ass from this party. That bastard...last party he-

“Hey! Jamie! Over here!” Someone yelling my voice cuts my thoughts short and I look in her direction. It's Rachel. My heart skips a beat as I skip over there. She's wearing a tight Spider man costume.

“Spider man?” I question.

“Spider Girl.” She replies. I should question that but I decide against it and just enjoy her company. We make our way around the party, talking to the people we know before quickly moving back to the keg stand. Tyler has disappeared and the girls he was with have too. Whatever. We both start downing drinks like there's no tomorrow, determined to get drunk.

About an hour later we are giggling and struggling to stand. Suddenly I feel a hand on my ass. I turn, getting ready to slap the idiot who tried it, I see no one. I turn back and find Rachel grinning at me. It takes a few seconds before I realise it was Rachel. We start making our way upstairs. I slip on a stair and I suddenly feel my underwear getting wet. I needed to pee? I didn't even notice, the alcohol dulling my...everything. I shrug, like it matters, I can hold it. We continue our way up the stairs and go into one of the bedrooms. She quickly removes my shirt, which is attached to my skirt so one off, both off and sees my red underwear.

“Wow, you're wet already” She says, suffering to the pee spot on my underwear. I say nothing and quickly connect our lips. We fall back on the bed and-

I wake up facing the wall in someone else's bedroom. Confused, I turn over and I see Rachel, asleep beside me. I'm happy because it happened but furious because I don't remember a single thing. Euuuugh. I suddenly realise the sheets are soaked. I look up at the roof and see if it's leaking..nothing...no....I....I sit up to throw the covers back when I see her. On the wall. A girl is attached to the wall...well parts of her. Her head is attached to the wall by a lock of her hair, the rest of her body is tied using some kind of wire. They are all placed in the way they would be on a human body except obvious slits on them, where they have been separated from the others.

I scream and it wakes Rachel up. She sits up and sees it. I feel warm urine spreading over from her side of the bed, warming up my side. She's wetting herself in fear and I think I may end up joining her. A warm stream bursts out my underwear and begins rewetting the bed from where I peed last night. I would be embarrassed but...she's on the wall.

To be continued...

I aplogise that it's a little shorter but whaatever.

