Desperation in a Romper

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-01-05 10:06

I know only one or two people are likely to read this, but I thought it'd be fun to write this after a discussion on the outfit in question

. Part of it might have been inspired by a short story that was told on the page, and the user that told it suggested I write a story with a similar scenario. It's still not meant to be based off that story, just the outfit, the manner of wetting, and her reaction to it.

Desperation in a Romper

It was the beginning of summer holidays, and an entire high school class was having a big party to celebrate their recent graduation. As they were all 18, they were three years under the drinking age, so they brought several cans and boxes of soda to the party and acted like they were drinking to graduation.

The most attractive girl at the party was Tina. She had long blonde hair, and today she wore a skintight pink romper which everyone thought looked really cute on her. It had ten small buttons starting just below the neck and ending in front of the belly button, and they were pink to match the suit.

She was also something of an athlete, so she had run all the way to the party house. That being said, when she arrived, her romper had been damp with sweat and she was very thirsty, so she had drank two small bottles of coke, three cans of root beer, four big glasses of Sprite, and a can of Pepsi.

An hour into the party, the sweat had dried off her and her thirst was quenched. She was having a lot of fun at the party, talking with her other ex-classmates and playing games.

Until a sudden urge to pee hit her. She groaned and crossed her legs.

"Are you all right?" said Hannah, a girl she was talking to.

"I have to go. Really badly."

Hannah giggled. "I warned you not to drink all that soda."

Tina stood up and ran towards the only bathroom. Unfortunately for her, there was a lineup. Drinking so much soda at once had taken its toll on them. Many of them looked more desperate than her. Being the early stage of her need to pee, it wasn't that bad yet, but she remembered how much she had to drink, and knew it would get serious soon.

Sure enough, the line had barely progressed when her need to pee increased. She went from uncomfortable to desperate in a matter of minutes. She held herself and did the pee dance. The people at the party who had not drank as much chuckled a bit. She didn't feel too embarrassed, right now all she cared about was keeping dry. Besides, she wasn't the only one in the line pee dancing. Sara, the girl in front of her, who had brown hair, seemed nearly as desperate as her.

For some reason everyone in the bathroom was taking a long time. She imagined they were peeing for a minute or two. Some of the boys probably missed the toilet for a few seconds and were mopping it up. A lot of them were probably relaxing for about a minute after peeing, enjoying the relief. Or taking extra time to wash their hands, likely having got a bit of pee on them.

One by one, the people in the line entered the bathroom every several minutes. With each passing minute, Tina's bladder became more full, and she held herself tighter and pee danced harder. "Hurry up! I really need to go!"

After what seemed like an eternity, there were only three people ahead of her. The girl currently in the bathroom walked out, and the boy at the front of the line walked in. Tina could hear the loud sound of his pee splashing into the toilet. She cringed, as the sound made it harder for her to hold it. She was more desperate than she'd ever been in her life.

She wasn't sure she could wait for him, or the two people in front of her. If only there was another bathroom in here. An idea suddenly occurred to her. There was a McDonalds close by. She could just run over and use the bathroom there. If none of the others had the same idea first.

"I'll be right back!" She left the line and ran out the door. She ran to McDonalds as fast as her legs would carry her, holding herself with one hand, feeling she could burst at any moment.

She ran into McDonalds and made a beeline to the women's bathroom. To her dismay, the door was open, and a janitor was cleaning.

"How long until you're done?" she said, holding herself and pee dancing.

"I just started, so about five minutes," said the janitor. "You'll have to hold it till then."

Tina wasn't sure she could. She ran back to the party house, sure that there must be one person in front of her at most now. She hoped so. She could feel waves of pee sloshing inside her as she ran.

But when she got back, she saw that five more people had lined up behind Sara, who was now next in line. They didn't look super desperate, though, as they had drank their soda in moderation, so she was sure they wouldn't take too long.

The boy in the bathroom walked out, and Sara walked in. Being a bit further away, Tina couldn't hear her peeing as loud, and was grateful for this, but knew she'd have to survive five other people using the bathroom.

After about four minutes, Sara left the bathroom, and Tina could have sworn she saw a damp spot on her jeans. Her suspicions were confirmed when Sara grabbed a can of Pepsi, shook it discreetly, and opened it, letting it explode and soak the front of her shirt and pants.

As the boy who was next in line entered the bathroom, Tina considered returning to McDonalds, but if there was a line there, she'd just lose her spot here again. She was better off waiting for those in front of her.

It took all five of the new arrivals under a minute to use the bathroom. Tina was still in desperate need of a bathroom, dancing frantically and fit to burst, but she felt slightly better knowing her relief was on it way.

Once the girl in front of her walked out of the bathroom, dry and looking relieved, Tina raced into the bathroom, locked the door behind her, and ran up to the toilet. At last, she'd get the relief she so desperately needed.

Until she realized she'd have to undo all ten buttons on her romper to get it down. She groaned and undid her top button. She had to pee so badly she fumbled with the next buttons after that. It was a race to undo the buttons before she wet herself. She kind of felt like a race horse.

Tina finally got her second button undone, and tried to undo the third. Standing in front of the toilet wasn't helping, it made her overflowing bladder scream for release even more.

She had just undone her fifth button when it happened. She felt her crotch grow warm and wet, and could hear a soft hissing sound, and, a few seconds later, she felt a warm wetness running down her legs. She had just begun peeing her romper. She tried to stop, but her stream only got stronger.

She knew there was no point in holding it, so she sat on the toilet to avoid expanding the small puddle she'd already made on the bathroom floor. She stopped trying to hold it and peed through her romper into the toilet. She'd only undone it halfway, and the zipper had stayed in position due to its tightness, so her chest wasn't exposed, and the lower part of it wasn't loosened in the slightest. She could feel her pee soaking her butt as it splashed into the toilet. She let out a big sigh of relief, for it did feel kind of nice after being desperate for so long, even if it didn't end in the way she preferred.

She peed for about three minutes. The crotch and butt of her romper were soaked. She stood up and looked into the toilet. The water was very yellow, and she could smell the pee clearly. She buttoned up her romper again, grabbed some toilet paper, mopped up her puddle, put it in the toilet, flushed it, washed her hands, and left the bathroom.

"I didn't make it," she said sheepishly.

Everyone laughed. Tina blushed lightly, but giggled, making light of the situation. It was kind of funny. She did feel a little embarrassed, but not overly so. She'd always laugh if someone wet himself or herself in a movie. She just laughed it off and continued the party in her wet romper. She actually had a bit of fun telling the others how it happened, about how much she had drank, the McDonalds bathroom being cleaned, and that she had wet herself trying to undo her romper. She realized it was very silly to choose an outfit like this and drink so much soda, but she felt amused rather than ashamed, and anyone who teased her about it did so in good nature.

For the rest of the party, whenever she needed to pee, she went in her romper, though she made sure she was sitting on the toilet first. When someone jokingly asked if she had another accident, she replied it wasn't an accident this time, and laughed with them.

She knew she'd joke about this many times in the future.

*005*2019-01-07 19:56

{{2 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

This story is better than you give it credit for! I’ve always preferred a more positive vibe rather than the humiliation aspect of omorashi, so seeing a girl just play it off is personally a plus for me, but I also think it’s ironic in a very sexy and cool way, and definitely original.

}}

Thanks. And I saw you were the first upvote of this story. Glad you liked it.

Nowadays I have quite a fascination for people not minding it as much or being able to laugh it off.

*007*2019-01-07 23:38

Yeah, even in fiction I do like them to not feel too bad about it. I do like humiliation scenarios too but I like them to feel better by the end of it. I especially prefer this in real life, even if they didn't intend to wet themselves they're not too ashamed of it and can laugh about it. It might also be my preferred style for fictional pee accidents right now. I love hearing stories like that and it feels more lighthearted and positive like you said.

*010*2019-01-13 00:56

It seems this is a popular post. What a pleasant surprise. Even here my stories aren't usually that popular.

