Wetting in Another World with OP Water Magic Skills

Author: Tom Hayfield

*000*2025-05-21 20:00

PROLOGUE

'I'm really, really, really, really sorry but... I kind of, sort of... killed you'.

'WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?!?'.

Kai stepped back in shock and promptly did a full-on backflip fall, slamming face first into the marble floor as the woman before him grimaced in pain.

'Be careful! Here, take a seat. I'll explain everything... this might take a while'.

(One surprisingly short minute later)

'So, basically, I was out fishing and because you were using ocean magic to try and catch an escaped Umibozu, you ended up capsizing my boat and I drowned. That about sums it up?'.

'Yep!'.

Kai wasn't sure if he should laugh, scream or cry, so instead he just groaned and drank the tea in front of him. This was just his luck. An entire lifetime of uneventful mediocrity and the first memorable thing that has ever happened to him immediately causes his death.

Wonderful.

Still, at least he could say he'd had tea with a deity now. The woman before him was the Goddess: Toyotama-hime and she was friendly enough: Bubbly, sweet; if not a little hyperactive. To his eyes, she appeared to be a woman in her early 20s: Black-haired, long legged, with ocean blue eyes. She wore a red dragon kimono and the hall around them was filled with dragon statues, furniture and paintings. He'd considered not believing anything she said upon first arriving here, wondering if he was having some fever dream from having inhaled too much water while out fishing. In the end, he quickly accepted; albeit with annoyance, the realisation he had died.

This whole thing was too weird for him to dream up on his own.

'So, what happens now?'.

'Well, normally your soul would be sent to the Ten Kings for judgment' said the Goddess chirpily.

'Wait, the Ten Kings are real? Aren't you from a different reli-'.

'-However, because I ended your life ahead of your destined time, I owe you a new life'.

'Huh. Why not just give me back my old one?'.

'Time passes differently here for human souls. In the time we've been talking, 8 weeks have passed on your Earth. Your body is already severely decomposed, I'm afraid. Trust me, you wouldn't want it back now'.

'... Well shit'.

'Don't worry though, you'll get a new body in a world I govern and it'll be tonnes of fun!' said Toyotama-hime, enthusiastically.

'Forgive me if I'm not overly confident in the goddess that killed me' said Kai bluntly.

'Hey, I said I was sorry didn't I?! Look, I promise, I can make it up to you! Let's bring up your stats'.

'My sta-'.

Suddenly, what appeared to be a computer projection screen appeared to Kai's side, displaying various pieces of information to them both:

Name: Kai Kamimura

Age: 22

Description: Brown hair, brown eyes, caucasian, 5'8, average build.

Occupation: Administrative Assistant, Kaito Corporation.

Hobbies: Fishing, Cooking, Television, *EXPLICIT INTERESTS BELOW*

'Woah, this thing knows everything about... what does it mean explicit interests?'.

'Oh, Kai! You are naughty!'.

Kai's eyes shot to the bottom of the screen and if he wasn't already dead, he might have had a heart attack.

Explicit Interests: Omorashi Fetishist. Subject displays an extremely high interest in all watersports related activities, including desperation, wetting, forced holding, bladder control and humiliation. He is; what one might call, a dirty boy.

'WHO WROTE THAT LAST BIT?!?!?!'.

The goddess giggled, a blush rising to her cheeks.

'Oh my god, this is the worst' said Kai, his head sinking into his hands. 'Just kill me again. I want to be extra-dead'.

'Kai, cheer up; I'm not a judgmental Goddess' reassured Toyotama-hime. 'Quite the opposite, in-fact'.

Kai looked up to see the Goddess was now in a kneeling position in front of him, two hands shoved between her legs as she squirmed in place.

'What... what's going on right now?!' whispered Kai, bewildered.

'Don't you get it, Kai. I'm an ocean goddess, which means your... interests, come under my domain. Not a lot of human souls come my way and I haven't met someone with your passions in centuries. Its... refreshing'.

Her voice was sultry, warm and Kai felt a chill run down his back and he began to grow hard with desire; his cheeks flushing red.

'Toyotama-h-'.

'-Just call me Toya. Your kink lets me sense your desires and I can tell how frustrated you've been, all your life. You've never gotten to watch a woman lose control, have you? So many close calls, so many locked knees and desperate dances, yet they always made it or...' Toya giggled. 'You didn't get to be there when they lost it'.

'W-what?!'.

'Those are secrets for me to know' said Toya mischievously, moaning as she began to bounce rapidly on the spot. 'One of my powers is the ability to manipulate bladders, including my own. I can fill up very, very quickly and right now, I'm just about ready to pop. If that's what you want'.

Kai was speechless. He didn't know how to process half of what had happened to him so far and now this?! His brain had practically short-circuited. He felt anxious, excited, scared stiff and so damn stiff it was now hurting from how pent up he was. He could hardly even move from shock and didn't know what to do. Toya was pretty. More than that, she was beautiful. In appearance, she just the kind of woman he had always found so attractive and; secretly, had longed to see lose control of themselves.

Still, could he do it? She was a goddess! He was just an ordinary guy and if he failed to please her, what then? Would she be disappointed? Would she get angry and deny him a chance to reincarnate? Would he get sent to hell?!

'Kai... let me show you one more thing I know you like'.

The goddess pulled back her kimono, exposing her upper thighs and Kai's eyes grew as wide as dinner-plates as he saw what she was wearing.

Nylon white panties. Pink lace trim. Soaked at the crotch.

'I just can't hold it anymore'.

Kai's fears vanished in a wave of lust as he threw himself towards the goddess, their lips crashing together right as a loud hissing began to ring in his ears. As he kissed down her neck, Toya's body trembled against his and he looked down to see her white underwear now completely flooded, a large puddle growing between her legs as Toya giggled naughtily.

'I'm sorry, Kai. I can't help it. I'm wetting myself'.

Kai growled with excitement; lost in a haze of lust, his right hand sliding between Toya's legs as she continued to pee. Soon, he was rubbing the front of her soaking wet underwear and the goddess was openly moaning in excitement. Kai then ripped open the front of her kimono, exposing her bare breasts: DD cup in size. His tongue slid over her right nipple, while he took the left in hand and began groping her without hesitation.

'Oh Kai, that feels so good! Fuck, its been so long!'.

'I've wanted this my whole life!' was all Kai could say in response, still barely able to believe what was happening.

Toya grinned, pressing her lips to his ear and breathing out the next words on a whimper.

'I know'.

Several hours later, Kai and Toya lay side-by-side; their clothes shredded, their bodies absolutely pushed to exhaustion, both sporting stupid grins of delight. There were large puddles throughout the hall, along with several different outfits, soaked sex toys and numerous other devices of varying purposes.

'Kai' said Toya breathlessly. 'Let me tell you this: You TRULY know how to worship a goddess'.

Chuckling against her exposed body, Kai grinned.

'Anytime'.

Toya smiled, then frowned; then gasped in shock.

'Uh oh!'.

Suddenly, a loud clock chime rang out through the hall, startling Kai as Toya jumped to her feet.

'Ah shit, shit, shit, shit!' she said, panicked.

'What, what is it?!' asked Kai.

'Reincarnation preparation isn't meant to last this long, I just got... distracted' blushed Toya. 'You've now only got five minutes to pick out your special abilities for the next world, then you'll automatically enter the next world with whatever you've chosen. That's the way the divine realm works'.

'What?! Five minutes?! That's no time at all! Wait, what do you even mean by special abilities???'.

'In the world you're going to be reincarnated into, Acquea, there's magic and monsters and all kinds of things that don't exist in your old world. In order to handle those, each person gets three special abilities at birth, to boost certain skills and attributes and to offer unique opportunities. Most get them assigned randomly. For those who are reincarnated, we usually let them choose the three abilities they want, then wipe their memories and start them off as newborns'.

'Right, okay but... wait! I... I don't want to forget you!' said Kai, looking distraught.

Toya smiled.

'I don't want you to forget me either. That's why, I'm going to bend the rules a little bit. Firstly, you'll be reincarnating as an adult, with your memories. I'll start you off somewhere where you have lots of opportunities and where you won't just immediately, you know, die'.

'Not dying immediately would be good!'.

'Also, I'm going to give you six special abilities to start you off with, as an apology for cutting your last life short. I think you've also earned a blessing from the Goddess for all your hardwork over the past several hours'.

Despite everything, Kai blushed and Toya giggled, snapping her fingers as Kai's body began to glow with golden light.

'What's-'.

'-Its all your new abilities bonding themselves to you. They'll take effect the moment you leave the Divine Realm'.

'B-but how I will I know how to use anything?!'.

'Experiment. Try new things. You seemed willing before' said Toya cheekily. 'The only thing you need to know in advance: If you want to check your abilities, say: Open Status. Don't forget that'.

'Open Status. Got it'.

Toya smiled, her eyes tearing up as she looked towards Kai and another clock chime echoed throughout the hall.

'Acquea has a lot of similarities to Earth but its also very different. You can be different to. You can be the man you've always wanted to be, Kai. The man I know; deep down, you are'.

'Toya-'.

'-I'm going to miss you. This is the most fun I've had in a long time. When you get to my world, please don't hesitate to have fun and find love, wherever you can. I'm not the jealous type. Although...' Toya paused, a playful grin emerging on her face. 'Perhaps I'll have to pop in now and then. Check in on you. Make sure you're being good'.

Kai's face had gone red again and Toya laughed, as a portal of gold and blue energy opened behind him.

'Have fun! Enjoy your new life! Make the most of it!'.

'Toya-' began Kai but it was too late.

- Before he could continue, he was pulled through the portal by a sudden whoosh of energy; Toya and the Divine Realm disappearing in an instant, his vision obscured by a blinding light.

Okay... new world. Here I come!

*003*2025-05-21 21:52

{{Just now, Red31299 said:

Do you already have plans in mind for these "OP powers" or are you taking suggestions?

}}

I have plans, though you're more than welcome to offer suggestions! 🙂

*008*2025-05-24 19:58

EPISODE 1: THE PISS BANDIT

Kai would have liked to say his first moments in another world were a graceful opening of his eyes, before gazing out onto stranger plains; full of awe and mystery...

In truth, he landed on his face as the portal dropped him; with a painful thud, onto the grass.

'Ow'.

Rising to his feet with a groan, Kai looked around at his surroundings. In front of him, there was a forest of pine trees, lavender flowers and he could hear the chirping of many different birds and animals. Behind him, a sparkling blue lake; stretching out for for miles, sparkling as the sunlight from a cloudless day gleamed over the water.

So, this is another world. Kai looked down and saw that his former clothes; basic fishing gear, had not been returned to him from the Divine Realm. Instead, he was now wearing brown boots and trousers, with a plan white shirt and a blue coat on-top with white fur lining; yet he didn't feel overly warm, despite it being a bright day. Toya did mention magic, perhaps its enchanted. Come to think of it, she said I'd have a new body?! What do I look like?! Racing over to the lake, Kai stared at his reflection and was mostly relieved at the results. He appeared to be a more slender version of himself in his late teens, though he couldn't exactly pin down what age.

Then, he remembered what Toya had said.

'Open status'.

In an instant, a computer-like screen of text appeared above his wrist; nearly identical to the one Toya had brought up for him in the Divine Realm, though several details had changed:

Name: Kai Kamimura

Age: 19

Description: Brown hair, brown eyes, caucasian, 5'8, slender build.

Special Abilities:

Now that was new! Kai looked at the list excitedly!

Ability 1: Fearsome Fighter (Significantly increased stamina, speed, strength, dexterity and mana)

Kai looked down and clenched his left fist, slowly, before throwing a punch. Instead of a limp, unguided effort, he found that his muscles seemed to act as if with trained instinct and; even with no target, he could feel the power behind it. Okay, that's cool! Thanks Toya!

Ability 2: Gateway (Can open teleportation gateways to any location previously visited)

That will be incredibly useful! Kai wondered if that was a common ability in this world but even if it was, he was glad to have it regardless.

Ability 3: Master Mage (Water Magic)

Kai stared blankly at the screen for a long time, barely able to comprehend what he was reading. MAGE?! Am I... no way! Below that ability, there were a list of instructions and powers associated with that ability: Water Whip, Advanced Healing, Big Wave, etc. The list went on and on; hundreds of different powers, as Kai's excitement grew with every passing second. Eventually, he turned towards the lake, hesitating only briefly. Can I really do this?! Well, it doesn't hurt to try! Breathing deeply, he closed his eyes, stood still and stretched out his hand; following the instructions:

'To cast move, focus on the power, visualise and; if needed, use verbal commands to aid in casting'.

'Big wave!'.

In an instant, a massive torrent of water rose from the lake and spread out across hundreds of feet; racing forwards as Kai stared in awe before, finally, the wave came crashing down, creating a huge distortion in the water that rippled out in all directions.

'I... did it! I'm a mage! I'm a mage! Hell yeah!'.

Kai jumped around excitedly, screaming with delight for several moments before; finally, composing himself. Even so, he could scarcely contain his grinning, before remembering what Toya had said:

'I'm going to give you six special abilities to start you off with, as an apology for cutting your last life short'.

Opening the screen back up, Kai scrolled down to his fourth Special Ability:

Ability 4: Appraisal Shadow (Wielder can hide/alter their skills/abilities from appraisal)

'Huh, interesting: I guess there's places where people knowing my powers might be dangerous' reasoned Kai. However, when he saw the next Special Ability, the previous one made far more sense:

Ability 5: Bladder Master (Ability to manipulate anyone’s bladder at will)

Kai's pale skin turned red as a tomato. 'Toya!' he screamed aloud, looking around frantically; making sure no one had seen what he just read. Bladder master?! What does that even mean?! Toya, are you crazy!

(Somewhere in the divine realm, ecstatic laughter rang out)

'Oh my god... gods... whatever' said Kai, starting to calm down as his mind began to run wild with the possibilities. Bladder master... Does that mean I can make women w- no, stop! This is... wrong. Surely. Is it... I mean... this is a divine gift. Maybe its normal! Absolutely not! Toya is just a perv! You can't think that about a goddess! Wait, what is the last ability?!

Ability 6: Lady Luck's Desperation (The beneficiary will often find themselves drawn into or benefitting from situations involving women desperate for the bathroom)

'Oh, she's a perv'.

Goddess Blessing: Ladies Man (Enhanced Appeal to the opposite sex, 400%; 800% for those with the same sexual interests)

'OH, SHE'S DEFINITELY A PERV!'.

Even so; despite his protests, Kai could already see the possibilities: Rows of desperate women, squirming before him, a veritable harem of ladies; all on the verge of totally losing control. Oh my gods, Toya's corrupted me. No, stop thinking about this! Stop it! Kai stormed away from the lake, marching through the forest; trying to clear his head of an increasing number of dirty thoughts. At the same time, he used his Appraisal Shadow to hide all abilities 4 & below; obscuring them from view to anyone but himself. If anyone saw those, I'd be run out of every town on this planet!

Emerging from the treeline, Kai found himself on a narrow road; running through the forest. Not knowing which direction to take, he turned left and began walking, angrily huffing as he went. Perv goddess. That goddess is a perv. I don't care what we did in the Divine Realm, this is still pervy! However, before he could continue being irritated, he heard the sound of an approaching group; raucous laughter closing in from the distance. Kai breathed a sigh of relief.

'Hi, excuse me! I'm kind of lost. Would you mind pointing me in the way of the nearest town...'.

Kai's voice tailed off as the group came into sight: There were seven men, each uglier and meaner looking than the last; armed with blackened steel blades. Out front, there was a woman in tight red trousers wearing a golden petticoat, her left eye covered by a blood-stained eyepatch; with cutlasses at either side of her waist. She had long, curly black hair, her uncovered eye was a bright green and her lips; gleaming from lip-balm that looked like blood, were curled in a mean grin.

Oh no.

'Sorry, you chose a bad place to be lost'.

Kai felt his heartbeat racing as he looked towards the frightening group, meekly raising his hands.

'I-I don't want any trouble'.

'Oh, did you hear that, he doesn't want any trouble!' said the biggest of the group; clapping his hands together as they roared with laughter.

'You're clearly some naive rich kid, so let me spell this out for you: We're the Dark Swords and I'm Bloodeye Rylee. Heard of me?' asked the female.

'N-no' stuttered Kai honestly.

Rylee scoffed.

'Pampered brat. Well boy, if you want to make it through this in one piece, hand over everything of value you've got on you and we'll let you run home to mommy and daddy'.

'Ah, come on boss, let us have some fun with him' said one of the other men, wielding a sword that weighted almost as much as Kai.

'He's a scrawny, do-nothing. There's not enough meat on the bones to even toy with' said Rylee mockingly, swaying gently as if completely bored with the whole thing. 'Let's get this over with quickly'.

ALERT: BLADDER MASTER OPPORTUNITY

Suddenly, everything around Kai stopped moving, the bandits conversation ceased; even the wind was no longer blowing through the trees. Kai found he couldn't move but could look around, bewildered. What is this?! Then, he looked back to the bandits and; in front of Rylee, a screen appeared:

Target: Tilly (Rylee) of Culem's Town

Age: 20

Magic resistance: Weak

Bladder: 73% of Max Capacity. Following options available:

1. Transfer Fluids (Please Select 'In/Out')

2. Strengthen/Weaken Capacity.

3. INSTANT WETTING (70% minimum threshold for target, fulfilled)

Hold on, instant wetting?! Kai stared in shock at the screen's option and its subsequent description:

Target will suffer an immediate, uncontrollable loss of all bladder control. Wetting within 5-10 seconds, 99.97% probability.

Kai stared at the screen, then at Rylee; his head light with the possibilities. Staring at her; completely frozen, Kai could see the telltale signs of desperation: Her legs were slightly pushed together, her shoulders rigid and she had even said she wanted to get this over with quickly. I could really make her... lose control. Right now. Toya was one thing, one absolutely amazing thing but this would be... a genuine accident. Unplanned. Spontaneous.

Even so, Kai felt guilt swelling within him. Is this even right to use? I know she's threatening me but... I just got to this world. I don't even know who these people are. Maybe I can talk this out.

Kai exited 'Bladder Master Mode' and time returned to its normal flow.

'Look, listen, my name's Kai. Maybe we can work something out?' asked Kai, hopeful of a resolution.

Rylee looked towards him in disbelief, while her men broke out in fits of laughter.

'Is this guy for real?!'.

'I'm just saying, you don't have to resort to violence-'.

'-Is this scrawny noble telling us what to do?!' said the biggest man, Henry, drawing his sword. 'I think he needs to be taught a lesson!'.

'For gods sake, he's no threat' shouted Rylee but Henry was no longer listening, as Kai began to panic.

'Wait, hold on-'.

'-No more talking!' bellowed Henry, swinging his sword down; aiming for Kai's legs. Moving faster than he ever had in his life, Kai instinctively backflipped away from him, landing several feet back. The other members of The Dark Swords snickered, though Rylee looked irritated and; for multiple reasons, a touch concerned.

'Nimble one, aren't ya!' bellowed Henry, swinging his sword again; aiming for Kai's head.

This time, Kai ducked under the blade; avoiding it by only a few inches. With adrenalin coursing through him and acting on instinct, Kai lashed out with a punch to the man's side and was shocked as Henry bellowed with pain, dropped his sword and then, collapsed to the ground; unconscious. What?! How did I... Oh, right! Ferocious fighter! Thank you so much Toya! The first temple I find of you, I'm praying for days!

'You little shit!' snarled Rylee. 'You think you can hurt one of my own and get away with it!'.

Rylee drew her cutlasses, though didn't immediately attack and Kai could see she was hesitating; weighing up whether to attack an unknown opponent who had proved to be stronger than she thought. Kai however felt no such hesitation.

'Oh, I do!' he shouted back, angrily. 'I just wanted directions and you try to cut me in half. I was going easy on you'.

Rylee growled.

'Now, you die'.

Bladder Mode: Activate

Select Option

Instant Wetting

ACTIVATE

Rylee gasped as if she'd been suddenly punched, dropping both cutlasses. The rest of The Dark Swords looked at her in confusion.

'Boss?'.

Rylee shoved both hands between her legs, her face full of fear; yet it made no difference. Slowly, a wet patch began to form on the crotch of her tight red trousers, leaking through her fingers no matter how tightly she held. She was now violently shaking, trying to form words that wouldn't come as she completely lost all control; the wetness expanding across the front of her trousers, running down her legs and running in dozens of streaks across her leather boots, forming a puddle on the stone path beneath her. The bandit leader didn't know where to look, though her men stared at her incredulously; not believing their eyes, until one of them snorted.

'Boss, what the fuck?!'.

'Did that little shit actually scare you? How pathetic are you!'.

'I told you, we shouldn't have let her hire us!'.

Rylee was trembling, unable to accept the reality of what had happened; though Kai was loving every moment of it. Gods, that was so hot. Thanks Toya, this ability rules! Screw her!

'This isn't... I'm not...' said Rylee weakly, not even able to deny what was obvious to all present.

'What kind of bandit pisses themselves on the job?'.

'I knew her reputation had to be false!'.

'What a joke!'.

Kai cleared his throat, finally getting their attention back on him.

'So, your leader's obviously having some issues. I'll just be on my way' said Kai, cockily; smugly, turning to leave.

'Oh no you don't! Ignore her, she's not a true member of the Dark Swords. You still owe us for what you did to Henry'.

'Yeah... how about no'.

'Come on lads, get him!'.

The rest of the Dark Swords charged Kai as Rylee stood still, her knees shaking badly; unable to move. Kai sighed with contempt.

'Let's try this: Big Wave!'.

A jet of high pressure water shot from the palm of Kai's right hand; growing wider and wider every second, hitting the Dark Swords bandits directly. The force of the impact slammed each into the surrounding trees and bushes, knocking them unconscious. Rylee watched this happen in disbelief, then stared in horror as Kai slowly sauntered over.

'So, what was that you said about... getting away with it?'.

Rylee; terrified and humiliated, felt her legs give way as she collapsed into her own puddle, kneeling before Kai as the last of her bladder emptied onto the ground.

'You enjoy threatening people? Hurting people? As far as I can tell, you're not very good at it. Pissing yourself like a little girl in the middle of a battle. I'm surprised you've made it this far'.

Rylee head slumped down, as Kai frowned.

'Oh, you have nothing to say? No more threats! You're not going to try and hurt me, demand my valuables, threaten to cut me into piec-'.

'-For gods sake, get it over with! Just kill me!'.

Kai froze as Rylee looked up, tears running down her face; her whole body shaking with fear and rage.

'Am... am I supposed to feel sorry for you?' said Kai, trying to sound confident; though he was now off-balance. 'What is this, playing for sympathy?'.

Rylee laughed at that, hard and bitterly; unsettling Kai even further. What the fuck?!

'You noble types are all the same! You love toying with people. I'll admit it, I didn't know what you were until it was too late. With power like yours, you're probably a court mage, right? So what, you were out here, looking to stretch your legs, take out your stress on some unsuspecting fools!'.

'You attacked me!'.

'Because I'm trying to undo what your kind did!' she screamed, ripping off her eyepatch; almost causing Kai to vomit at the sight.

Her left eye was surrounded by dozens of swollen veins; bulging red, with the main eyeball filled with blood that had blotted out all colour. Kai was absolutely horrified.

'What is that?'.

'Don't act like you don't know! This is a blood curse, given to me by a noble who felt my family hadn't paid our taxes quickly enough; despite always being halfway to starvation. So yeah, I tried to rob you. I was even working with those arseholes, trying to keep them in line, so I could get enough money together to pay for healing which, hey, you nobles control too! My whole life has been ruined by your kind, so no, I don't expect sympathy! Just kill me!'.

All the satisfaction Kai had felt in causing her accident evaporated and Kai felt absolutely awful, though he was far angrier at whoever had inflicted this upon Rylee. What kind of monster does this to another person?!

'I... I don't want to kill you'.

Rylee snorted with contempt.

'Oh, so what, you're going to let me go? How kind. Now those idiots will spread the tale of the piss bandit and I'll never be feared again. That was the only thing which allowed me to even carry out robberies. I don't even have abilities meant for wielding those fucking swords' she admitted, gesturing to her cutlasses. 'After this, I've got nothing left. But yeah, sure. Spare me. How kind. My lord'.

Kai stared at Rylee; now a defeated wreck, not knowing what to say. She wasn't moving from the spot and he had an awful feeling that if he left her here, the next person those cutlasses would be used on were herself. She might have tried to rob me but... I don't think she's a bad person. Not at heart. There's got to be something I can do'.

Then, he remembered one of his powers.

Kai kneeled down in front of Rylee, placing his hand against her cursed eye.

'What are you-'.

'-Hold still' ordered Kai, closing his eyes.

'Advanced healing!'.

A blue glow spread from Kai's palm and over Rylee face, the bloodied veins around her eye slowly disappearing; the blood draining away as the green colour slowly returned. Kai breathed slowly, steadily; concentrating on purging the curse from her body. He didn't know how he knew what to do, it just felt like instinct and; not for the first time, he sent a silent prayer of thanks to his favourite goddess.

Thanks Toya. Now, I can make a difference.

When Kai's spell finally ran its course and he opened his eyes, he saw that Rylee's eye was now fully healed; smiling softly at her completely shocked expression. Slowly, she raised a hand to her left eye and; upon finding the curse gone, she covered her mouth in shock, fresh tears running down her face. After a long while, she looked up and stared at Kai:

'Who are you?'.

'I told you, my name's Kai and I'm not with the nobility. Truth is, I'm not even from around here. That's why I was looking for directions, before you and this lot gave me such a warm welcome'.

Rylee blushed.

'I... I'm sorry. I just, I've wanted this gone for so long and...' Rylee's voice tailed off as she touched her face, sighing. 'The truth is, I'd gotten desperate because of the pain. I'd become willing to do anything, if I could find a way to stop it. But that's no excuse'.

Rylee; shakily, stood to her feet and stretched out her arms.

'The nearest town is seven miles west and if you hand me in to the authorities, you'll be able to claim a bounty. I won't try to fight you'.

Kai tilted his head, then began to laugh.

'What's so funny?!' asked Rylee, shocked.

'I'm not going to hand you in to the authorities... whoever they are'.

'But I-'.

'-Yeah, you were an arsehole but, you weren't these guys and; honestly, I'm not looking to make enemies. If you agree not to engage in anymore banditry, then I can let you go with a clean conscience'.

'I... I swear. I'll never steal from anyone again' said Rylee, speaking from the bottom of her heart.

Kai nodded, satisfied.

'If I could, I'd probably hand this lot in; they were the real troublemakers but I don't have anyway to get them to the town'.

'There's a patrol that comes down this road in a few hours. If you can freeze them in place with your water magic, they'll get picked up then' suggested Rylee.

'Got it... ice hold!'.

In a matter of seconds, the hands and feet of the bandits were sealed against the ground by thin but incredibly strong layers of ice; tough enough that they wouldn't be broken anytime soon. Rylee stared in disbelief.

'We really stood no chance against you, did we?'.

Kai shrugged, modestly.

'What's your real name?' asked Kai, already knowing the answer. 'I'm guessing Rylee is just an alias'.

'Oh, right. I-i'm Tilly'.

'Kai. That was true from the beginning'.

Tilly giggled, surprised at her own nerves as she twisted awkwardly on the spot.

'Well... if you're still happy to let me go, I should probably be going. If I'm still here when you hand these guys over to the patrol, they'll rat me out for sure'.

'You're welcome to go anytime, though I won't be hanging around here either'.

'Wait, what? But... you won't get your reward!'.

'For now, I'd rather stay under the radar'.

'What?'.

'Uh, what I mean is, I'd rather not be known to the nobility or any authorities. I don't want to have to explain how I beat them all'.

'Oh, yeah, that makes sense. Honestly, with water magic abilities like that, its a miracle you weren't already discovered. You must be at least scholar level for sure!'.

Master, actually; not that I know what the difference is.

'I just try my best' said Kai awkwardly.

'Gods, I still can't believe I pissed myself during that whole thing' exclaimed Tilly, looking at her soaked trousers in embarrassment.

'Had you been holding a while?' asked Kai, trying to hide how interested he was.

'Yeah, you could say that. I'd scrapped enough money together from a few robberies of drunk nobles to hire these pricks, in order to rob a country merchant's estate. Bunch of thugs who have no hesitation hurting people. I was barely keeping them in line, thanks to the reputation I'd built scaring cowardly nobles outside of taverns. Even so, I couldn't let my guard down for a second and I definitely couldn't ask for unscheduled bathroom breaks. By the time you showed up, I needed to go pretty badly. Still, I didn't think I'd just lose control randomly like that but then, I guess my body knew something about you I didn't'.

Actually, you just fell victim to the gifted abilities from a pervy goddess.

'Yeah, I guess so. Oh, let me help you with that!'.

'Huh?'.

'Water blast!'.

A large burst of water; about one bathtub's full, was suddenly launched at and soaked through Tilly in an instant.

'Hey!'.

'Water drain!'.

With a flick of the wrist, that same water; now having cleansed out the stain of pee from her clothes, was pulled from Tilly's body before being flicked into a nearby bush.

'That... is one useful power!'.

You're telling me! I've been hard for half this conversation, just thinking about what this stuff can do!

'Well, anyway, I'm going to get going' said Kai, moving to walk past Tilly, who stared at him; conflicted.

'Wait!'.

Kai turned round.

'Can... can I come with you?'.

Kai looked bewildered.

'Why would you want that?'.

'Because, you saved me! You healed me where no one else would! I'd been driven to... this, because of that curse and you undid it like it was nothing! You said yourself you don't know this area! I have a map, supplies, some money! What's mine is yours'.

'You don't have to do tha-' began Kai but Tilly interrupted.

'-Please... you're, amazing' she said honestly, causing Kai to turn red with shock. 'I'm free of the curse but... I don't have anything to go back to and I don't want to be this person anymore. I don't want to be a cursed bandit or a non-cursed one. Let me be helpful to you and repay my debt, rather than keep taking from others'.

Kai had only heard half of that, still reeling from her first words in that sentence. She... thinks I'm amazing?!

'Please?'.

Kai stared at her and instantly melted at her sincere, hopeful stare.

'Okay... for a while. But you can leave anytime you want to. You're not my servant'.

Tilly blushed at the idea, though folded her arms in feigned outrage.

'W-well, obviously!' she blustered, trying to sound angry. 'I'm trying to be honourable. Don't expect me to be your personal maid!'.

Kai laughed.

'Fine, just behave... or get punished' he said, in an overly sinister voice as he quickly summoned a water whip.

The tendril of water swung round Tilly in an instant and; forming a hand shape at its end, smacked against her rear end. The impact barely hurt, though Tilly jumped at the impact!

'Did-did you just-'.

'-Come on' smirked Kai, beginning to walk west.

'Let's get going'.

TO BE CONTINUED...

