The Night Shift (short story)

Author: TrailRunner

*000*2019-12-10 16:28

The thing about falling asleep is you never "know" when it happens. You can only register such things when you're awake. The day shift worker responsible for shutting off the brain clocks out before the one in charge of officially switching the body from awake to asleep.

So that's bad news for an 18-year-old girl lying in her bed, waiting for the bathroom to open. Especially when the pillow is so comfortable, the sheets so warm and inviting, and the darkness filling the room.

Her body starts to assign tasks over to autopilot. Blinking gets slower and slower until her eyes are closed. Her breathing steadies and slows down to a pace that's enough to keep the air flowing but not much more. And the brain begins to turn off. One by one, the day shift clocks out and the night shift checks in.

The night shift is great at what they do: Forming the days' events into memories, dreaming, checking to make sure the heart is pumping, and sending the right proteins to repair muscles so they're fresh tomorrow.

But they're not so prepared for a full bladder. It's not even on their radar. They're used to the routine: She pees before bed, and then pees when she gets up. As far as they're concerned, it's a day shift problem.

So there's nothing in place to actually receive the signal when bladder cries out. "Just flip over," are the only instructions her body gets, and so she does.

Meanwhile her bladder is confused. It's sending the right signals but not waking her up. It has more liquid inside than it can handle. "WAKE UP WAKE UP WAKE UP" it sends up to the brain, but again the calls go unanswered.

A quick spurt of pee eases the pressure, wetting her underwear beneath her pajamas. Surely this will get the brain's attention?

No dice. Time for another spill, this time a few seconds. The pee streams out, wetting through her underwear into her pajamas, gravity bringing it down the back of her leg and even getting the sheets wet.

"LAST CALL," her bladder pleads to her brain. But the only thing her brain registers is the sudden rise in temperature between her legs, a pleasant warmth.

And so her bladder calls the whole thing off. Walks off, closes shop, shuts it down.... her brain obviously isn't listening so her bladder decides it's not going to do it's job either and just lets go.

And go it does, the hot yellow pee flowing freely into her underwear, her pajamas, and her bed. With nothing in place to stop the presses the stream hisses out of her, puddling up beneath her hip and pooling down to her knee. Her brain feels nothing but the continued warmth down her leg.

Even just a quarter full, there's no stopping now. She lies still in bed, blissfully asleep as she completely pees in her bed, sweet relief to her bladder.

A day-shift brain worker suddenly stumbles in and realizes what's going on. "WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?!?!" it asks, causing her to finally snap awake.

