Princess Daisy's Wetsuit (Messing version)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2024-06-25 20:43

This is the version of my latest story that includes a messing scene. It isn't partiacularly drawn out or descriptive but it is there for anyone who is into messing, and to those who aren't, read the other version

.

Princess Daisy's Wetsuit

One day, Princess Daisy decided to go swimming with the dolphins at the beach. So she walked over to a shop that sold underwater equipment, and picked out some breathing gear.

"Would you like a wetsuit as well?" the shopkeeper asked.

"Sure," said Daisy. She picked out a yellow and orange wetsuit.

"This wetsuit will act similar to a drysuit and stay dry on the inside," said the shopkeeper. "Unless you pee in it, of course."

Daisy laughed and paid several coins for it and the breathing gear. She then put the wetsuit on over her yellow tank top and short skintight orange shorts, and then walked towards the beach. It was a hot day so along the way she stopped and got an extra large slushie.

She reached the beach, where Peach and Rosalina were relaxing.

"Hi Daisy," said Peach.

"Hey Peach," said Daisy. "I got a new wetsuit and I'm gonna go for a swim with the dolphins."

"Have fun," said Rosalina.

Daisy dove into the water and swam around with the dolphins. The underwater sights were beautiful, and while Daisy didn't really mind getting wet, she stayed dry inside the wetsuit.

After an hour or so, she had to go to the bathroom. The slushie she drank had gone through her, and she hadn't used the bathroom since getting out of bed. If this had been a wetsuit that got wet inside, she'd just pee right here. But as it was, she swam back to the beach.

"That took a while," said Peach. "Did you have fun?"

"Yes, but I have to pee, REAL bad!" Daisy ran towards the nearest bathroom. When she arrived, she tried to unzip her wetsuit, but the zipper was stuck and wouldn't budge an inch. "Come on, I really need to pee!" Daisy pulled as hard as she could, but the zipper wouldn't move at all. She pulled so hard the zipper broke off. She let out a little squeal and nearly peed right there. With no other options, she ran to the underwater equipment shop.

"Hello again," said the shopkeeper.

"Hi," said Daisy, holding herself and pee dancing. "My wetsuit won't unzip. Can you help me?"

"Oh. I thought I got rid of all the wetsuits where the zippers get stuck, but looks like one of them still remained. What dumb luck."

"Can you unzip me?" said Daisy. "I have to go to the bathroom!"

The shopkeeper looked at her broken zipper. "If I reattached the original zipper, it still wouldn't unzip. Fortunately, I can make a new zipper that, when attached, will unzip you easily and you can use this wetsuit as easily as the other wetsuits in my shop."

"How long will that take?" asked Daisy, a pained expression on her face.

"A week."

"A week? I can't hold it that long!"

"If it makes you feel any better, it's common for people to pee in wetsuits."

Daisy walked outside. She stood and fidgeted, but what for, she had no idea. There was no way she would hold it for a day, let alone a week. But she held it as long as she could, until eventually she couldn't. Daisy peed her wetsuit, standing still and sighing of relief as the warm wetness spread through the inside of her wetsuit, soaking her shorts underneath. She couldn't deny that the relief felt amazing, and the warm wetness felt kind of nice. She remembered what the shopkeeper had said and that she didn't have to feel ashamed of peeing in her wetsuit, so she allowed herself to enjoy how this felt.

She peed for over a minute and then stopped. "Ahhh, that's better." The lower half of her wetsuit was absolutely flooded. She moved the leg hole near her foot so as to drain it out, and then made her way back to the beach.

"Did you go to the bathroom?" Rosalina asked.

"Yes," said Daisy. "But I couldn't get my wetsuit off. The zipper got stuck and broke, and won't be fixed for a week."

"So... you peed yourself?" said Peach.

"I did," said Daisy. "But it wasn't so bad. It actually felt pretty good, and I'll have to get used to it for a week."

Peach and Rosalina giggled, and they hung out on the beach as if Daisy had simply tripped and fallen over.

...

The following morning, Daisy woke up really needing to pee. She quickly remembered that she was still wearing her wetsuit, and would not be taking it off for another six days. Besides, she didn't want to get out of bed just yet. So, she peed, sighing of relief and feeling her rear end get soaked. She chuckled at what she had just done, taking pleasure in how it felt, before getting out of bed.

As the days went by, she had to pee several times, and she had no choice but to do it in her wetsuit. Not that she minded. She was sure she liked wetting herself now. She couldn't believe that she had missed out on this for so long.

...

On Day 4, as Daisy was hanging out at Peach's Castle with Peach and Rosalina, Daisy farted loudly. She would always fart without shame, and Peach and Rosalina were used to it. Her farts sounded wetter after peeing herself. But soon they got even wetter and stinkier.

"Uh-oh," said Daisy after a particularly wet fart. "Things are about to get really messy for me..."

"Well, you can't hold it for three more days," said Rosalina.

"It's not very princesslike, but just go in your wetsuit," said Peach.

"If you're sure..." Daisy grunted and pooped her wetsuit, sighing of relief. A smell worse than her farts was noticeable, and she sat down and wiggled her butt around, feeling her mess squish under her. She was sure her shorts were super soiled by now. This was kind of unpleasant, but part of it was kind of fun.

...

Finally, the week was up, and Daisy returned to the shop, where the shopkeeper attached the new zipper. Daisy unzipped her wetsuit, then zipped it up. "Thanks," she said. "I'm gonna go wash up now." She returned home and removed her wetsuit. At once a foul stench entered her nose and visible stink waves emanated from her. Since her wetsuit didn't get wet inside from outside water, she hadn't washed for a week, and had sweated a lot under her wetsuit, so she stank really bad. Especially her shorts, which were saturated with pee, which smelled strongly after not being washed since the first wetting, and were filled with poop.

She rinsed herself off in the shower, and then took a bath in her soiled shorts, spending extra time washing her tush. Once she was clean, she dried herself off. Though her wetsuit was now easy to unzip, she had a feeling she would wet it again in the future.

...

The following morning, when Daisy woke up, her pajama pants were wet. She had wet the bed. She giggled, finding it fun to wake up wet. She hoped this wasn't a one-time thing, and knew beyond all doubt that Peach and Rosalina would find this cute. She finished peeing, then got out of bed to shower and change.

