One Day

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2017-06-24 14:51

Prologue

Where is it? I swear it was around here somewhere... oh crap. I waited way too long, I should've gone at home. Of all days, of all places....oh no. I can't hold this much longer.

Part 1

9 hours.

A 9 hour shift. With no breaks. This has to be illegal. But hey, thats the thing with small businesses. There's no one to regulate this shite besides the owner and he's the mother fucker who gives out the shifts. It's not what I expected when I got the job in the convience store but hell, I need the money and upfront cash is better than anything else.

9 hours in a boiling hot store with only a fan to keep me cool. Great.

I brought myself a big 2l bottle of pepsi and some extra money incase I needed another. I love not having a uniform to wear. As long as its nothing offensive then we can wear whatever we want. I wore some grey yoga pants and a pink tight t-shirt with my blonde hair tied up into a ponytail. Warm day, best to bring some spare clothes so I slipped a black top and pair on light blue jeans. Arriving at roughly 6 in the morning, I found the heat hitting me immediatly. I know the guys cheap but he could at least get an ac unit. I start taking long sips of the water as I start moving out new stock

Potato chips, booze, dog toys? Puppy pads? Why the fuck are we selling these? After putting out a large stack of Christmas cards (Its April?!) I take my seat behind the counter and the long day begins.

The customers trickle in, hour by hour until 8 where a line begins to form. Some tourists off a bus perhaps? One of them, a small thin woman of Asian descent, nervously approaches the counter.

"Is there a bathroom I can use here?" She sounds so timid. You're like 20 something, is it that embarressing to need a piss?

"I'm sorry there's no bathroom here. Try Burger King around the corner" I mutter, monotone.

She gives me the brightest smile I've ever seen and thanks me for my help. It alleviates my bad mood until it makes me think of peeing. Shit.

This is my biggest weakness. If someone even mentions they need a pee, I start to need it as well. I feel a slight nudge of my bladder and I find myself suddenly crossing my legs. There's no customers about so I stand and walk around the store. This helps calm me down so I can just go back to sitting down and enjoying my boredom.

"God, I wish we had wifi. All I need right now is some entertainment." I think as I finish my second book of sudoko puzzles. My mouth feels dry so I reward myself with a large gulp of coke.

Refreshing. My phones buzzes. A text?

"Hey it's Tyler. Watch out for the predictable coincidence thats gonna make you need to pee more"

What? Who the fuck is Tyler?

"Excuse me do you sell pants?"

A voice, hoarse from crying, distracts me from the text. In front of me is a brown haired girl, cute as hell, with a large dark patch on the front of her jeans.

"You spill a drink? It'll dry out. It's a warm day" I question.

"Erm...no. I..." Oh. Oh, I get it now.

"We don't sell them, but I can give you my spare pair. They might be a little big but its better than what you've got on now." I pass my spare jeans to her and let her get cleaned up in the back room. A good deed a day keeps the devil away.

This was not true as my bladder began to pulse. I realized I'd drank that 2l bottle of coke. All of that liquid in my tiny bladder. There was a reason I was known as "Pee pants" throughout the entire of school. Only through preperation have I ever avoided pissing myself. It was mostly just leaks but occasionally, I'd have a puddle surrounding me and pee dripping off my shoes.

I slammed both hands into my crotch and pressed down hard. Damn. 5 hours into a 9 hour shift with no bathroom breaks and this starts happening...actually when you say it like that, this was inevitable. Why did I have to wear a gray? A small droplet of pee squeezes its way into my pink underwear and rests in the linen. This is bad. This is really bad.

For the next hour I'm forced to deal with being near dehydrated and desperate for a piss at the same time. At the end of the hour, I knew what I had to do. I drank. I had to or I'd pass out. And as I did, it came right out. As if the water going into me was pushing water out. I could feel a large spurt pushing its way through my underwear and into my yoga pants. My face burnt red with shame as a customer wandered in.

I was practically crying when he finally got to the counter. He bought himself some gum and left. Humilation? For gum? I looked down at my pants and saw what I dreaded. A large frisbee shaped wet patch was on the cushion of the chair. Using my phone, I saw my ass was covered with a dark grey, dripping wet, patch. A grown woman, 22 years old, had pissed herself. Again.

I could feel more pee at the edge of my pussy, small drops sliding out. I need a plan. My eyes scanned the store, trying to find something to help me, but I couldn't concentrate. The need was too bad. I had seconds before the dam burst when I saw it. Puppy training pads. I waddled, my hands glued to my crotch, drops of pee scattering across the ground, towards the pads. I grab a box, tore it open and as my control began to slip, I put it on the ground. I ripped my pants down and let loose onto the pad. Pee rained down onto the pad as my bladder fully emptied. I let out a moan. It was glorious, the relief. Then a customer walked in and relief quickly went to humilation.

Me, squatting over a pad, in soaked pants, pissing. Oh my god. The customer turned and left.

For the rest of the day I never left that chair. I don't care if the store stank but those pads saved my ass. Everytime I needed to pee after that, I just let it flow through my panties onto the pad I was sat on. I just gave up.

That was the day I pissed my pants. But at least I wasnt the only one...

*002*2017-06-25 19:39

{{16 hours ago, Nikeryda said:

Good story but you posted the first half twice by accident.

}}

This is why you don't try write shit at work. Where's the fuckin edit button?


