Tales of Wet Horror 2 Prologue

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-08-05 03:13

Tales of Wet Horror 2

Beware those who you have done harm.

“So I said ewww! You are repulsive and slammed the door in his face. There weren't no way he was getting a piece of this.” Eugh. The one with verbal diarrhoea talking right now is Amy. the so called “Leader” of this quartet which I'm part of. I hate her. She's arrogant, selfish and I get the feeling she doesn't particularly like any of us. I kind of want to hit her with a rake. Anyway I'm currently in the car with my “Friends” Shelly, Jessie and Amy. Shelly is the most pleasant of the group, but she's spineless. She's shorter than me and has got the whole dyed blonde hair thing going.

I'm sure no ones gonna notice the fact we can see your friggin' roots. Jessie is just annoying. She's a massive kiss ass to Amy and tries to imitate everything she does. Makes me want to bitch slap her upside the head with a tennis racket. Right now she's dyed her blonde hair brown to match Amy's. Amy is a slut by all definitions. Even if she's sat alone she'll probably try flirt with an imaginary friend. She seems to think she's the most beautiful fucking thing on the planet when in actual fact she's probably only a 6/10. It's because guys dig big boobs. I'm zoey. The best in the group because the rest of them are fucking morons.

We were all invited to some stupid diner in the middle of friggin no where. It's at some massive house in the country side and we got invited by some old school friend. Apparently she got hitched to this rich guy and now they live up in Scotland. Amy decided we were going(she probably wants to sleep with the husband) and suddenly they drag me along. At least there's gonna be booze..maybe they invited some other people. Then I could ditch these guys and-

“Hey! Zoey! You listening?”Jessie Screeched in my ear. I pushed her away.

“No. Did I miss something important?” I was driving and monologuing! How dare she interrupt me!

“We there yet?”

“Of course! Lets all get out and walk over! No. We're not or I would of said so.” People are stupid.

“No need to be an ass” Amy snapped back. She was sat in the back with Jessie. Tempted to slam on the brakes and give them whiplash. I look further up the road and see a large house up ahead. My god. It looks like THE HOME OF FRAKENSTEIN!...What was that? My head even confuses myself sometimes.

“Right. I see it.” I said to the others. I sped up a little so I could get out of this car and away from these idiots.

“Finally. I'm sick of this car and I've gotta take a piss” Amy proudly proclaimed. I hope she loses her voice so I don't have to deal with her annoying personality. As soon as we stopped the two in the back practically dived out of the car and scurried up the path to the front door.

Me and Shelly stepped out and walked up. I could at least hold a decent conversation with her.

“You looking forward to this?” I asked.

“Not really. They just dragged me along for the ride really...” She replied, looking down like it was something to be embarrassed about. Heh. Cute.

“Same. I'd rather be at home watching Buffy or something.”

“We should probably get in there. The quicker we get in, the quicker we get out right?”

“Right. Lets at least get wasted.” We both walked into the door and saw it was empty. There's no one here! Unless were early or everybody chose to turn up fashionably late then we were the only ones coming. This is just perfect.

“C'mon in girls. Were the first.” She pointed to a table in the centre of the room. It had two drinks on it. I'm guessing there was 4. The other two already had drinks in their hands. Me and Shelly picked our up. I noticed a note on the table and picked it up.

Welcome.

Help yourself to the drinks.

I'll be with you shortly.

L

I don't know who this L is but I thank him for the drinks. I quickly chug mine while Shelly is taking slow sips. We all sit down on the couches and wait for our host.

They're all here. Now my sweet sweet vengeance can begin it's formation. These four women have done me wrong and I intend to get even in the most...suiting fashion. I just have to wait until they've finished their drinks and then....then we can get started.

To be continued...

I couldn't sleep so I thought I'd get started. I'll mention a couple of things down here. This one is gonna be shorter than the first and it's gonna be a single story, mostly because I couldn't condence it down any shorter without ruining it. Either way enjoy.

