Sunset Pees Where She Wants (2021)

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2021-03-12 22:18

I know I did one with this title long ago but I don't know if I posted it here.

This one will have a few fart scenes, and a few messing scenes as well but it'll mostly be about the wetting. This is Equestria Girls, so probably better to read if you're familiar with the series.

###

Chapter 1: Peeing in Bed

Sunset woke up one morning. The first thing she noticed was that she really needed to pee. This was not surprising, she had drank quite a bit last night.

But, right now she really didn't feel like getting out of bed. She was still tired, and all cozy snuggled up in her blanket. She yawned, and turned on her side with her knees close to her head.

As she lay, she fidgeted a little, for she had to go really badly. She knew she'd have to pee soon. But she still didn't want to get up yet.

An idea occurred to her. Until defeating the Dazzlings, she would wet the bed whenever she had nightmares about her demon form. So her mattress was already stained, and her pajamas had already been peed in and washed multiple times.

Laying on her back, she hesitated, and then let go and peed in her pajamas. At first she felt exceptionally foolish and dirty knowing she was deliberately wetting herself and her bed. But as the warm wetness spread through her crotch and butt and made a big wet spot on the mattress, she felt something else. She was enjoying the warm release, not to mention the "dirty" aspect of it also felt fun. The hissing noise excited her as well, since in the past she would always be asleep when she peed. She closed her eyes and let out a moan of pleasure.

She lay in her wet pajamas soaking in her own pee for another hour before she got out of bed. She showered in her pajamas, which also felt fun, then changed into an orange tank top and purple miniskirt and went about her day.

...

Over the next few days, when she was alone, Sunset would experiment with peeing in different outfits and positions. Peeing in jeans standing up. Peeing in shorts sitting down. Skirts, underwear, a romper, fursuits... she really found it fun peeing herself in any outfit and any position.

Once she even stood on her head with her orange skirt, which fell down exposing her skintight black boyshort panties. Well, not really to anyone, as only she was in the room. She then peed upside-down, and it soaked not only her underwear, but her skirt and her orange tank top. When she finished, she got into a sitting position, sitting in her puddle and soaking wet, before she stood up and moved on to cleanup.

Chapter 2: Peeing at Camp

At first, Sunset hid her newfound activity from her friends, and would use the bathroom whenever she was with them, or otherwise hold it.

But one day, while they were camping in their Camp Everfree outfits, Sunset and Twilight were walking down a long dirt road, when Twilight had to go to the bathroom really badly. It was a hot day, after all, and she had drank more than anyone else except Rainbow Dash and Pinkie. So Twilight ran towards the outhouse, which was a fair distance away. Sunset couldn't help but look at her butt as she ran. Her butt looked so cute in these shorts, even when she was farting a lot last night. Sunset had a bit of a crush on Twilight, and as fun as she thought wetting herself was, she remembered Twilight probably didn't feel the same way so she hoped she would make it.

Twilight returned in wet shorts, and red in the face. "I didn't make it," she said sheepishly.

Part of Sunset was excited to see Twilight wet herself, but her first priority was to comfort her. "It's all right, Twilight," she said. "Accidents happen." She was also feeling a bit of a need to pee, and though it was not intense, she started wetting her shorts, sighing of relief. She was getting a sort of thrill out of deliberately peeing herself in front of someone, while still enjoying the feeling of her shorts being soaked and the pee flowing down her legs. Her primary objective was to make Twilight feel better.

Twilight stared as Sunset wet herself, and maybe it was Sunset's imagination but she could have sworn Twilight's blush grew redder.

Sunset finished peeing and sighed. "That's better."

"You didn't have to do that," said Twilight.

"I wanted to," Sunset said. "Peeing yourself's not that bad. It can actually feel pretty good. And now you're not the only one in wet shorts. We can be wet together." She blushed a little.

Twilight gave her a hug. Sunset hugged her back, and they continued their walk in their wet shorts.

When they got back to the other girls, Rainbow and Pinkie giggled a bit.

"Oh my," said Rarity.

"You all right there, sugarcubes?" Applejack asked.

"We're fine," said Twilight with a light blush but a smile. "Just really wet."

"We had a little accident in our shorts, but a little pee doesn't bother us," said Sunset, also smiling.

"That's good," said Fluttershy. Rarity and Applejack were also glad Sunset and Twilight were all right, not feeling the least bit disgusted at them, and while Rainbow and Pinkie still seemed amused, they didn't say or do anything to make them feel bad.

Of course Sunset and Twilight had to stay in their wet shorts until they dried, and that night, they slept in their tent with their sleeping bags closer to each other, in their pajamas.

"So, when you said peeing yourself can actually feel pretty good," said Twilight, "have you... um... had experience with it before?"

"Remember I told you I used to wet the bed when I had nightmares about turning into a demon?"

"Yes."

"One day, I didn't feel like getting out of bed, so I peed my pajamas, and really liked it." She blushed, for she had never told anyone how much she loved wetting herself.

"I didn't pay much attention earlier, cause I found it unpleasant and a bit embarrassing at the time, but... does it really feel that good?"

"I really enjoyed the warm wetness, with the sense of relief, and it also was kind of fun doing something 'naughty'... I'm weirding you out, aren't I?"

"Not at all," said Twilight with a smile. "I just never really thought of looking at it that way before."

...

They slept well that night, and woke up to the sound of the cock crowing.

"I have to pee," said Sunset. "But I don't want to get up yet."

"Me too," said Twilight. She tried to pee, but it wouldn't come out. There was just some sort of mental block keeping her from deliberately peeing her pants.

But then she heard a loud hissing sound emanating from Sunset's sleeping bag, and Sunset sighing of relief. A strong pee smell reached Twilight's nose. All this made Twilight leak a little. She then pushed her bladder muscles again, and this time, she peed full force in her pajamas and sleeping bag. She felt a little foolish at first, but quickly came to enjoy it. After a sigh of relief, she said "You're right, Sunset. This is really fun."

They lay in their wet pajamas and sleeping bags for about an hour before they got up and changed into their camping outfits. No one suspected they had wet their sleeping bags; their shorts already smelled like pee even though they had dried, so everyone thought the pee smell came from their wettings yesterday.

Well... Pinkie seemed to suspect, but she just smiled and said nothing.

Chapter 3: Peeing at the Beach

About a week later, the girls were relaxing on the beach, wearing their swimsuits. It was pretty hot once again, so they each drank a lot of slushies.

Until Rainbow Dash said "How about we go for a swim?"

The girls all made sounds of agreement. Sunset and Rarity removed their skirts, revealing a black bikini and skintight purple swim shorts, respectively.

Sunset had to go to the bathroom really badly from all the slushies she had drank. Twilight, Rainbow, Pinkie, Rarity, and Applejack had all used the beach bathrooms at least once where Sunset had held it. Now that she was about to go into the water, Sunset had the perfect excuse to do something a little naughty.

Sssssssss...

"Ahhhhh..."

The other girls stared at Sunset as she peed her swimsuit. Twilight blushed lightly but giggled, knowing Sunset was enjoying herself more than the others would know. Pinkie and Rainbow also giggled quietly.

Sunset's heart was beating a little fast at peeing herself in front of all her friends instead of just Twilight. It wasn't like none of them had seen her in wet pajamas or shorts before, but them seeing her deliberately wetting and enjoying it felt... exciting.

As the pee flowed down her legs and soaked the sand where she stood, Applejack said "Hoo, nelly! You really needed to go!"

After about two minutes, she finished peeing and sighed of relief.

"Are you all right, darling?" Rarity asked.

"I'm fine," said Sunset. "Swimsuits are meant to get wet, so what's a little pee?"

"You really looked like you were enjoying yourself there," said Pinkie.

Sunset blushed.

"Not that I blame you," continued Pinkie. "Peeing your swimsuit's really fun!" Pinkie started peeing and sighed of relief as her swimsuit became soaked and pee flowed down her legs. "Ahhhhh..."

Everyone laughed, then they went for a swim.

Fluttershy swam up to Sunset. "You really like peeing your swimsuit, don't you?"

Sunset blushed a little. "Yes. It feels so warm and wet and... I don't know how to describe it."

"You don't have to." Fluttershy also blushed. "You don't know how many times I peed in my wetsuit when no one was looking. It just feels so nice, plus then I don't have to make a fuss about using the bathroom. I know I'm wetting my shorts underneath but I'm going to get them wet anyway under the wetsuit, so..."

"So you like how it feels too?"

"Yes. It's still a little embarrassing when I get really scared and pee in my dress or shorts, but when no one else can tell... I'm such a dirty girl."

"Don't feel bad. I love it too, and so do Pinkie and Twilight. And even if you messed yourself, we'd still love you."

Fluttershy smiled. Sunset could feel the water around her getting warmer. Fluttershy blushed lightly but giggled.

Chapter 4: Peeing in the Car

A few days later, Sunset woke up to the sound of her alarm. Today was another one of those days she didn't feel like getting out of bed. She had just started peeing when she suddenly remembered: She had plans today. The girls were all going on a roadtrip to see a horse race.

Sunset sat up in bed, still peeing. The hissing sound was loud as ever and her butt was getting soaked. She was wide awake now, but at the moment all she could do was finish peeing. Then, she let out a wet fart, got out of bed, took a really fast shower in her wet pajamas, then changed into her Sunset's Backstage Pass outfit. She made a big pot of coffee and drank the whole thing with breakfast.

She had plenty of time to spare before Twilight arrived at her door. She did not use the bathroom before getting into the front seat of Twilight's van. The other girls were already in the back.

"Who's ready to see an awesome horse race?" Rainbow Dash asked.

The girls all made sounds of agreement and excitement, and they hit the road.

"Phew, sure is toasty in here," said Applejack.

"Good thing I'm wearing my old dress," said Rarity. "I don't mind it getting sweaty as much."

"Hold on, I'll get us a cold drink," said Twilight.

They stopped at a convenience store, where they each got an extra large slushy, and drank them inside the van as they continued on their road.

They hit a bit of traffic going out of the city, for it was a busy Saturday. As a result, it took them twenty minutes to hit the highway out of the city, by which time the van's air conditioning had cooled it down completely.

And, about ten minutes later, Sunset had to pee from the large slushy she drank, not to mention her coffee. She crossed her legs and fidgeted. She would have a harder time finding an excuse for peeing her pants than her swimsuit, and plus, if she let it all out now, she'd be peeing all over the seat of Twilight's van.

The other girls were feeling the need to pee as well. Twilight was looking uncomfortable. Fluttershy was fidgeting slightly trying not to look desperate. Rarity was fidgeting a little harder and crossing her legs. Rainbow Dash and Applejack were squirming hard, holding themselves. Pinkie was fidgeting the hardest, constantly saying things like "I really have to pee!" or "I gotta go potty!"

The next sign they drove by, Twilight took a look at it. "Another half hour until the nearest gas station," she said.

The girls all moaned in discomfort.

Sunset crossed her legs tight with a pained expression on her face.

"You have to go even worse than I do, don't you?" Twilight quietly said to Sunset.

Sunset nodded.

"Then just go," said Twilight. "You're the only one who sits in this seat anyway. We've all seen you wet yourself, so why suffer?"

At that moment, Sunset no longer cared if her friends saw her deliberately wet herself. She stopped trying to hold it, uncrossed her legs, and peed, sighing of relief as her stream gradually grew stronger. Her crotch and butt became soaked and she was absolutely flooding her seat. As she wet her pants, she took pleasure in the warm, wet feeling, the sense of relief, and the "dirty" feeling of what she was doing. She closed her eyes and let out another sigh, with a look of absolute pleasure on her face.

"Hey Pinkie," said Rainbow Dash. "Sunset's peeing like a race horse."

Pinkie laughed. They were on their way to see some horse races, after all. She laughed and kicked her legs until she wet her skintight blue romper. "Oopsie!" She giggled, still peeing.

But most of the attention was on Sunset, who could not hide the enjoyment she got out of peeing herself. She put both her hands on her crotch, feeling how wet her pants were as her stream soaked her hands, then lifted them up to her face, sniffed her pee, and sighed again.

"She sounds like she's having fun," said Fluttershy with a giggle, before she went back to holding her pee.

"She sure is blastin' a power stream into them pants," said Applejack.

Sunset peed for over two minutes, and when she was done, she sat there in sopping wet pants, having absolutely enjoyed it.

"I had no idea you loved going to the bathroom on yourself that much," said Rarity.

Sunset blushed lightly. "I started before that time Twilight and I wet our shorts at the camping trip. I was laying in bed and didn't want to get up, so I wet my pajamas, and found I really liked it. I hope you're not disgusted by this."

"It may be unladylike, but as long as you put protection on anywhere you sit that isn't Twilight's van or your house, and don't pee in the tub or pool with us, I don't mind," said Rarity.

"I don't mind you peeing in the tub with me," said Rainbow Dash. "I pee my swimsuit sometimes too."

"I don't mind either," said Fluttershy. "I... kind of like the way the water gets warmer..."

"Pee in the water with me all you want!" said Pinkie.

"I've had mud wrestlin' contests with Rainbow Dash in mud that pigs have been doin' their business in," said Applejack.

"I'm pretty sure they weren't the only ones when I tickled you," said Rainbow Dash.

"I certainly don't mind." Twilight blushed. She and Sunset had slept in the same bed and peed all over each other in their pajamas multiple times, and liked it.

"So, I can pee in the same water as any of you except Rarity," said Sunset. "Got it."

Twilight, Rainbow Dash, Fluttershy, Rarity, and Applejack held it until they got to the gas station. Fluttershy, Applejack, Rainbow Dash, and Twilight got out of the van.

"Aren't you comin' too, Rarity?" Applejack asked.

"Heavens, no," said Rarity. "Public bathrooms don't seem... very clean. I'd rather go in my dress if it came down to it."

"Suit yourself," said Applejack.

Once Twilight, Rainbow, Fluttershy, and Applejack returned to the van with empty bladders and dry underwear, they resumed the drive. Rarity lasted another half hour before she peed in her dress. She was a little embarrassed, but got over it, and told Sunset she could pee in the pool with her if she wanted, as long as she didn't soil herself.

Chapter 5: Peeing in the Snow

One winter day, Sunset and Twilight were playing in the snow, in Twilight's backyard. Both were wearing their winter outfits from Holidays Unwrapped. Sunset was wearing jeans under her dark purplish blue snowpants.

First, they made a snowman, then Sunset showed Twilight how to many a snow pony.

"That was really fun," said Twilight. "What should we do now?"

"How about we make a snow fort?"

"Sounds good."

As they were making the snow fort, Sunset was feeling an urge to pee, but ignored it for now. She wanted to pee when she was not too focused on something else.

When they finished making the snow fort, Sunset said "What now?"

"Snowball fight!" Twilight picked up a snowball and threw it at Sunset. It hit her arm.

With a big smile on her face, Sunset picked up a snowball and threw it at Twilight. It missed.

They ran around throwing snowballs at each other for a while. Then, when Twilight was bent over to pick up another snowball, Sunset threw a snowball directly at her butt. It knocked Twilight face-first in the snow. Twilight got up, shook the snow out of her hair, and threw a snowball at Sunset. It hit her in the face and knocked her on her butt.

"Are you all right?" Twilight asked, walking over to Sunset.

"I'm fine," said Sunset. Sitting in the snow with her legs spread, Sunset peed in her snowpants, and sighed of relief. She enjoyed the warm wetness spreading through her jeans, soaking the inside of her snowpants. As with all the other times she had wet her snowpants this winter, she liked how it didn't show wetness. It was fun enough peeing in something that did show wetness, but there was just something fun about peeing in something that didn't. She could walk by a hundred people on the sidewalk and they'd never know her lower half was soaked in pee.

Twilight could easily hear the hissing noise coming from her, sounding louder in snowpants and jeans than a lot of the other outfits she wet, and she could also see steam coming up from her snowpants. This really excited her. She wasn't sure if it was because of the scientifics of it or just because of a fairly new sign that Sunset was wetting herself.

Sunset also really enjoyed the sight of the steam. Once again it gave her a feeling of naughtiness that she was going to the bathroom on herself. She was so excited at this that her stream grew stronger.

When Sunset finished peeing, she said "Ah, that's better."

Twilight held out her hand to help Sunset up. Once Sunset stood up, Twilight slapped her butt playfully. "You really love peeing your snowpants, don't you?"

"Mm-hmm." Sunset giggled.

They resumed their snowball fight, and when they got tired of it, they sat in their snow fort and rested.

"This was really fun," said Sunset.

"It sure was," said Twilight. She then started peeing in her dark purple leggings under her skirt.

"Having fun making yellow snow?" Sunset asked.

"Mm-hmm." Twilight giggled. She was not yet at the point where she would deliberately wet herself in front of anyone except Sunset, but she still found wetting to be fun, and would often do so when she and Sunset were alone together.

They sat in the snow fort for about fifteen minutes before they got out, went inside for a cup of tea and hot chocolate, and then went back outside.

They cuddled together in their snow fort, before falling asleep. They woke up an hour later. Sunset really had to pee, but she decided she'd wait until a little later.

"I have a fun idea on what we can do next," said Sunset.

"Ooh, what is it?"

"Come out with me and I'll tell you."

They walked outside of the snow fort, and then Sunset picked up Twilight and threw her into the deep snow. Twilight landed face-first in it. She tried to get out, and peed herself again. Sunset grabbed Twilight's feet and pulled her out of the snow.

"Did you have fun?" Sunset asked.

"You bet I did!" said Twilight. "Your turn!"

Twilight picked up Sunset, carrying her with one hand on her back and the other behind her knees. As Twilight searched for a spot to throw Sunset, she could hear a loud hissing noise emanating from her. She looked at Sunset's crotch, and sure enough, steam was rising up from her snowpants, and Sunset had a look of relief and pleasure on her face.

"Aren't you a wet girl?" Twilight said with a smile. "We should really get you potty trained one of these days."

Sunset giggled. She liked it when Twilight said these things. It made her feel even dirtier.

Once Sunset finished peeing, Twilight threw her butt-first into the snow. After Twilight helped Sunset up, she put her over her shoulder, with her butt next to her head. Twilight patted Sunset's butt lightly. It felt so warm, and Twilight knew exactly why this was. She giggled and carried Sunset over to the snow fort. When they were almost there, Sunset farted loudly. Twilight giggled and patted Sunset's butt again. "Excuse you, Miss Potty Pants!" She then set her down in sitting position.

"That was really fun," said Sunset. "And now I don't have to go to the bathroom anymore."

They spent hours playing in the snow, going inside only to have a hot drink. Whenever either of them needed to go, she went in her pants.

Eventually, they had supper and watched a movie, during which they drank a lot and wet their pants multiple times. They then changed into their pajamas and climbed into bed, eagerly anticipating a very wet morning.

Chapter 6: Peeing on the Couch

One night, the girls were all having a sleepover at Rainbow's house. Sunset had not yet changed into her pajamas, and was wearing a black T-shirt and short, tight jean shorts.

"Want to watch the new Daring Do movie?" Rainbow Dash asked.

The girls all made sounds of agreement. Before picking out the movie, Rainbow got Sunset a garbage bag and a towel.

"Better make that two towels," Sunset said with a smile.

After getting her a second towel, Rainbow got the movie and put it in while Sunset picked out a spot on a couch, set the garbage bag on it, then placed both towels on it and sat down. She knew precisely what they were for and she intended to make use of it. She had already drank a lot of cider earlier.

About halfway through the movie, which Sunset was really enjoying, she needed to pee. She waited until she really needed to go, then unabashedly let go. The sound of her stream spraying denim could easily be heard as her shorts darkened rapidly and the towels she was sitting on became soaked, and she sighed of relief and pleasure.

All the girls turned toward Sunset and smiled. Pinkie, Rainbow, and Fluttershy giggled. They were all glad she was having fun, even if what she was doing was considered dirty and unladylike.

Sunset wasn't the least bit ashamed that she was peeing her shorts in front of all her friends. She was thoroughly enjoying herself, and she knew they didn't mind.

Twilight was blushing lightly, as she loved the sight of Sunset wetting herself in any outfit. An idea occurred to her, of something she really liked to do with Sunset when they were hanging out and having some wet fun. She whispered into Rainbow and Pinkie's ears. Both of them smiled.

"Hey, Sunset, next time you have to go to the bathroom, let me and Pinkie know," said Rainbow.

"Sure," said Sunset. She was confident they'd have something fun in store for her.

After the movie ended, they stood up, got some drinks and snacks, and talked some more. Sunset's shorts were wet and smelled of pee. Occasionally their conversation shifted in the direction of wettings, which even Rarity found to be a fun subject, though she still wouldn't wet herself unless she was far from a house bathroom and was sure she wouldn't make it. However, there were times the other girls were sure she peed in the water with them. She would just blush and giggle, though farting in the tub was still a lot more embarrassing for her.

Eventually, the urge to pee returned. Sunset was about to sit back on her wet towel and pee again when she remembered what Rainbow said, and walked over to her and Pinkie. "I have to go to the bathroom again," she said, holding herself.

Rainbow and Pinkie walked on either side of Sunset and started tickling her armpits and sides. Sunset started laughing hard, and before she knew it she was peeing herself uncontrollably. Her shorts became soaked again and the pee flowed down her legs in torrents and formed a large puddle where she stood. Sunset was really enjoying this, and kept laughing as she peed.

Rainbow and Pinkie stopped tickling her ten seconds after she finished peeing. "Did you like that?" Pinkie asked.

"I loved it," Sunset said when she caught her breath. She felt her wet shorts, sighed of pleasure, and sat in her puddle.

Twilight loved the sight of this as well.

"Twilight does that to me sometimes," said Sunset. "It's just as fun as peeing voluntarily."

"I thought you two might enjoy tickling her into urination," said Twilight. "Plus I get a good view of it this time."

"We sure did," said Rainbow Dash. And why shouldn't they? They thought it was funny to see someone pee herself and they knew Sunset liked it.

"I take it you don't mind me peeing all over your floor," said Sunset.

"I don't mind cleaning it up if we can get some fun for both us and you."

Sunset let out a sputtering wet fart in her puddle.

"Sunset!" said Rarity while Rainbow and Pinkie laughed and Twilight blushed.

"Excuse me," said Sunset.

"Like you're one to talk, Miss Bubbles in the Tub," said Rainbow Dash.

Rarity blushed. "Oh, it's quite all right, Sunset. If I can put up with Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie breaking wind..."

Rainbow and Pinkie giggled, and so did Rarity. She hadn't been super-offended, it was her natural response whenever she heard someone fart. She did at least like to keep up something of a ladylike image despite how often she would wet herself and fart in the tub.

When Sunset stood up, Rainbow cleaned up the puddle and they got on with the sleepover.

Sunset stayed in her wet shorts until it was time to go to bed. She changed into her pajamas and climbed into her sleeping bag.

...

"Sunrise and shine!" said Pinkie.

Sunset woke up. It was morning. She looked around. The other girls were all awake and dressed for the day.

"Did you have a nice sleep, darling?" Rarity asked.

"Yes," said Sunset. "I dreamed that I was looking for a bathroom, even though normally I'd go in my pants, but there was always someone around or the stall or toilet was missing. I guess when I have those dreams I still get in the mindset to avoid wetting myself, but I find it fun now. Although, when I did find a toilet, I remembered, and peed through my pants into the toilet, so much that the toilet overflowed. Then I woke up."

"Did you wet your sleeping bag?" Applejack asked.

"No, but I still have to go to the bathroom really badly."

"You can go right there if you want," Twilight said.

Sunset smiled.

Ssssssss...

"Ahhhhhhh..."

The other girls giggled, and Sunset knew they meant nothing by it. Once again she felt absolutely no shame, only pleasure.

She stayed in her wet sleeping bag for a little over ten minutes before she got up and changed into her damp shorts, which still smelled of pee.

THE END (for now)

*002*2021-03-13 00:24

{{36 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a very enjoyable read of a fantasmic story

}}

Thanks. I knew you'd be the first (and probably only) to comment on it and that you'd enjoy it. I've fantasized about the concept for a while but never got around to making it into a story until now. I wasn't sure I originally intended to have the other girls wet themselves at any point but couldn't resist.

*005*2021-03-17 19:27

New chapters!

Chapter 7: Peeing in the Tub

For this chapter, Sunset will be wearing a black T-shirt and jean shorts, Twilight will be wearing her Legend of Everfree outfit, Rarity, Fluttershy, and Rainbow Dash will each be wearing short skintight spandex shorts and a matching sports bra (purple for Rarity, green for Fluttershy, and blue for Rainbow Dash), Applejack will be wearing her Street Chic outfit (a white tank top and jean shorts), and Pinkie will be wearing a white and pink T-shirt and short tight jean shorts.

...

The girls finished rinsing themselves off with the hose after having a food fight in Pinkie's backyard. Minutes earlier they had been absolutely covered in all kinds of frosting, syrup, ice cream, whip cream, sprinkles, and pudding. Pinkie had been in the middle of licking all of it off herself when Rainbow Dash sprayed her with the hose.

"I sure am thirsty," said Rarity.

"Me too," said Sunset, while the other girls made sounds of agreement.

"Sodas all around!" said Pinkie, bringing out seven big bottles of soda.

They each picked out their favorite soda and opened them. Immediately the soda exploded out of the bottle, splashing their front halves.

"Gotchya!" said Pinkie, who was equally dripping in soda as she had shaken her own soda just as much.

The girls all laughed, and drank their sodas in under a minute.

"Now what?" Sunset asked.

"How about a bathtub party in my party-sized bathtub?" Pinkie suggested excitedly.

The girls all made sounds of agreement again, and Pinkie led them into her bathtub. She filled the tub with warm water and they all climbed in, still in their wet outfits they had worn for the food fight.

The girls all relaxed, thoroughly enjoying this, and then made casual conversation.

Until Sunset had to go to the bathroom. She held it for a while until she really needed to go. She had just drank a whole bottle of soda, after all.

As Sunset sighed of relief, Twilight, who was sitting right next to her, felt the water around her grow warmer. She giggled, realizing Sunset was peeing in the tub. Twilight also peed, trying to hide her signs of relief.

"Sunset's peeing in the tub!" said Pinkie. "I might as well do the same thing, cause I REALLY gotta go!" She sighed in relief as she peed in the water.

Rainbow Dash chuckled. "I also have to pee like a race horse." She then sighed in relief.

Fluttershy felt the water around Rainbow Dash grow warmer, and blushed lightly as she also peed.

"Ahhhh," Applejack sighed as she peed in the tub as well.

"I suppose there's no reason for me to hold back," said Rarity. She also peed and sighed of relief. In the middle of peeing, bubbles appeared in the water around her. She blushed and giggled nervously.

"Excuse you, Rarity," said Applejack with a smile.

By the time the girls were done peeing, the water was yellow and smelled strongly of pee. The girls relaxed in the tub and soaked in their own pee for an hour before rinsing themselves off with the hose again and letting the sun dry them.

Chapter 8: Wetting at a Wedding

This chapter contains a non-descriptive messing as well, but not from Sunset.

Sunset was sitting on her couch playing one of her favorite games. A large empty slushy can was sitting on the table next to her. In the middle of playing the game she had to go to the bathroom. So she just peed in her jeans and kept playing her game.

A few minutes later she received a text from Rarity. She paused the game to look at it. It said "Dress is ready."

So, as soon as she finished the round, she shut the game off and immediately headed to Rarity's house in her wet pants.

Rarity answered the door. "Hello, Sunset."

"Hey Rarity."

"Are you ready to see your new dress?"

"Yes."

Rarity led Sunset into her sewing room. She and Applejack were getting married. Applejack had persuaded her to let her wear a pair of jeans at the wedding, but she insisted on making dresses for all her friends during the wedding.

It was a white dress, very pretty yet relatively plain compared to a wedding dress. It was sleeveless and went down to her knees.

"It's beautiful," said Sunset. "Thanks, Rarity."

"It was my pleasure," said Rarity. "And just so you know, I specifically designed it so that any stains can easily be washed out." She winked.

"That's good to know," Sunset said with a smile.

...

At the wedding, which was just outside Canterlot High, the girls all sat on foldable chairs. Sunset, Twilight, Rainbow Dash, Fluttershy, and Pinkie Pie sat in front, each wearing the dresses Rarity had made for them. Sunset had brought her own foldable chair.

Rarity was wearing a fancy wedding dress, and Applejack was wearing a pair of tight jeans. After they said their I do's and kissed, the party began. Applejack had brought several barrels of cider, and Sunset drank several cups of it - there was plenty to go around!

Some time later, the girls were all sitting around a table. Sunset was once again sitting on her own foldable chair.

"So, where are you going for your honeymoon?" Twilight asked.

"Manehattan," said Rarity. "And Applejack is going to teach me how to ride a horse."

"She won't enter no rodeos though," said Applejack.

"That's a surprise," said Rainbow Dash.

Applejack stood up. "I gotta go to the bathroom," she said, and she ran off towards the outhouse. Rarity followed.

"I have to go to the bathroom too," said Sunset, for all her drinks had now hit her. She sighed of relief as she peed in her dress, turning the lower front and back yellow while soaking her skintight black boyshort panties and flooding her chair.

Twilight giggled, blushing lightly.

Sunset had just finished peeing when Rarity and Applejack returned.

"Applejack didn't make it to the bathroom in time and soiled her jeans," said Rarity. "I'm going to take her home and change her underwear."

"It's all right, Rares," said Applejack unabashedly. "I can stay like this for the rest of the party."

"If you insist." She kissed her lightly on the cheek. "I love you no matter how you smell, or how messy your pants are."

Rainbow Dash sniffed. "My farts smell WAY worse," she said with a smile. She let out a loud, deep-pitched fart in her knee-length dark blue dress.

Applejack sniffed. "You got that right," she said, fanning the air while the other girls giggled.

They continued their party, until...

"I gotta pee somethin' fierce," said Applejack.

"Then just go in your pants," said Rarity. "They're already soiled, and I went in my wedding dress when I needed to go." She blushed lightly and giggled.

Applejack also chuckled and wet her pants, sighing of relief.

"It feels good, doesn't it?" said Sunset.

*008*2021-03-18 04:19

{{3 minutes ago, L0RDZER0 said:

Please more. And descript messing too.

}}

I did have another chapter in mind of Sunset sitting on Twilight's butt and both of them wetting themselves and just engaging in the kind of kinky fun I like to fantasize about. And was thinking of Twilight messing herself. I assume you'd be interested?

*010*2021-03-18 07:13

{{1 hour ago, L0RDZER0 said:

Yes very much so!

}}

Not sure when I'll get at it but I can say I'm a little more motivated now.

*012*2021-03-18 20:38

{{3 minutes ago, trekkie said:

If I were you I'd make a different thread for anything more sexual, though it may just be me who prefers that stuff to be separated.

Anyway, I've enjoyed your edits over at Derpi and am loving this story so far. I've always wanted to see a full story come of your ideas, and I'm sure I'm not the only one who's been looking forward to it. It'll be great to see more.

Though far be it from me to tell you what to do, and I try not to be one of those people who's always throwing requests at a writer or artist... what if Sunset by this point has gotten so used to peeing herself the moment she wakes up that she's started wetting the bed naturally again, since she was already prone to it during nightmares? She starts waking up soaked instead of needing to go at all, more and more often, and of course decides on a solution to the problem: if she drinks a LOT of water before bed, she'll still have enough in her to enjoy her morning pee no matter how much she already wet in her sleep!

There could be more scenes with people being surprised at how unabashed she is, when around people who don't know she enjoys it. Goes to a hotel, talks about needing bed protection because she wets nightly and heavily, says it as casually and loudly as anything other mundane need you might mention, naturally totally unfazed by any reaction she might get.

Or, a routine medical checkup reveals her bladder has become damaged from all that holding and she'll never be able to hold as long as most people and will have times when she doesn't realize she needs to go until it's almost too late; unplanned wettings like the one she totally had as she came into the building and her sudden need escalated too quickly for her to even cross the waiting room and go down a short hall are something that's going to occasionally happen for the rest of her life. Naturally, her being perfectly satisfied with this and having even less concern that if she'd been told she had a mild cold that'd probably be gone by the weekend surprises her doctor, who's telling her over and over in different ways as if she didn't understand. Surely anyone who just peed herself on the way into the office and is now hearing this never ends would be shocked or asked for a second opinion or if there was anything to be done about it and not just go "cool, anything else?" Right?

}}

Actually, there wouldn't be actual sex, I'm not really into that or nudity. Just peeing on each other through their shorts, pants, or panties. I might occasionally mention arousal non-descriptively but that'll be as far as I'll go.

I'm glad you're enjoying my stories, and I've written a lot more on fimfiction.net. I did a full story about Sunset wetting the bed as well.

That does sound like a good idea and I have been thinking about something along the lines of her wetting the bed again or maybe becoming potty untrained in general. Also I hope you liked the touch in the previous chapter where Rarity didn't even react to her wet pants, as if she was used to it by now.

*014*2021-03-18 23:33

{{2 hours ago, trekkie said:

Some stuff I tried to edit into the previous post but didn't get to fast enough, if I haven't been long-winded enough yet:

With AJ's accident, if you want to do messing I don't think you have to leave out description, so long as people are told which chapters have it. (I figure anyone who would be opposed to messing would also be opposed to farting and there's enough of that mixed in with the wetting and nobody seems to be complaining.)

The best candidate for it: Pinkie probably loves foods that don't love her back, and thinks nothing of what they'll do to her stomach this side of nobody batting an eye at AJ messing herself at her wedding. When it hits her all at once, I bet she giggles as she uncontrollably turns her white pants brown.

Also, the entire cast doesn't have to come to love wetting just as much as Sunset, but they probably do become so chill about it that pranking each other into having accidents becomes a pastime among them. Even Rarity would rather wet herself than use a public bathroom, so I'm sure there's at least been once instance of "I'd rather go in my clothes than in there."

"Well, if that's how you feel...!" [cue the tickle assault]

But, I'll have to check out your Fimfiction work! What name is it under?

And while Rarity didn't mention Sunset's wetting, I'd figured it was just low on the priority list (she and AJ just got married, and AJ just had a messy accident) of the things that were going on at the moment, heh.

}}

Messing and farts - I was a bit iffy about putting farts in, I'll admit, but I did kind of limit it to one fart per chapter, aside from mention of past instances. (I just couldn't resist, it's another of my fetishes) Less people are also opposed to farting than messing but as long as I don't get super-descriptive with the messing it can be overlooked. Some of my other stories can get a bit heavier on the messing.

Pinkie - Sounds like fun. (I really love her jean shorts and love her going to the bathroom in them in any way)

Fourth paragraph - Sounds about right, pretty much what I had in mind. So far the only one who really loves wetting as much as Sunset is Twilight, though Pinkie can also find it fun, but I am kind of going in a "don't really mind" direction with it, and the Rarity thing sounds pretty fun.

I'm also The Dark Wolf on fimfiction. Stories will be tagged correctly so you'll know what's where. Though "The Desperation Requests" and "The Scat Requests" don't involve wetting or messing, as they were written by request. Also I'm really not proud of "The Fetish Sirens", "Rainbow and Rarity's Embarrassing Day", and "Extreme Vengeful Sirens", they're definitely not some of my best work. My first story "The Pony Pee Chronicles" also isn't great at first but I improved in later chapters and more stories after it.

"The Adventures of Smelly Rainbow Dash" and its prequel "Rainbow's First Date" I do consider some of my finest work, the former being several chapters long and full of farts and wetting and smelling really bad. I do have lots of fetish stories on there, and if you didn't know of my fimfiction account before... if you liked my Sunset story here I'd say you struck gold. (Even though a lot of other users there expect fancy novel quality and think my stories are poor quality, but you're clearly not one of them)

I meant her wetting before, when she was showing her her dress, and Sunset showed up to the door in wet jeans and Rarity acted like nothing unusual was going on. Plus in addition to everything else, she clearly shows she expected Sunset to pee in her dress.

*016*2021-03-19 00:56

In the meantime, here's the "fun with Twilight" chapter. Next will be the potty untraining chapter that will include Pinkie messing herself really bad and Applejack tickling Rarity into wetting herself when she's far from a bathroom she's comfortable using. Not sure when I'll write it though.

Chapter 9: Peeing on Twilight

Sunset and Twilight sat at the table and drank one soda after another. They were spending the night at Twilight's house. Twilight was wearing her Legend of Everfree outfit, which she found the most fun to pee in, and Sunset was wearing a white T-shirt with pinkish purple sleeves, and skintight black shorts that went halfway to her knees, which Twilight thought made her butt look really cute.

They each finished drinking their twelfth can of soda, from a box of 24 that they had gotten specifically for tonight.

"That was delicious," said Sunset.

"It sure was," said Twilight. BUUUUUUURP! She blushed lightly and giggled.

Sunset chuckled and let out a loud belch of her own, which was longer and deeper-pitched than Twilight's.

"What shall we do while we wait?" Twilight asked.

Sunset smiled. "I need a better seat than this chair."

Twilight also smiled and lay facedown on the floor. She slapped her butt playfully.

Sunset sat on Twilight's butt. Both of them really enjoyed this. As the minutes went by, they talked about stuff to pass the time, and made plans for another camping trip that would involve staying in their pajamas and not washing for a week, not to mention peeing in them all the time.

During their conversation, Sunset farted loudly. "Excuse me," she said.

"I don't mind," said Twilight. She sniffed. "That really stinks, though."

About a half hour in, all their soda hit them and they really had to pee. Sunset fidgeted where she sat.

"Can you get up?" Twilight asked. "I have to go to the bathroom."

Sunset knew she was just roleplaying. "You'll just have to hold it," she said.

Twilight giggled. She enjoyed the feeling of Sunset's butt rubbing against her own tush as she fidgeted, and she was also enjoying being desperate to pee knowing how it would end.

As the minutes went by, their need to pee grew even more intense. Sunset fidgeted harder, while Twilight was unable to do much.

"I REALLY have to go!" said Twilight. "If you don't get off me now, I'm gonna wet my shorts!"

"Then either hold it or go in your shorts."

Twilight smiled.

An hour after they started holding...

"I can't hold it much longer!" said Twilight.

Sunset was also in desperate need of a bathroom. Relatively speaking, for she had no intention of using the toilet, and neither, she knew, did Twilight. Sunset stopped holding and peed full force in her shorts, sighing of relief. As much as she loved holding, she loved that warm, wet feeling and the sense of relief even more. She was a hardcore wetter and she was proud of it.

In seconds, Sunset's pee soaked both her butt and Twilight's. Twilight sighed of pleasure at the warm, wet feeling of Sunset peeing on her. As the butt of her shorts became soaked with Sunset's pee, the front of her shorts became soaked with her own. Twilight would have let go, but between how desperately she needed to pee and the warm wetness from Sunset, not to mention the hissing sound emanating from her, Twilight couldn't hold it any longer and was peeing involuntarily. Either way she still really liked it.

As both Sunset and Twilight peed in their shorts, a large puddle rapidly grew under them. As Twilight was laying facedown, the entire front half of her outfit and her legs were becoming soaked.

"Having fun?" Sunset asked Twilight.

"Mm-hmm," Twilight replied with a big smile on her face.

They peed for over two minutes. As soon as they were done, Sunset got off Twilight's butt and lay facedown in the puddle beside Twilight. "Being wet is so much fun."

"It sure is," said Twilight. "Especially when it's with pee."

"So, what now?"

"Now you need a spanking for peeing on me."

Sunset smiled. Twilight got into a sitting position in the center of the big puddle. Sunset stopped to sit back in the puddle and wiggle her butt around in it, making sure her shorts were saturated, before she climbed over Twilight's knee.

Twilight raised her hand and slapped Sunset's butt, over and over. With each swat, droplets of pee flew from her rear end. Twilight really enjoyed the sight of this, and how Sunset's butt felt when she slapped it, not to the mention the sight of her behind in those wet, skintight shorts.

Sunset took just as much pleasure in being spanked, especially in pee-soaked shorts. It excited her to no end. They had done this a lot in the past. Sometimes Twilight would spank Sunset when she really needed to pee, resulting in Sunset peeing herself all over Twilight, which they both really enjoyed. She had done this in pajamas, jean shorts, even just panties, some of which was with her skirt lifted.

After thirty swats, Twilight stopped. "Have you learned your lesson, Sunny?"

"Yes," she said. "I've been such a naughty girl."

"Then you shall receive a butt massage." Twilight started rubbing Sunset's butt with both hands. Both of them enjoyed this every bit as much as the spanking. More so in that Sunset's shorts were soaked with pee.

After about five minutes, Sunset said "That's good."

Twilight stopped and patted Sunset's soaking wet rear end. "How about we watch some TV now?"

"Sounds good."

They sat on the couch, which Twilight had put protection on before Sunset even got there, and watched one of their favorite shows.

About ten minutes in, Twilight let out a series of wet farts, stinking up her shorts. She and Sunset giggled. Over the next few minutes, her farts grew wetter and stinkier.

"Phew," said Sunset after a particularly dirty wet fart. "You really need the bathroom."

"I'm all right," said Twilight. She let out a short, wet fart, then, a longer fart that turned very wet early in. Her eyes went wide as she pooped her shorts. It was hyperscat, so a lot came out at once and made a big mess that smelled twice as bad as her farts.

"I told you," said Sunset.

Twilight blushed lightly but giggled. It was a little unpleasant, but nothing to be ashamed of when both she and Sunset loved peeing themselves.

"Are you all right, Twi?"

"I'm fine. I just have really messy shorts." She let out a sloppy wet fart and soiled herself a little more.

"Would you like a bath?"

"That would be great."

They stood up. First Twilight waddled to the bathroom and got as much of the mess out of her shorts and into the toilet as she could. Then Sunset filled the bathtub with warm, soapy water. Twilight removed her glasses and climbed into the tub, still in her soiled shorts. She and Sunset loved giving each other baths this way.

Sunset poured some water over Twilight's head and lathered her hair with shampoo. Then she poured some liquid soap onto her hands and scrubbed Twilight's back and sides.

Once Twilight's top half was covered in suds, Sunset said "Now, to wash your dirty rear end."

Twilight assumed a position with her butt as far in the air as it would go. Sunset poured a large dollop of soap onto Twilight's butt and scrubbed it as hard as she could with both hands. Both she and Twilight took immense pleasure in this.

It took fifteen minutes to get the stain and the smell out of Twilight's shorts. Not that either of them minded. Twilight suspected there would still be a stain on her underwear but she didn't mind.

"All done," said Sunset.

"You know," said Twilight, "you really need to be washed too. You smell like pee."

"I bet I do," said Sunset. "You can wash me in just a minute. I have to go to the bathroom first." She sat on the toilet with her shorts still up and peed, sighing of relief.

Twilight giggled. "Aren't you a little piddle pants," she said.

When Sunset was done peeing, she climbed into the tub, still in her wet shorts. Twilight washed her hair and her top half the same way that Sunset had done to her. Then she spent fifteen minutes scrubbing her butt with soap, coating it in suds. Even though Sunset hadn't messed herself, Twilight really enjoyed rubbing Sunset's tush, and she knew Sunset enjoyed this as well.

Once they were done, Sunset and Twilight sat in the tub next to each other.

"I already can't wait until the bath we're going to give each other after our camping trip," said Twilight.

"Me neither," said Sunset. "And even before that, peeing ourselves and not washing or changing out of our pajamas for a week is going to be fun."

"We can probably hold on the messing."

"I agree. It's unpleasant. At least you were able to get the stain out of my jean shorts, just as I got the stain out of yours." Sunset farted in the tub, and she and Twilight giggled.

...

Once they got out of the tub, they dried off and changed into their pajamas. Together they mopped up their puddle, and, after drinking a large soda each, climbed into bed.

Sunset woke up first, really needing to pee. She looked beside her. Twilight was sound asleep. Sunset smiled, got as close to Twilight as she could, and peed, soaking her pajamas and the seats, and wetting Twilight's pajamas as well.

Twilight woke up. "Sunset, are you peeing on me?" she said with a smile.

"Mm-hmm," Sunset said, still wetting herself.

Twilight giggled, then let go and peed her pajamas as well.

"Are you up for another bath?" Sunset asked.

"Sure," said Twilight. "But let's lay here for a while first."

*020*2021-03-19 04:33

{{1 hour ago, Zero_4793 said:

Yeah, only have some into it, but the others casual. Maybe have one character thats really into messing as much if not more than wetting

}}

That could be Pinkie. Maybe Rainbow Dash.

{{1 hour ago, Zero_4793 said:

Peeing during spanking is so hot

I would also like to see another travel/road trip scenerio with all of them getting desperate. But due to their familiarty with it now they all decide to give in, maybe one by one. in order of comfort or something. And maybe near the end one or two even give in and poop also.

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed that. And that sounds like a good idea. Perhaps Pinkie and Rainbow could soil themselves, or were you thinking someone less likely like Rarity, Fluttershy, maybe Sunset?

*022*2021-03-19 04:49

{{7 minutes ago, Zero_4793 said:

I don't mind who. I'm not attached to the characters. Just the situations and their results.

My main kink is Omorashi. But i've recently had the desire for more messy content.

}}

Got it, I'll just go with whoever I feel like. (Perhaps this could give Rainbow her interest in it, and the aforementioned Pinkie scenario. Besides, I already had Twilight and Applejack mess themselves and mentioned Sunset doing the same)

I know the feeling. All my life I've had a thing for omo, but believe it or not I used to find scat disgusting. But after fantasizing about Rainbow Dash messing herself (for some reason it was more fun with her), I developed a fetish for it. (Though I'm not a huge fan of doing it myself, if only because of the cleanup. I have soiled myself a few times deliberately when I got too excited thinking about it, the act is fun but the cleanup isn't)

Anyway I'm really glad you're enjoying this. @Melificentfan is usually the only person to comment on these, and of course @sonadam9 now, we love each other's stories as we have very similar taste in fetishes, and we RP a lot.

*024*2021-03-19 05:22

{{1 minute ago, Zero_4793 said:

I agree competely, i much prefer to watch/read others having accidents. I dont even get much enjoyment from wetting let alone messing. But i have tried both. And i too used to find scat disgusting, i do still find playing/smearing/eating disgusting. but messing and pooping openly* is still really hot/cute

**even though most in omo community find it gross to see it. i am only grossed out by touch/smell unhygenic aspects. seeing poop isnt that bad for me

I guess this is also why i dont cares for farting much

}}

If there is one aspect of scat I still find disgusting it's eating it. Others I find fun (to see/read about) but it won't go further than messing, and maybe, if Pinkie and Dashie really get into it, wiggling their butts around in their mess.

