Sasuke's Unfortunate Accident

Author: Tina5422

*000*2012-11-23 23:45

It was a wonderful Monday morning. Sasuke Uchiha had heard the alarm on his phone go off and he'd just worken up. Sasuke made his way to the bathroom where he proceeded to brush his teeth and take a shower.

Once finished, the Uchiha ate an energy bar for breakfast accompanied with a large glass of water. Usually he used the toilet after eating but today he was a bit distracted. He couldn't help but think about the annoying yet adorable blonde boy he recently began dating.

Sasuke had been in love with Naruto almost since the moment they met, so this past month has felt like a dream come true. Sasuke is known for maintaining a stoic face, but being around Naruto made his act different and he kind of liked it. After daydreaming for a few minutes, he glanced at the clock and realized it was time to leave for school.

While walking to school Sasuke realized something horrible, he forgot to use the bathroom. Walking wasn't helping the problem. With each step the liquid inside of his bladder would swish around. He had to bend slightly at the waist to contain the urine. Sasuke was thankful once finally arriving at school.

Most people would have immediately ran to the restroom, but not an Uchiha. People would see weakness if he showed how desperate he was, so he decided he'd just have to wait until lunch. It wasn't that bad anyway...

Once arriving at his locker Sasuke saw a certain blond standing there waiting for him.

The simple sight sent Sasuke's heart aflutter. Then, he realized he was still slightly bent over so he immediately stood up straight and tried to look normal, hoping that Naruto wouldn't notice.

The only problem was that now it was difficult to hp;d om the urine. Sasuke made sure not to allow the strain to show on his face though. He had to look cool and sexy at all times and looking like you are about to pee your pants in front of your boyfriend was neither sexy or cool.

"Ready for class?" Naruto asked, snapping Sasuke out of his thoughts.

"Of course!" Sasuke responded.

They had been walking to Kakashi-sensei's classroom when Naruto stopped at the drinking fountain. The sound and sight of water running was killing Sasuke, he quickly turn away trying to distract himself. He couldn't help it, he crossed one leg over to prevent any leaking.

"You want some too?" Naruto offered, motioning toward the fountain.

"N-n-no thanks." Sasuke stuttered. He was beginning to worry his usually calm demeanor was crumbling. The only thing on his mind was peeing. It took all of his strength to not begin wiggling right there. Naruto and Sasuke then continued walking to class.

While on their way to class, Naruto kept sneaking glances at Sasuke. Something was odd about him today, but he couldn't quite figure out what it was. Sasuke was walking quite stiffly all morning and he even stuttered. Naruto is a bit dense though so he didn't yet realize Sasuke had to pee.

Sasuke was beginning to panic in his mind. 'I have to pee. I really have to pee!'

The two boys then arrive at the classroom just as the bell rings.

Sasuke was slightly relieved. He thought that being able to sit would allow him to discreetly grab himself and prevent any urine from slipping out. Kakashi-sensei was going on and on about something, but Sasuke was too distracted to care. He then began to tap his foot, hoping the distraction would help occupy his mind.

This action however, did not go by unnoticed. After this Naruto figured out why Sasuke's been acting so weird. The answer actually made his chuckle a bit. Sasuke had to pee...pretty badly too. Most of the time Naruto didn't see Sasuke as being human, but some extremely advanced species. Naruto forgot that Sasuke actually has human needs, one being he has to use the toilet.

Sasuke having to pee wasn't only surprising but also a bit arousing. To see the stoic Uchiha so vulnerable for once was absolutely adorable.

Sasuke started to move a bit in his seat. Why did he have to forget to use the toilet this morning, he was even in the bathroom! Now it was only an hour until lunch though and he was confident he could hold it until then. Sasuke realized that he could ask Kakashi to use the restroom but the thought of everyone knowing he has to go and Naruto learning the cause of his strange behavior was just too embarrassing. The mere thought caused Sasuke to blush slightly. It was decided, he'd just have to wait until lunch. Then to his relief, the bell rang.

Sasuke waited until everyone else in the class left so that they wouldn't see him struggling to get up. He slowly stood and gasped, feeling a spurt come out. He headed out the door ready to dart for the toilet, his bladder pulsating in anticipation of sweet relief that was only seconds away. For the first time in his life though when he saw Naruto, his heart dropped.

"Time for lunch." Naruto said cheerfully, grabbing Sasuke's arm.

Sasuke didn't even have time to comprehend what was going on before Naruto dragged him to the cafeteria. The worst part was, they passed a restroom on their way and Sasuke heard a toilet flush. Despite his best efforts, he let out a pained whimper.

It took everything he had for Naruto to not smile. He had seen the look in Sasuke's eyes when he left the classroom. Relief was in Sasuke's grasp and Naruto cruelly snatched it away.

Once they arrived at the cafeteria and took a seat, Naruto excused himself to get lunch for the both of them.

When Naruto was out of view Sasuke took both of his hands and placed them on his lower abdomen, tenderly rubbing his poor, aching bladder. Sasuke was slightly take aback when he felt how full it was.

Sasuke was worried, he thought that at this point his body might let go without his permission. Sasuke was in such a daze that he hadn't even heard Naruto walk back.

The sound of Naruto placing the trays on the table caused Sasuke to jump from being startled. The momentary loss of control caused his bladder and a small stream leaked out of him. His blood ran cold. He immediately reached for his crotch and the blushed crimson once he realized he was still in school, in front of everyone, including Naruto. On the inside, Sasuke was dying but on the outside he simply smiled through the pain.

"Great you're back with the food." He said, trying to distract himself from his bladder yet again. Sasuke wondered if Naruto had noticed his problem yet.

Naruto thought that Sasuke looked irresistible. His flushed face was adorable, but the fact that he was still trying to mask his need at this stage was the cutest thing of all. Actually Naruto was enjoying this so much he wanted to push Sasuke even further. While getting their lunches, he had brought back lemonade.

"Here you go." Naruto said, grinning at Sasuke while passing him some lemonade.

It so closely resembled urine. Something that caused his bladder to thrash around and threaten to release. He looked at Naruto and gave him a look that said 'I have to pee.' He hoped that Naruto would understand this without him having to actually say anything.

Naruto was clueless as usual though and just looked at Sasuke strangely. He then asked, "Sasuke, are you alright?"

Before even thinking Sasuke yelled, "OF course I'm not alright! I've never had to pee this badly in my life!" Immediately after he covered his mouth in shock. Had he just announced his desperate need for the whole world to hear? Thankfully there was so much noise in the cafeteria that only Naruto and a few others heard. Sasuke turned to look at his boyfriend.

"I'm sorry,I didn't mean to yell. I've just been holding it in for so long." Sasuke said, hoping Naruto to understand.

"Then go." Naruto said, trying to help.

Sasuke wanted to, he desperately wanted to, but his need had gotten to the point that he'd lose control of his bladder immediately trying to stand. He didn't want to admit this to Naruto, but he also didn't want to wet his pants in front of them.

"Um, could you help me to the bathroom." Sasuke whispered, sounding a bit like a child. "I won't make it otherwise." Just then another stream trickled out of Sasuke, this time a longer one and dripped down his left pants leg. "Please?" he added.

Naruto took Sasuke's hand and helped him up. Then, they headed to the nearest bathroom, all the while Sasuke keeps one hand on his crotch.

Once they finally arrived, Sasuke ran inside to the nearest urinal and relaxed. It felt amazing and he couldn't help but let out a soft moan. He was more pleasured now than he had ever been masturbating. He peed for what felt like an eternity and then zipped himself up and washed his hands. Once out he greeted Naruto, wearing his usual stoic face again.

"This never happened." Sasuke said looking at Naruto.

"Of course." Naruto responded. They began walking back to the cafeteria. "But..you did look pretty cute." he added

"Shut up!" Sasuke said, the blush on his cheeks revealing his embarrassment.

Please go easy on me, this is the second omorashi story I've ever written. Constructive criticism is welcome and appreciated. :)

*002*2012-12-02 10:55

That's exactly what I thought, thanks. :)

