(3) Back to class

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-06-05 10:20

It was three days since Harry had the accident with his broom and he was already doing much better. But that didn't mean he felt great. Even though he still wasn't feeling that good the nurse told him it was a good idea to go back to class since he would miss a lot of the lessons. Harry didn't have any choice. He didn't want to go back yet since somehow since the accident it seemed like his bladder trouble got worse. He had lost all control the first day when he asked Malfoy to carry him to the restroom and he felt so embarrassed about it. Draco had comforted him and helped him change into other clothes. Which was pretty awkward since his underwear needed to be changed as well...

Harry was thankful that Malfoy had helped him though, he was pretty ashamed when talking to him now.

Harry's legs were still hurting and he couldn't walk for long. The nurse had asked if someone could stay with him during the day and Malfoy told that he would do it. Harry was happy about that but didn't know what to say to Ron or Hermoine since it would be really weird seeing him with Malfoy -all day...

But anyway, Harry went back to class and Draco stayed by his side. Ron indeed didn't get what was happening and seemed kinda annoyed, he didn't say anything to Harry all morning. Harry felt bad, he didn't mean to make him mad.

He tried to forget about it and focus on the lessons. The last lesson before lunch was Potion Class from Snape. Harry was not looking forward to it at all.

Draco was walking next to him while going to class and made sure he was okay. Harry really started to like him now...

Harry sat down on his seat, glad he didn't have to walk for a while because his legs started hurting again. Draco sat next to him and couldn't stop looking at him. Harry had noticed that Ron was clearly mad. He needed to talk to him about this is as soon as possible. After this lesson.

Snape walked into the classroom, told them to open their books on page 394 and started with his lesson about werewolves.( Normally, professor Lupin would do this but he got very ill...)

It was pretty interesting but somehow Harry couldn't stay focused. He started to feel some pressure on his bladder and he realized he needed to use the restroom soon. Not again during class, he thought. He hated when this happened and definitely during Snape's class. He tried to ignore it but he couldn't do it for long. For some reason he already had to go pretty badly and he knew he just needed to go. When Snape wasn't paying attention Draco looked at Harry cause he had seen him squirming in his seat.

'Are you alright, baby?' He asked worried.

Harry looked shy and blushed. He just called him baby...

'I need to go to the bathroom...' He whispered, avoiding to make eye contact with the blonde boy.

Malfoy knew this was bad.

'Can you hold it till the end of class?'

Harry crossed his legs tightly.

'I don't think so...I already need to go badly...'

He looked uncomfortable.

Suddenly Snape walked up to them and stood right in front of them.

'Draco and Potter! What's going on here? You're not paying attention, are you?'

They didn't say anything.

'Thought so.' Said Snape annoyed.

He walked back to the front of the classroom without looking at them once again.

Draco looked at Harry.

'I don't think he's in such a good mood...'

Harry had noticed that and started to get nervous. The pressure in his bladder started building up and he knew he couldn't wait until class was finished. He had to ask Snape if he could go to the bathroom. And he was scared to do it...

Five more minutes passed and Harry finally found the courage to raise his hand. He was shaking a little and he was squeezing his thighs together trying to hold it.

Snape didn't ignore him like he usually did and he walked up to him.

'What's wrong again, Potter?'

Harry felt bad.

'Can I please go to the restroom sir?' He asked quietly.

Snape sighed.

'Seriously, Potter. How many times are you going to ask? It's like you're doing it on purpose, every time during MY lesson.'

Harry looked at him.

'I'm not doing it on purpose. I just need to go.' He said softly, his voice sounded desperate and sad.

He squirmed in his seat trying to relieve some of the pressure.

He prayed that Snape would let him go. He was still pretty weak from the accident and he knew he couldn't hold it much longer.

'It's fine. For this time you can go, Potter. But only for once. Think about going to the bathroom before class next time.'

'Yes, sir.' Harry answered shyly.

Snape wanted to walk away.

'Can I go with him?' Malfoy asked then.

Snape looked surprised.

'What's that good for?'

'The nurse asked me to stay with him in case something happens.' Draco replied.

Snape sighed again.

'Fine, but hurry.'

Both of the boys got out of the classroom and they had to walk all the way to the end of the hallway to reach the boys bathroom.

Harry was getting more desperate every second and he started to panic. His bladder started cramping and he knew that he was about to have an accident when this happened.

'Ohh...' Harry stopped and bended over.

'Are you okay?' Draco asked worried.

'No...I can't hold it anymore...' Harry answered desperate.

'Come on, Harry. We're almost there, you can do this.' Malfoy encouraged him.

'I don't know...'

Harry tried to walk as fast as possible but his legs didn't allow him. The pressure on his bladder was unbearable and he didn't know what to do...

The bathroom was so close now...

Harry felt another wave of desperation hit him and he moaned.

Draco looked at him worried.

'Come on, Harry. We're almost there.'

Harry was about to cry. It hurt him so much he just couldn't hold it anymore.

'I know but I can't walk faster...' He whispered.

Draco knew what he had to do.

'I'll carry you to the bathroom then.' He decided.

'But...last time...'

'Don't think about last time. You will make it. I'll make sure you do.' Draco answered.

Harry just nodded his head and didn't say anything. He was shaking cause he needed to pee so bad.

Draco felt bad for him. In the past he enjoyed seeing Potter feel bad but now he just couldn't take it. Proof that he liked him...

'I'm gonna pick you up, okay? Hold on.'

'Okay...'

Harry tried his best to hold it but he started leaking a little when the blonde boy picked him up.

'You alright?' He asked then.

'I need to go....right now! I'm gonna have an accident...' Harry said with a desperate look on his face.

'You're not.'

Draco walked all the way to the bathroom with Harry in his arms.

When they arrived he put him back on the ground.

'You can go now, I'll wait here.'

Harry didn't say anything and walked to the nearest stall and got in there, without even locking the door.

He stood there squirming, trying to undo his belt but his hands were all sweaty and he couldn't get it.

'Ohh...'

He tried as hard as he could but somehow it wouldn't work, probably because he was so nervous. His bladder was bursting, it hurt him so much he just couldn't hold it anymore. Pee started dripping in his underwear.

'No...' Harry whispered, squeezing his legs trying to hold back the flow.

He needed help, otherwise he was gonna wet himself.

He felt horribly embarrassed but he had no other choice.

'Draco...' Harry asked desperate.

'Yeah?'

'Can you help me? I can't undo my belt...oh god I'm peeing...'

Draco knew this was going to be awkward but he had to help him.

'Yeah sure... Can I come in?'

Harry stood there shifting from his one leg to his other.

'Yes hurry...'

Malfoy opened the door and looked at Harry who was clearly about to lose the battle with his bladder.

'I'll help you okay...'

He squad down and started to undo Harry's belt, which was difficult because the brown haired boy couldn't stand still.

'Ohh...' He moaned desperately.

'Almost done, Harry...'

'I can't hold it!!'

'Just a second...'

Harry tried the hardest he could to hold it but he just couldn't do it anymore. His bladder was weak and he couldn't take the pain anymore. When he started leaking again he didn't try to hold it back anymore since he knew he couldn't do it. The pee started filling his underwear and soon he was peeing forcefully into his trousers, pee running down his left leg and making a large puddle on the floor.

Malfoy had stopped trying to undo Harry's belt and just stood there, looking at him. For some reason he enjoyed this... Not seeing Harry this desperate but seeing him wetting himself. Watching it happen and hearing the hissing sound of Harry's piss made him exited. Fuck not now!

Harry was finally done peeing and he couldn't help it and started crying.

He didn't say anything, he was way too embarrassed.

Draco tried to ignore the need he felt to kiss him and instead got up and put his hand on Harry's shoulder.

'It's alright, Harry.' He said calming.

'No it's not!' Harry answered, tears running down his face.

'I did it again! I can't even hold it. I'm 14, Malfoy!'

'I know you are. But it doesn't matter. Accidents happen, Harry.' Draco tried to calm him down.

Harry didn't say anything and just stood there crying like a little boy.

Malfoy couldn't help it and hugged Harry. 'It's alright baby.' He whispered while touching his hair.

Harry was still crying but he liked what Malfoy was doing. It calmed him down. For some reason he felt safe. He didn't pay attention to his with pee drenched trousers anymore and enjoyed hugging Malfoy.

The blonde boy came closer and started kissing him. Harry let it happen and closed his eyes.

Draco was now touching him. Harry liked it, he relaxed.

'I love you, Potter...' Malfoy whispered, his hands going lower and touching Harry's wet crotch.

Harry could feel he was getting exited and he hoped Draco didn't notice.

Harry opened his eyes and Malfoy smiled at him.

Harry had now stopped crying and even smiled back.

'I love you too...'

