Winter sauna

Author: Tellnoone

*000*2022-06-10 08:41

My submission for the may 2022 writing competition. At first I found the prompt very challenging because who would want to pee in a sauna, that´s pretty gross, right? But once I tried and gave myself a little bit of freedom the story started writing itself in my head and I had great fun! Enjoy!

WINTER SAUNA

The snow squeaked under my feet as I walked from the bus stop down to the small club house. I looked forward to a relaxing time with some of the other ski club members. The winter night was peaceful, and away from the city lights the stars were so much more visible on the sky. Just like last time I was here a couple of weeks ago. Oh, the thought of that night brought back sweet memories.

Peter, Jennie and Billy were already in the sauna, so I quickly changed into my swimwear, grabbed a beer, and went in there.

There was no running water in this place. No bathroom. Usually we just went outside, around the corner to pee. I preferred to do it while I was swimming in the lake though, and I´m pretty sure I wasn´t the only one.

But there would be no swimming today. The lake was just a huge flat surface covered with snow, and the ice so thick we would have needed a chainsaw to make a hole in it, so to cool us down we´d just have to roll in the snow.

I looked out the window. Fresh snow on the ground covered what I did there last time. I had been holding my pee in all night out of laziness, and then right before we were leaving, the idea just struck me. I waited until the others had gone to change, and then I had sneaked out to the snowy beach one last time. I don´t know if you have ever done this kind of winter sauna thing. The thing is, when your body has been in the heat for such a long time you can be outside for a while without too much discomfort. But that time I had another thing on my mind. I don´t usually engage in omo activities among friends but I just couldn´t resist. I sat down on my bum and relaxed, peeing right through my swimsuit.

The pee felt so hot as a contrast to the snow, and I kept the flow going in a constant stream until empty. I could feel myself sinking deeper down in the snow as the pee made it melt. I stayed there a few seconds, enjoying the silence, then I got up and rubbed myself with some snow to clean up a bit, before I went back in to change before heading home. Even if the whole bikini bottom was damp from the snow there was still an obvious pee-soaked patch reaching from the front to the back between my legs, and I felt naughty and nervous trying to cover it from the others in the changing room.

That had been awesome, but I shouldn´t be doing it tonight again, I thought to myself. I should just go and squat behind the corner like the others. Yes, I´d definitely do that.

We had a great time, discussing everything from politics to gossips from our last camp, and then every now and then we went out all together to cool ourselves down with the icy cold, yet so smooth snow outside.

After a while, Peter and Jennie who had both been there longer than me and Billy decided that they had enough and wanted to drive home. They offered me and Billy a ride home, but we weren’t satisfied yet. We had still one beer left to drink and were in the middle of debating what album with the Smiths was the most classic one.

I knew Billy had been behind the corner right after I came here, two or three hours ago. No, I´m not a creep keeping count on my friend’s toilet behaviors, it just… gets noticed. How long had It been since I went? That was back home, probably four hours ago. Now after three beers and lots of water, even if I had been sweating a lot of it out, it was not a surprise that I started to feel a need to pee. And with that feeling comes… Other urges. Excitement. Pleasurable tingling in certain areas of the body.

I wasn´t attracted to Billy, and I knew I wasn´t his type either. He was just a friend. A bit stupid and annoying sometimes but that could also lead to interesting cheerful arguments. So this had nothing to do with him, but… Just sitting here, with a filling bladder starting to poke the right buttons from the inside, slowly squeezing my legs together... It became hot. That kind of burning hotness that could be mistaken for a small pee leak, even when I know it´s just another kind of wetness.

My omo mind was on overload. The memories of my sneaky wetting last time started rolling in my head again. Suddenly my plans of not doing it again was far away. I wanted to wet. This pee, still contained in my bladder, craved to pass through fabric.

I wasn´t yet so desperate that it showed. I´m pretty good at hiding it until I´m really on the verge. If I squirmed a bit now when Billy looked away it was only because it felt so good.

We had changed our topic to Radiohead and it turned out to be an even longer discussion. The Bends had been one of the first albums I bought (yes, kids, once upon a time you actually bought expensive records in a store, and listened to the same one all day long until you could afford to buy another one next month.) and there was nothing like it. Billy didn´t agree. He said the Bends was too simple, and there was so much more soul and heart behind Ok computer.

Once again – I’m not a creep (no pun intended), but I couldn´t help but notice Billy tensing up a bit. He was starting to look very restless, and sometimes looking out the windows, losing track of what we were talking about.

He was holding it on purpose. He must be. There was no pee shyness in that guy, I had seen him peeing on the side of the road several times during ski trips. Why was he holding it? I didn´t understand.

Soon his moves weren´t so subtle anymore. He drifted away. I swear, I did my best not to stare, and just keep on talking, pretending like nothing, but hey, I knew all those signals, and that guy was bursting.

After a while we both turned silent. Me with a comfortably full bladder and doing my best not to show my amusement with the situation. Him shifting around with a nervous look on his face, and then suddenly he just jumped up.

“Gotta piss”, he said, and jumped down, hurrying outside. As soon as I was alone, I took the opportunity to put a hand in my crotch, and rub myself just slightly outside of the bikini bottom. It felt fantastic, but a bit embarrassing too. Billy would return any second, so I stopped myself before the point of no return, feeling the blood pulsating, unsatisfied. Fuck this, stop being such a perv, I said to myself, and in that moment the door opened. Ok, this thing I´m not sure about but… I´m pretty sure there was a small darker patch in the front of his trunks. I just don´t think he really made it on time… And I would lie if I said I didn´t care about it, and that I didn´t have to force my eyes not to repeatedly make their way to that possible dark streak.

Alright, I needed to find a new topic to talk about, to make me think of something else than my friend´s possible accidental spurt, and my own growing desperation. I tried. And I failed. And then Billy started talking instead.

“What´s wrong with you? Don´t you ever pee?”, he said. I knew it. That was the reason he had held it. He had noticed I didn´t go all night and it must have annoyed him for some reason.

“I just haven´t been needing to go.”

“I don´t believe it. You´re just holding it to proof that women can hold it for longer than men”.

“Billy, what the fuck!” I knew so well he was just trying to provoke. He wasn´t an asshole and he did share most of my values, still he sometimes joked about my dedication to feminist issues, and my strong reactions when someone made ridiculous assumptions on gender differences. I remembered that time on the party when Billy got that stupid idea about drinking “gender equality shots” with me, actually filling a slightly bigger glass for me each time, and those were so many times I can´t count as he was waiting for me to give up. Well, I got drunk, that´s true. But I didn´t get wasted and puking all night long like my dear gender equal male friend. I used to tease him a lot about that event afterwards.

But let´s just say I stepped into his trap this time.

“Alright Billy. If men were better at holding their pee than women, how come you´re the one who just about wet his pants 5 minutes ago, while I´m just sitting here in peace not even needing to go? “

At least I´m sure that if we weren´t already so hot from the sauna he was blushing when I said that thing about him wetting his pants. His eyes made a short little look down at his crotch as if to see if something still showed.

“Alright. But you must admit you need to pee now. Or do you just pee right where you´re sitting?”

I was the one to blush now. Not because of embarrassment, but because his words made my private parts go crazy. The idea of me just letting go where I was sitting on the wooden sauna deck… The pee forming a lake between my thighs, slowly running over the edge, and splashing down to the floor. Of course, it´s something super gross I would never do, but the thought of doing it right there…

In the very same moment that thought crossed my mind the psychological grip of my bladder slipped. I felt hotness in my urethra and just in time managed to stop a leak from coming out.

“Stop this bullshit now, how old are you?” I said.

“Come on. You don´t need to proof anything anymore. You must be bursting!”

Billy just smiled, waiting for an answer. Oh god, why were we even having this conversation, could it be… No. I knew him too well, he had no sexual interest in this. He was just being old good annoying Billy. For some reason he had managed to thread directly into one of my most private spots, and I must not let it show. I couldn´t tell him that I held my pee in just because it felt so good and that I wanted to wet myself as soon as I got the chance.

“Actually I just don´t really need to go. Not at all. I can easily hold it until we get home”.

I regretted what I just said. Why didn´t I just give up? Even if it had been some unofficial holding competition between us, I would have won it long ago. Why didn´t I just go and pee? Maybe it was the beer, that made me too proud, stupid and overconfident. Maybe I actually believed I could hold it long enough to get off the bus, reach my own house, kick my shoes off in the hallway and then just go into the bathtub in the last second, before everything came pouring down my jeans in sweet relief.

Or maybe I actually liked the excitement of this. The thought of not making it. The challenge.

I had been pretty comfortable so far, but after our next and last bath in the snow I was actually getting so desperate that I couldn´t think straight. Billy asked me when the buses were leaving, because I use to know that, but now I just didn´t remember. He checked his phone and said we should hurry up and get changed. I knew I should just go and pee now, but I still didn´t. I had told Billy I wasn´t desperate at all, hadn´t I? And I didn´t want to waste such a good hold on a normal boring peeing on the ground.

With full concentration I went into one of the cubicles in the changing room. The pee heavy in my stomach. As I janked my bikini bottom down there was a confusion in the brain-bladder connection. “Great, we´re in the bathroom” the bladder seemed to think, and before I could stop it a trickle ran down my leg. I wiped it up with my towel, for a moment thinking about putting the towel between my legs and pee into it like a diaper… But Billy was right next to me in the other cubicle and I was too scared he would hear the noise of it and catch me in the act.

Putting on my dry panties without having had relief felt just so wrong. Then the leggings.

I slightly rubbed myself, as silent as I could. It made the urges go away, and I could have cum on the spot, but that would make me start breathing weirdly, and I knew an intense orgasm could make me leak too. I put my light blue jeans on instead. Could barely button them with all this pee inside of me. I now had three layers. That would secure me from showing a small leak, but the spasms I was having now were getting stronger. Bending down to put my shoes on was a struggle, and now the urge for relief was so strong that I finally decided to give up and go pee in the darkness of the ditch before the bus came.

But Billy was already outside waiting for me. “The bus is coming already, come on”. He was right. The bus was a few minutes early and I saw the headlights up the road.

I don´t know, maybe I didn´t have time to think, but I joined Billy speed walking to the bus stop, even if it meant a slowly dribbling warmth in my underwear with every third step. And then we stopped. The bus went over the hill coming towards us. And now standing still the biggest desperation wave suddenly hit me. A two second spurt in my pants. And another one. It was unstoppable. I was going to wet myself. Now. Right in front of Billy, and the bus that just slowed down, stopped and opened its door in front of us. I didn´t want it to happen. Not like this. In panic I put a hand inside my pocket, and I´m usually not so fast with ideas but this time I was and it saved my ass… well, for the moment.

“Fuck! I forgot my phone in the changing room, gotta go back and get it and take the next bus, you go ahead, see you on Tuesday…“ The words streamed out of my mouth faster than the pee slowly in shorts spurts soaked the inside of my leggings, probably already starting to make a dark spot in the crotch of my jeans. I didn’t dare looking down to check it out. Billy fortunately only looked at my face.

“Yeah, yeah. See you then!” he sighed, a little bit tired of me since it happens pretty often that I forget my belongings somewhere. He turned his back against me and got on the bus. I started walking the other direction, still clenching all my muscles. But as the bus went, so did also all the last of my will power to stay dry. This was it. I just stood there on the side of the road, as over one liter of pee flooded my pants in half a minute. The patches spread and it was running straight through the fabric in hot rivers, steaming in the cool air. It was amazing. So warm against the cold. I felt so calm and relaxed. But it soon changed.

For fucks sake. What had I done? My jeans were soaked, with just a perfect evenly shaped pee stain reaching all the way from the crotch down the inside of my legs. My ass was soaked as well. I had hat kind of beautiful wet patch that even to an untrained eye can only mean one thing. That woman just totally pissed her pants. At least I was alone. Thank god I was alone.

Walking back to the clubhouse the wetness against my skin wasn´t that warm anymore. I was happy I did have the keys, and didn´t have to stay out in the cold. But I couldn´t go directly inside. My shoes were filled with pee, and the feet dripping as I stepped out of the shoes. I took my socks off, sticked my feet barefoot into the snow and then I walked into the house. My now ice cold jeans were clinging to my legs, and I decided to sit in the still pretty warm sauna for a while. I found a big garbage bag to put under my ass and made sure no pee stained surface touched the wood.

Alright, I had half an hour to kill until next bus. What to do? You all know what I did. I´m not gonna go into details. But after the second time it was actually perfect timing to go to the bus. Trying to ignore the fact that I had also started to smell, I got out to the bus stop again, with the empty plastic bag in my hand. In case the bus driver hesitated to allow me on the bus I would assure them I wouldn´t make a mess on the seat.

I was kind of nervous when the bus arrived. I had never been so obviously wet in front of someone before. The driver looked down my pants. He definitely saw and understood what had happened, but he didn´t say anything and I couldn´t really read his face. The rest of the bus was almost empty, and I went down the aisle to pick a seat. I saw the driver turning his head against the noise of me placing the plastic bag on the seat and sitting down on it.

Finally on my way home now. But I soon got reminded what always happens after a long hold. Your bladder fills up fast and you need to pee again. I was getting desperate, but now with a sore bladder and it wasn´t a pleasant feeling.

With ten minutes left on the ride I decided to ease the pressure just a little bit, since I was sitting on the plastic bag, and everything. No, actually it wasn´t a decision. I just gave it a thought, and then my body cheered upon the idea, and let out a big spurt before I gave it a second thought.

My wet bum felt warm again, but as the clothes couldn´t really absorb much more, it was pooling up between my legs and I managed to stop the flow with just a short delay. Soon after that the puddle overflowed and a thin stream running over the edge of the plastic covered seat created a small puddle on the floor. Fuck. I had made a mess. I felt shameful but pretended like nothing and just made sure not to let anything more out. We reached my bus stop, and I carefully got up, and tried to hold the plastic bag in a way that it wouldn´t drip while jumping out the bus to put it in the waste bin outside.

On the way home from the bus stop I just relaxed as I walked, allowing leaks to happen and rewet my pants. All damage that could be done was done, so why suffer. My crotch felt warm and nice as I let it out little by little.

The streets were quiet. A few cars passed me by and if they looked at me they probably saw my wet pants. I just hoped it wasn’t someone I knew.

The temperatures were getting even lower, and my legs and feet felt like they were turning to ice. I was glad it was just a short walk left. I was just gonna pass by the 7-11 store and then I´d be home. I walked faster as I passed the store, in case there were people inside who could see me. Fuck. I wasn´t that lucky. I heard the doors slide open behind me just as I passed them. And then someone called my name.

I turned around. I Couldn´t believe it. Walking towards me with a big bottle of coke in his hand was… Yes, of course. Billy. And there I stood, with my obvious pee stains all the way down to my feet. Frozen in place. First he looked confused, and as if he didn´t know how to react, but that was only for a short moment. Then he started laughing.

“Come on, that is a stupid way of trying to make yourself warm… It gets´s cold really quickly, right?” he smiled.

“Talking form experience, I guess?”, I said. (I have No idea where those words came from, because my mind felt completely blank).

He just shook his head and kept laughing at me.

“I will be kind. I´m not gonna force you to explain what the fuck happened. Not today. You´d better just hurry home before you catch a cold.”

“Well, I was on my way…” I complained.

“Sorry to interrupt you. See you! And you´re not getting a goodbye hug from me, ha ha. ” he said, gave me a little wave and walked away. Managing not to bump into anyone else I passed the next house and finally hurried up the stairs into my apartment, the warm shower, the change of pants, and the bed.

Lying there exhausted I was thinking back on the whole evening. It was with very mixed feelings. Sure my full bladder had emptied itself through fabric, just like it had craved… But apart from that, absolutely nothing had ended up the way I planned it. I had for the first time wet my pants in public with zero chances to hide the aftermath. Sitting on a plastic bag in that bus and even peeing a little bit on the floor had been embarrassing and humiliating. And if that wasn´t enough, just when I thought it was over, I had been seen by my friend. My most annoyingly spiteful dear friend. The grin he had on his face as he left had told me he wouldn´t let me live this down. It was horribly awkward. And still…

I was thinking about what it would be like to meet with the ski club next Tuesday. What would Billy say to me? Would he let the others know or would he just be hinting about it, making me embarrassed with subtle insinuations? The thought of this was killing me right now. I could barely wait.

