[Lea series] Chapter 2: Waterfall Inc.

Author: Thunder

*000*2021-02-02 19:26

Hello there!

Here is the second chapter of the series featuring Lea. This one comes just after the first so I would recommend you read it before:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/65465-lea-series-chapter-1-leaks-detected?do=embed"

So that evening, instead of taking the bus back home, Lea followed her manager on the car park and was surprised of the relatively warm breeze she felt on her now naked legs. It seemed winter had forgotten to come this year. She struggled a bit to climb into his big Range Rover and they left.

During the 30-minute drive, he explained that they would be visiting a factory the company acquired a few months ago, Waterfall Inc., which was making purified water for injection. Her mission was to follow him and take notes. He did not know how long it would take – visits like that can go from one hour up to six or more, depending on what is discovered. Lea was pleased to spend the evening there instead of having to respect the lockdown alone in her little apartment, but as crazy as it might have been, she had to pee – again. She couldn’t believe it, as she had emptied her bladder in such spectacular way barely one hour before, but it seemed to have broken the seal.

They arrived at the factory and went through the usual security checks – including the metal detector. Lea wondered if the operator behind his screen could see she had no panty on, and what effect it would have on him. But he said nothing, so she carried on with her new task. The tour began, and quickly Lea was bored. The director had opted for an “office tour”, during which they could only see the process through windows so that they didn’t have to change into lab clothes. Her need to pee was building slowly but steadily: at first, she only felt a discomfort in her bladder. Then, she had to subtly shift her weight from one leg to another whenever they came to a halt. She tried to distract herself from her need by taking notes, but the tour was so boring that she kept coming back to thinking about it.

“Well I think that’s all!”, the director said. Lea couldn’t believe it, a few more minutes and she would be getting to a toilet! In fact, she was having a hard time not to break into a full pee-pee dance. Her bladder was now swollen, and she could see the bulge on her leather skirt. She was crossing her legs in a hope to keep composure but was quite fidgety. “One moment”, her manager answered, “I would like to see your warehouse”.

“Oh right, no problem!”, the director answered. “Oh NO, this cannot be true”, Lea thought. The three of them left the meeting room and headed towards the exit.

The warehouse was located in a remote corner of the factory. At this point, Lea could feel her aching bladder with every step she took and there was very little she could do – of course she could not hold herself in front of those two guys! The group came to a halt near the warehouse and the director began explaining how it had been built and when. Lea was trying to concentrate on taking notes, but the pressure she felt was too much. She knew she would not be able to hold it very long and, sure enough, a few minutes after, she felt a leak escape her pussy and slowly trickling down her left leg. She looked at her manager in shock but he was absorbed in the director’s explanations.

Lea was crossing her legs and using all her willpower to stop peeing, but to no avail. The lukewarm air on her bare legs did not help at all and the trickle going down her legs was tickling her. She felt another wave come and another spurt escaped her pussy lips, pooled in her inner thighs for a moment and slowly went down her legs. She was peeing herself – once again – and there was no way she could help it. She had to find a solution. Right now!

But there it was, crystal clear despite her mind being entirely focused on not flashing her young pussy to two important managers and peeing an ocean just before their eyes. In big bright letters glowing in this unusually warm winter night. “WATERFALL INC.” Lea was standing on grass, the two men were absorbed in their discussion, her leather skirt was covering her private parts, and she had no panty on: she could just pee there without being noticed.

Her leaks were now incontrollable. She put her legs together and tried to pee as slowly as possible. For the first few seconds, she could not control her flow, and a hissing noise could clearly be heard in the night. Lea quickly clenched her muscles as the director and the manager both turned towards her and tried to find the source of this noise. Lea pretended to be taking notes (a task she had abandoned way earlier, focused on her need to pee) and the director said: “we sometimes have animals coming from the nearby forest”. During this whole time, Lea was focused on not peeing herself while the two others were looking at her, and as soon as they turned back, she resumed leaking on her legs. She could feel her heels becoming wetter and wetter as her bladder emptied and began worrying about the noise she would make when she was going to walk.

Then, abruptly, the director said: “well, let’s get inside then!”. Lea was in the middle of leaking and had not at all emptied her bladder. She had quite a hard time clenching her muscles to stop peeing. The inside of her legs was totally wet, and so was the inside of her heels. Fortunately, they did not “splosh” as she walked towards the building. But Lea’s now tired bladder had had enough of these “stop and go” and screamed for relief right now. She nonetheless managed to stay “dry” for the rest of the tour. The director shook hands with both of them and, before she could open her mouth to ask for the toilets, her manager said “well, let’s go then, I don’t want to get home too late, I will drop you off at your place”. She wasn’t sure she could hold the rest of her bladder for 30 minutes, but what choice did she have?

