Omorashi with a Side of Farts

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-06-01 17:59

For anyone who loves to see farting combined with omorashi, as I know one person here besides me does. If this is a huge turn-off for you don't read. But, it doesn't come until after the end of the omorashi segment.

Omorashi with a Side of Farts

Tiffany was a very attractive girl, 22 years of age, with long blonde hair. Today she was wearing a cute black tank top and short, skintight, pink shorts.

About an hour ago she had gotten back from a long bike ride. It was a hot summer day, so she had drank several glasses of water, and a few cans of soda.

After having some beans for lunch, she got into her car and hit the road. She was on her way to get an extra pair of shorts, for she always liked to have four, and one of her other pairs had split yesterday, as they were a size too small from when she was a little younger. Fortunately no one had been around to witness the event.

Her favorite store to get them at was about a half hour away, for she lived in a big city.

After the half hour drive, she reached the store, picked out a light blue pair of shorts she really liked, tried them on, decided they were perfect, paid for them at the counter, and got back into her car.

As soon as she was out of the parking lot, she felt an urge to pee, as all the water and soda she had drank had gone through her. She wasn't too worried, though. She could hold it for a half hour.

However, ten minutes into the drive she hit a traffic jam. The cars only moved about an inch every minute.

Half an hour went by, with very little progress. Tiffany felt the pressure grow heavier, and crossed her legs. A man walked past her to the front of the jam, to inspect what was causing it. When he returned, Tiffany rolled down the window.

"What's going on?"

"There was an accident up the road. Both cars are really smashed up. It won't go for quite some time."

"There's gonna be an accident in here soon if we don't get going!"

With each minute, Tiffany felt her need to pee become greater. She considered running out of her car to the nearest bathroom, but the cars were very slowly moving forward and she didn't want to delay anyone behind her.

Another hour went by. By now she really needed to go. She was fidgeting hard, feeling the pee sloshing around inside her, wishing she had gone to the bathroom before she left home, or better yet, the store.

At long last, the traffic started moving again. Tiffany drove as fast as she could, without exceeding the speed limit. She knew it wouldn't help her make it if she got pulled over for speeding.

Somehow she seemed to hit every single red light just as it began. Two times this happened she leaked a bit, dampening her shorts but not enough to get the seat of her car wet.

Finally she reached the roads with houses on the sides. Her home was not very far away.

She stopped at a stop sign, where several cars drove by. It didn't look like she was about to go anywhere anytime soon. Some cars came from the right, so she could have turned right if she wanted to, but she had to turn left. She could feel waves of pee inside her, and she was about to burst, fidgeting harder than ever, another leak making her underwear even wetter.

Finally she got the chance to turn left, and in about a minute she reached her home.

She quickly ran out of her car and to the door of her house, but just as she was unlocking the door, the dam burst.

Her pink shorts darkened, and she could feel them grow warm and wet. Rivers of pee flowed down her legs, forming a puddle on the front porch. As humiliating as it was to wet herself like this, she couldn't deny the release felt good after holding it for so long.

"Ahhhhh, that's better."

When she finished peeing, the crotch and butt of her shorts were soaked, but she didn't mind too much. At least no one had seen it.

FFFFFFRRRRRRRT

Tiffany was surprised at the loud, wet fart that came out of her. She blushed, but giggled a bit. It was not ladylike to fart so loudly, but she secretly thought it was fun to fart. That's why she liked beans so much.

She quickly walked inside her house. She realized she had left her new shorts in the car, so she decided to change into something else and get them later.

But... for now she wanted to stay in her wet shorts. She didn't know why, but she liked the feeling of it. It just felt so naughty.

BBBBRRRRRT! PPPPFFFFTT! BBBRRRRAAAAAP! PPPPBBBBTH!

She giggled as she released a series of boisterous wet farts. Usually they were silent, but they were probably wetter because her shorts were wet. She slapped her butt playfully as she let out another fart.

Eventually, she set up a bubblebath and jumped in the tub without bothering to undress first. She farted in the tub and giggled. She was going to have a lot of fun with her newfound fetish for omorashi and love for farting loudly.

...

Author's note: The thing with the traffic jam and stop signs are some of my primary fears for what might cause me to have an accident one day. But, I wasn't too hard on her - she at least didn't pee on the seat of her car, and she found she enjoyed it.

Also, it took so long to write this it logged me out, but fortunately it saved what I wrote when I logged back in.

$$

*003*2017-06-01 20:25

{{1 hour ago, EthanDaOmoWIz said:

Does this happen to be your inspiration

}}

Never even seen it before. I just randomly chose her name and hair color

*005*2017-06-03 01:13

I actually was going to call her Samantha, but I've already seen a few Samanthas in other stories here

