Would anyone be interested to read this?

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2020-09-25 23:32

The last time no one was interested but that could be because of certain fantasy elements, which I could modify to replace them with sci-fi that might work a little better.

Even if someone's interested, due to extreme shyness there's no guarantee I will post it, but it's still possible, I just want to know it wouldn't be considered too stretchy, sci-fi elements aside, and that people would be interested to read it.

So the basic idea of the revised plot is:

A girl who loves wetting herself for fun applies for a job at a race horse track, but the boss discovers her fetish with an Omo Detector and, being a major kinkshamer, locks her up for two weeks (during which she wets herself repeatedly but doesn't have a whole lot of fun with it), until she is rescued by the Omorashi Guild, people who love wetting for fun and engage in the harmless side of it, with detectors that keep out both kinkshamer spies and creeps (and ways of erasing their memories if any ever do try to sneak in). Maybe including a race horse who loves to pee on people (and won't do it without consent). (Everyone will be of age, and there will be multiple male and female wettings)

And while some guild members are just here to have fun and interact with like-minded people, others are forming a movement to take down the Omorashi Illuminati, who pull some strings to force people to have unwanted pee accidents (including making peeing outside in an emergency punishable by death, a dark satire of how messed up the whole thing is). The OG eventually find the OI's base, sneak in, and obtain a thumb drive detailing all their operations, and give it to the right people, resulting in the OI's arrest and dismantlement (and wetting themselves on the way to prison).

In the end, though their identities remain a secret to the rest of the world, the OG are hailed as heroes for foiling a conspiracy to make people wet themselves despite their own interest in wetting, and kinkshaming is subsequently banned, with the race horse track boss being put in the stockade for two days as punishment and wetting herself.

I was also thinking about putting a part in there where the OI talk of manufacturing a certain virus to use as an excuse to close public bathrooms (and are shut down before they can), but I don't know if that would be considered in bad taste, even though due to sci-fi elements it's not meant to be set in our world. (I don't think anyone manufactured the virus but I do think someone powerful is exploiting it for omo purposes, since closing public bathrooms isn't even helping the situation. Where I live (which I won't say) public bathrooms are open with safety protocols and hand sanitizers and we're doing WAY better with the virus than places that have abandoned bathroom rights. Not connected, but what we're doing isn't hurting and what they're doing CERTAINLY isn't helping.) Anyway, if it would be better to leave this out of the story, I can, I'm just really mad at whoever's doing this (not naming any names).

Even without the virus plan, would this make a good story on here or would it be too stretchy? (I know I'm known for writing stretchy stories to the point that many consider them "unfappable") And even if it's not, would anyone want to read it? (Again, I might still decide not to either way)

*003*2020-09-26 04:54

Then I might, if I can get the confidence to. A few people saying they'd be interested is a start.

*007*2020-09-26 16:01

{{6 hours ago, Macson said:

Sounds like great ideas to me, although if you want my two cents, I’d recommend making them different stories . The guild/illuminati storyline, and the racetrack storyline sound better as two separate stories to me, but I’d love reading both! Also, if it would boost your confidence, I’d be happy to proofread/give feedback on your pieces before you post them. I’ve done that before for some.

}}

Thanks for the vote of confidence, but I'm not sure how to separate them...

*008*2020-09-26 18:40

@Macson

I guess my plan was, at the end, have them sneak into the OI's lair through the sewer, find a bathroom with an air duct that leads to the room they want, have them listen in on a conversation between the OI executives (in a parody of both Final Fantasy VII and Paper Mario: TT-YD), then find the thumb drive, maybe knock a few OI members out along the way. And again, their taking them down results in the kinkshamers going down as well.

But I'm open to suggestions on how to separate them. When I get time I'll make the modifications from my original draft.

*011*2020-09-27 05:02

{{4 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

Rainbow Dash always pisses in style!

}}

Yes she does, and I love fantasizing about her (as you might guess from my avatar). Though this horse will be based off Surprise. I don't know why.

{{10 hours ago, Macson said:

@The Dark Wolf

As an outside observer, I don’t see how the more expansive narrative of the OG vs OI connects with the storyline of the horse track, but that’s only my opinion as someone who didn’t come up with it. I think they’re good ideas, so separate or not, I’m sure you’ll do good things with them.

}}

The horse track will lead to the main character's introduction to the OG where, after being imprisoned by a very harsh kinkshamer, she will be introduced to people with the same fetish and realize she's not the only one, and will take part in their takedown of the OI, which in turn will lead to kinkshaming being condemned due to people with the fetish having saved the world from a gang of people who abuse the fetish. It's pretty much three sides - people who engage in the harmless side of it, people who force it on others, and kinkshamers.

...

I revised it to replace fantasy elements with futuristic technology (original draft had talking horses who can sniff an omo fetish on people). But I'm still a little reluctant to post it because I'm afraid some aspects of it will be seen as too stretchy. I might even be more afraid it'll become really popular here (due to my extreme fetish shyness, even though it's no secret on this site that I love wetting for fun). Though only a few people here like the ones I have posted, and those that don't are at least too polite to say it so maybe I don't have anything to fear.

*013*2020-09-27 17:52

{{3 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

No such thing as "too stretchy" in my book for stories like this, i'm more then willing to suspend my disbelief is the story is hot enough.

}}

Well, there will be lots of wettings, and a golden shower from a race horse, but the story might be a little more plot-driven.

