PokéPee - Dawn

Author: TheDeathOfRats

*000*2011-09-05 11:17

Well, I decided to write something for you. Part of my stockpile of fantasies in fact (drools briefly). Anyway, this story will feature additional chapters, harsh criticisms, and weeks of waiting. It will likely contain mildly offensive language, since I'm like that, mild sexual references, Female Wetting and Desperation, (must be a rare one, on this site) and additional warnings as they become relevant if they aren't listed here.

^Nothing you recognize is our intellectual property, and this story was written on a non-profit basis, etc, etc.^

Shut up Steve. You're right, but shut up.

I haven't actually watched much of the anime for several years, so I based the areas around the games, but nobody will really mind, will they?

^I will^

Shut up Steve. Nobody cares about what you think.

Oh, and if you don't get a reference, Google it.

Without further ado (We do go on a bit, don't we?) I present to you, the first chapter of my first fanfic.

PokéPee - Dawn

Chapter One - Dawn of the Problem

Ash, Dawn and Brock were calmly walking through Eterna Forest. Dawn felt a slight urge to go, but knew she could hold it. They were almost through to Eterna City, after all.

Suddenly, an extremely conspicuous giant robot, which had previously gone unnoticed, burst from the clearly inadequate cover of the trees with slightly less noise than King Leonidas. A large, red “R” was painted on the front.

Ash, Brock, Dawn and their Pokémon gave Team Rocket the usual 2 minutes to recite their ridiculous theme song, which was only ever a few words different from their template one.

I'm not going to lower myself to “word quota filling” by typing the song here. Just imagine, or look it up on Wikipedia, or Google it. Seriously.

Dawn, who didn't have much experience with dealing with the mildly annoying trio, was actually shocked when a long, slender metal arm came and snatched her Piplup.

She made the intelligent decision of running at the machine. Jessie and James simply cackled briefly as they pressed a button installed for this very reason (seriously). Another steel tentacle whipped out from nowhere and smashed her between the legs.

Dawn contemplated how much more that would have hurt if she'd been a boy, as she flew across the clearing, narrowly missing an out of place rock. She did, however, hear a ripping noise and thought “Oh crap, that can't be good”, before she collided with a very solid tree headfirst in a very comic manner, slid down, in a very comic manner, and remained knocked out, in a very comic manner. The last thing to go through her mind was: “Blast, I probably just flashed everyone my panties, curse this skimpy strip of cloth!”

^That was pretty short for a fanfic, and it doesn't reach a proper conclusion. And she doesn't pee herself.^

Shut up Steve! I'm only posting this to see if my non-existent talent in writing will be appreciated. Please comment everyone! I need people other than Steve to talk to!

^I resent that.^

Shut up Steve!

^And there's always the others!^

The others? Oh, right, they haven't been able to talk over you mouthing off at me all the time!

^(sniffs)^

Oh don't cry, just let the others get to know me as much as you do. I've had them living in my head for 20 years or so and I don't even know their names. Sheesh.

*004*2011-09-06 04:20

I'm telling you, I'm not a troll!

^And I'm not dumb!^

No Steve, you are dumb. And anyway, the doctor told me not to talk to you, the others, or the leprechaun on my shoulder. Right doctor?

~Yes. Muahahahahahahahaha!!!~

^But he is one of the others!!!^

Is he? Oh yeah, squiggly-speech guy. What's your name, anyway?

~(whispers) Damn, I didn't think this through.~

Hello?

~Oh, um, yes. My name is, uh, well, The Dark Lord. You see, your subconscious assigned us names according to what part of your personality we represent. I am evil, Steve is the annoying Yu-Gi-Oh Abridged fan, after the name Marik can cantrol. The others will introduce themselves in due course.~

What?

{{: 

10/10, top story on animepee fo sho.

}}

Thanks! You inspired me to keep typing up this story! Look out, pinned stories!

*006*2011-09-06 10:27

{{: 

Wow, im extremely new to this site and this is like one of the first things i read, and this is great, i dont even have words to describe this, anyways i cant wait to read more

}}

Skye, I'm even newer. I recall seeing your name on posts somewhere, I think on Wet Note. I encourage you and every one else to post comments for me, give me inspiration, and above all, try out your own writing skills. I tried, you liked me, others liked me, and now I have a part-time job writing meaningless fanfics for no pay.

+You are paid in mind, and soul.+

Shut up Steve! Since when did you go all spiritual?

+I am not Steve. Notice how I talk in pluses. My name is John Paul. I represent your spiritual side.+

Is that why you have a name like a Pope?

+Oh shut up.+

*007*2011-09-06 11:44

I'm working on chapter two now guys, and I'll be finished quite soon, a week absolutely, pessimistically tops.

^No you're not, you're writing to your online boyfriends on Animepee.me. Hell, I am too right now!^

OK, who wants me to kill Steve?

+To kill Steve would be to kill part of yourself.+

Shut up, John Paul, you're both parts of me I could live without.

^Eeep!^

+Eeep!+

*008*2011-09-12 10:51

How time flies. It's not ready yet. Go home. It's taking longer because:

A. It's going to be a lot longer than the last one.

B. I don't have much time to work on it.

C. There isn't a reason C. Get a life.

D. Are you still here?

E. No, really.

F. Oh yeah, and Steve keeps butting in.

^He's right, I am.^

Since when do you agree with me?

^Since I started - um - wait, I know this one, uh... Pass?^

Sorry, the answer was "Pineapple". Better luck next time!

*011*2011-09-13 10:23

We can discuss my sanity until the cows come home. I just used my slight madness, effective writing skills and reliable contact with my inner child to create a device to endear myself to you all, share some of my humour, and gain attention to further myself on this site.

You may, of course, choose to ignore this fact and believe that I do have several entities living inside my head, and that I have difficulty controlling them. Hell, I already do! It's fun!

Satisfied, Ranpalan? That's the problem with psychology. Some people don't fit into the system. (Like me)

^Your line, by the way, Ranpalan, is "Touché"^

Too right, Steve.

*012*2011-09-15 13:44

I wrote some more! Whoop-de-doo! ＼(^o^)／Just so you all know, knowing a bit about Pokémon will help you understand some things in this chapter and others to come. I also feature Dawn as a young(er) girl, aged 6. Just a heads up. No-one will read this top bit anyway.

Chapter Two - Whaaaaaaaat!!??

“She's coming to.”

“Dawn! Are you OK?!”

“Wha-What happened?” Dawn asked, as woke up, gently rubbing her bruised head.

“Team Rocket,” Brock replied. “They hit you quite hard. You flew into the tree you're propped against."

As some more senses returned, she looked behind her and saw a rather blurry tree. She rubbed her eyes to clear her vision. It didn't work. Relying on touch, she felt for her hat, which had fallen off, and noticed how warm her lap felt.

“Dawn, we have some good news, and some, er, bad news,” Ash told her.

“What is it?” she asked.

“Well, the good news is that Team Rocket is gone, everyone is safe, and you've only been out 10 minutes,” Brock replied.

“And the bad news...?”

Ash and Brock both looked at each other, wondering how to put it. They even tossed a coin. Ash lost.

“Come on, spit it out!”

“Well,” Ash began, “uh, you see, er, well, your skirt kinda tore off,” he finished, rather quietly.

“Whaaaaaaaat?!!” she shouted, not really as a question, but still deserving of a question mark. She completely forgot the feeling in her lap, and looked down, and saw that the pink she thought was her skirt through her blurry vision and mind, was in fact the wrong shape. They were, in fact, her panties.

“Why would this - oh yeah, the rock, that ripping noise...” she said, remembering her flight as she saw a blurred pink shape snagged on the blurred corner of a blurred rocky-grey shape. “Could this be any worse?” she asked, rhetorically.

Cue irony.

“Well, actually...”

“What is it? What? What??!!”

“To be completely honest, um, you, uhhhhh...” Ash stalled briefly, before finishing very quietly and rapidly: “You peed yourself.” He waited for the inevitable blast of searing rage.

...

.....

.....

^Seriously, get on with it.^

Hey! Who said you could talk in my stories, Steve?! And besides, the silence lasts eight more seconds. Oh, wait! Time!

Dawn finally came to grips with what had been said.

“WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?!!!!!!!!!” Her senses were cleared instantaneously.

Ash and Brock couldn't reply because they had to go to the hospital due to burst eardrums. Well, not really.

Ash and Brock looked uneasily at each other, while Dawn looked down at her panties, horrified at the size of the stain and finally aware of what the warm feeling in her lap was.

“How could this situation be any more embarrassing?” she sobbed, her anger leaving her far more swiftly than it had come, her face instantly flushing a deep crimson.

“You could be topless,” Ash smiled weakly. His terrible joke made Dawn laugh even less than my readers; who probably laughed negatively, despite this being impossible and not making any sense.

Dawn jumped up, her anger reignited and grabbed Ash by the scruff of his shirt, which would have been serious if it weren't for the embarrassing features below her waist.

“Don't joke! I have nothing to change into, and nothing to hide my shame with! How am I meant to get to Eterna City, let alone walk through it, looking like this!?”

“I could give you my jacket to wrap around your waist,” Ash replied, suddenly helpful.

Dawn was surprised that Ash managed to focus on someone else's needs, for once (despite all those times he saved the world, all he actually cares about is the next major Pokémon battle).

“Ash! That's actually a decent idea! Thank you! Thank you!” she almost hugged him.

Ash took off his jacket, handed it to Dawn, and she wrapped it around her waist, tying the sleeves together. (Well, what did you expect the next line to be?)

Because most anime characters are so thin, the jacket wrapped around her completely and covered her shame, and even extended to her knees, whereas her original skirt extended to, um, half-way up her thighs. (No seriously, search for her on Google images, it covers NOTHING!)

Dawn did a quick twirl, to make sure she wasn't showing anything. Satisfied, she calmed down completely, and began to think.

(Oh by the way, if a mod reads this, could they italicize (or whatever the word is) everything written "like this" in my stories? I'm typing on an IPod Touch)

"Why would this happen? I haven't wet myself in 4 years! And that was really scary!" Dawn thought. "Speaking of which," she continued to think, "now would be a great time to give me a bit of backstory."

"Cue Opportune Flashback"

Dawn was 6 years old, and wore the same skirt as she did at 10, but, since she was shorter (and for the sake of the story, man did she grow since then), it passed her knees slightly. (I'm not sure what tense I'm writing in here)

She also wore a pink shirt, which had a Luvdisc print, instead of a real-world heart print.

She had been playing hide and seek with her older brother (Yeah, I suddenly invented a character. The actual series gets away with it! Where's he been in the episodes leading up to this time period? I dunno, he died in an accident involving Magikarp. Lots and lots of Magikarp.) and some of his friends (same accident).

She was hiding in the trees at Lake Verity, and had been for about five minutes. She had to pee a bit but didn't want to give away her hiding place. The need gradually increased over the next 5 minutes, but she still didn't want to give herself away, even though everyone else had been found already. Dawn could see her brother and his friends looking around, and heading in her general direction. She decided to head further into the woods, so that she wouldn't be seen.

She ran for several minutes, and after a while began to grip herself through her skirt. Her bladder was almost full to bursting point, but she kept running, enjoying the sounds of her brother and Co. calling her name in the near distance.

Dawn had come to a small clearing before she decided that she should probably take a pee. Little did she know that she had blundered into something's territory, and that something didn't appreciate the intrusion.

Dawn looked around to make sure none of the boys had followed her, then reached for her skirt...

Suddenly an Ariados sprang from its hiding place, and landed right in front of Dawn, hissing as it shot a web-like gunk at her.

Luckily, Dawn was so frightened of Bug-Type Pokémon, that she fell over backwards at the Ariados's appearance. Still very territorial, the spider Pokémon, jumped onto her chest, and bared its fangs at her.

Dawn felt all the warmth in her body begin to exit her via her bladder. She leapt up immediately, and ran out of the clearing, screaming as she did so, since she no longer cared if she was found or not.

As she ran, she realized what I had just wrote in the above paragraph, and lifted up her skirt and saw that her usually plain, white underwear had a large, and growing, yellowish damp patch. Dawn was wetting herself like a, er, little girl, which she was.

Dawn noticed how wonderful and warm her panties felt, and it actually calmed her briefly. Nonetheless, the bliss of relief quickly dissolved into shame and embarrassment, despite the fact that no-one had witnessed her accident.

Dawn let her skirt fall, and began walking home, as tears began to well up in her eyes, the trauma of the incident catching up to her.

By the time she was home, her soggy underwear had become rather cold. When she saw her mother, she ran towards her, still crying. Her mother treated her with the utmost care an sympathy, and Dawn began to feel better about that day, but the event still occurred in her nightmares.

"Back to the present"

“Hey Dawn! Earth to Dawn! Hey, are you in there?”

“Wha...?”

Ash continued to snap his fingers in front of Dawn's face, and she left her oddly realistic flashback. She blamed it on me writing in new memories for her.

“Uh, yeah, I'm here! Let's go!” Dawn finally exclaimed, and they continued walking through Eterna Forest.

^(( _ _ ))..zzzZZ^

Oh, ha ha, Steve. Very mature.

^Don't blame me! You just suck at writing! That ending sucked!^

Meh, we'll let the viewers decide that. Did I say viewers? I meant viewers. Wait, no... Meh, you know what I mean. Comments and criticisms please! (And Ranpalan, you're taking far too long to devise a witty reply. Hurry up! My mental health must be discussed further!)

*014*2011-09-16 10:32

{{: 

WOO MENTALLY INSANE PEOPLE FTW!!!! Oh and the story was well put together and was definitely enjoyed my me. Wetting description could use a bit more work but humor is 10/10.

}}

Thanks, I'll take that into consideration.

^No you won't, because I'm writing Chapter 3!^

Oh s**t! God help us all!

*015*2011-09-20 03:53

Still no sign of our friendly neighborhood spiderman - I mean moderator, Ranpalan, making a witty comeback. Take that, Psychology!

*017*2011-09-28 10:01

We're working on the third chapter now, and I might also post the story on another site, just to keep the reviews flooding in (yeah right).

^No, your writing to your online boyfriends at... I said that before, didn't I? Anyway, it's still true.^

I thought you said YOU were writing the next chapter.

^I am, but, uhhh... Shut up!!!!!^

*020*2011-11-10 10:00

Don't encourage him!!! You don't know what he could do if enough people say: "I do believe in Steve!" Ohshit.

