Cobra Kai Omorashi - Sam’s Desperate lesson

Author: theperson2052

*000*2022-02-20 06:22

Hey everyone. Just wrote this story at 1 am hopefully it doesn’t suck. This is the second time posting it because I posted it in the wrong section. Hopefully you see this after the mods take down the first version.

“Today everyone will be painting the fence as part of you training fo the all valley”. Sam’s dad said said to the miyagi-do students.

Everyone groaned when the heard this. Sam didn’t though. She was used to this sort of training. The sensei being her father and all.

Sam had a looming problem on her mind. Her bladder. Recently Sam had a few desperate moments. Some even ending in leakage.

Right now Sam was starting to feel the affects of the liquid she drank prior to her lessons.

When ever her dad had a lesson like this it usually took up the better part of a day. Sams bladder in the state that it was in could last another 3.

“Sam what are you waiting for?” Her dad asked her.

“Sorry”. Sam said as she grabbed her paint brush and walked over to the fence. Sam realized how long painting the fence would take. And almost simultaneously she felt a ping in her bladder which made her snap back to reality.

“I can’t leak like I did last time.” (Last time referring to the last time she was desperate) “Not infront of my dad.” Sam thought to herself.

The last time Sam leaked was last week. She had to get to a class. She didn’t have enough time to use the bathroom because she had a test.

Sam not wanting to be late skipped out on the bathroom. Much to her bladders horror.

When she was halfway done the class she was busting for the bathroom. She new she wouldn’t make the extra 30 minutes.

But sam had an idea. “What if I leaked a little on purpose to release some pressure?” She thought.

She was contemplating her idea for around 5 minutes before realizing it was her only option.

So Sam let her bladder go. Only a little. Or that’s what she tried to do. It was hard for to stop. By the time she did her panties where soaked. Luckily nothing showed through her pants.

“Oh my gosh that was the worst thing that ever happened in my life.” Sam thought recollecting the desperate events.

It had already been two hours of them painting the fence. Sams bladder felt like it was going to explode she had to pee so bad.

Every time no one was looking at her she gave her crotch a tight squeeze.

“I’m like a little girl squeezing my crotch! But man does it feel good...” she thought to herself while painting.

“I wonder if I ask my dad to go to the bathroom if would say yes-“ Sam was thinking when she was interrupted.

“Do you have to go to the bathroom?” Sams dad asked. “I saw you squeezing your... y’know”

“Dad! No I don’t.” Sam said.

“Ok.” He said walking away

The truth is, Sam had already had a few drips escape. Though that barely even made her panties wet.

“Now I can’t go! My dad will think I’m a baby!” Sam thought in a panic. She was getting moredesperate. Now Sam was bending over and bouncing, pretending like she needed to for painting the fence.

“Ok everyone, I think that we are going to need to finish this tomorrow.” Sams dad said to them.

“Oh my god this is a miracle” sam thought as shewas walking quickly out of the the dojo. She wouldhave burst if she spent 2 more minutes painting the fence.

“Sam, can you come back here.” Her dad said. Sam almost peed right on the spot hearing that.

“What does he want?” She thought waking back into the dojo and towards him.

“Sam what was all that back there with the bouncing and the holding?” He said to Sam.

“I had to pee. And I didn’t want to ask because you would think is a little girl.” Sam said in an embarrassed tone as her cheeks turned red.

“Sweetie I would never do that just because you asked to go to the bathroom.” Her dad said.

Sams bladder couldn’t take it anymore. Her bladder let get and the pee she was holding for 5 hours released. The pee soaked her panties then spread down her legs in a v shape. The warm wetness was sticking her karate outfit to her legs, tinting the perfect white with a yellow stain. Some of the pee didn’t reach the pants and instead went down to her feet and onto the wood floor of the dojo ground creating a small yellow puddle on the bright floor of the dojo.

Sam looked up at her dad with her face bright red and pants soaked.

“I was waiting for that to happen.”her dad said with an awkward smile on his face. “I hate it when I’m right”

“Dad I’m so sorry.” Sam said on the verge of tears.

“Don’t worry. Lets get you home with a new pair of pants and underwear.”

Sam just smiled as they walked towards their car.

*002*2022-02-20 18:39

If enough people want it I’ll do it.

*004*2022-02-21 04:07

{{3 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Cool, BTW do you plan on doing with Modern Family?

}}

I think I will eventually. I need to think of a plot first.

