She Didn't Make It To Her Snowpants On Time

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2025-05-31 19:35

This is a really short story but hope you find it fun.

She Didn't Make It To Her Snowpants On Time

Tina was a very beautiful girl, age 20, with blonde hair. Underneath her lovely exterior was a kinky side.

One winter day, she was sitting at her computer engaging on forums when she had to go to the bathroom. She ignored her bathroom needs at first, until she really needed to go.

So she stood up, but rather than run to the nearest bathroom, she ran to the closet containing her winter coat and snowpants. She grabbed her snowpants, which she had zipped up since washing them after her last wetting yesterday, and frantically tried to unzip them and put them on, but she had to pee so badly she couldn't hold them straight.

Eventually, she couldn't hold it any longer. She froze as her jeans grew warm and wet, spreading through her crotch and butt and flowing down her legs.

"Oh, man!" she said in dismay. More than anything else omo she loved wetting her snowpants, and she had hoped to do so again today, but she had put it off for too long.

Once she finished peeing, she hung her snowpants back up, cleaned up her puddle, and giggled to herself. Not only had she had a legitimate accident in her jeans - even if she had intended to wet them under her snowpants anyway - but there was also the irony that she didn't make it to putting MORE clothes on rather than taking them off as people normally would when they had to pee. It was too bad that she couldn't do it in her snowpants now, but oh well! She drank some soda and water and plopped her wet butt back onto her computer chair. She'd just stay in her wet pants, and when she had to pee again - this time not waiting until it was so urgent - she'd put her snowpants on, sit in the snow, and pee in them, just as she had done yesterday.

*002*2025-06-01 17:42

Chapter 2: She Made It To Her Snowpants On Time

Tina felt that familiar urge. It felt a bit harder to hold it in wet jeans, but she wanted to make sure the pee ended up in her snowpants this time. So she stood up, ran to her closet, and got her snowpants. Her need to pee wasn't as urgent as last time so she got her snowpants on easily. She then put her winter coat on, drank another bottle of soda, put on her winter boots, and went outside for a walk.

As she walked, her need to pee increased. The snowpants kept her wet jeans warm underneath.

When she reached the park, there was nobody there. By now she really needed to go. She sat in the snow to the side of the path, stopped trying to hold it, and blasted a power pee in her snowpants. She sighed of immense relief as the warm wetness spread through her snowpants, and steam came off of them, while a hissing noise could be heard and a pee smell reached her nostrils. After about a minute she finished peeing, and sat there in her wet snowpants, in absolute bliss.

After a few minutes, she stood up. By now her pee had soaked into her snowpants so there was barely any running down her legs. Her jeans were absolutely soaked underneath. She walked back to her house. She walked by a few people, and silently giggled to herself. They had no idea how wet she was.

Once she got home, she put her wet snowpants in the washing machine. But she left her wet jeans on for now. Maybe she could do one more snowpants wetting in her backyard before she washed her jeans.

*004*2025-06-01 18:06

{{1 minute ago, Snowpants said:

@The Dark Wolf

Thanks so much for chapter 2. Would love to know someone like Tina to wet my snowpants with.

Hey, maybe in Chapter 3 she could meet up with someone and they could enjoy wetting snowpants together?

}}

Maybe. Do you want that someone to be male or female? Do you want that someone to resemble you?

*006*2025-06-01 21:44

{{1 hour ago, Snowpants said:

@The Dark Wolf

Male would be great for me (and maybe Tina would life that too). He doesn't have to resemble new but I would like to see that.

}}

Can I have him introduce himself as Snowpants or Wet Snowpants or something?

*008*2025-06-01 23:30

Chapter 3: Double Snowpants Wetting

Sssssssssss...

"Ahhhhhhhhhh..."

Tina sighed of relief and pleasure as she wet her snowpants again, steam coming off of them. As she was about halfway done, she turned her head and let out a little squeal.

A man stood close by, one whom she'd often see in the park in the other seasons. He was also wearing a winter coat and snowpants, and was watching her intently. He had always seemed friendly enough, but now he had accidentally walked in on her peeing herself.

Tina's stream grew stronger, and she was aware of the pee sound and the steam. "This isn't what it looks like!" she said, blushing beet red.

"Looks like it to me," the man said. "And I should know because..." He sat in the snow, and soon another hissing noise was heard as steam came off of his snowpants.

Tina's embarrassment quickly turned into excitement. Here was someone else who loved wetting his snowpants. She found that really attractive. "Ooh, you like peeing your snowpants too?"

"Yep," he said. "You can call me Snowpants for now."

"Hi Snowpants. I'm Tina. It's really nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you. I never thought I'd meet a girl into snowpants wettings."

"I didn't think I'd meet someone else into it. I love the warm wetness, the fact that it doesn't show wetness outside but you know what you just did under there, how you can walk by other people without them knowing you're wet, the steam coming off... All of it!"

"I feel the same. Snowpants wettings are the best!"

"How about tomorrow if it's not too cold out we come here and do a snowpants wetting together?"

"Sure. What time works good for you?"

"How about 11:00?"

"Sounds good."

...

The next day at 11:00, Tina and Snowpants sat in the snow with full bladders.

"Let's go on three," said Tina.

"One, two, three," said Snowpants.

Ssssssssssssssss...

Tina and Snowpants sighed in unison as steam came off of their snowpants.

*011*2025-06-04 21:11

Chapter 4: Splash Pants

Tina looked out the window at the melting snow of spring. She was always a bit disappointed when winter ended, it meant that there would be no more snowpants wettings, at least not in the snow, she could still do it in the bathroom if she wanted. However, there was something else that was almost as fun, and early spring and rainy days were the best times to do it.

Once she started feeling an urge to pee, she put on a pair of adult-sized splash pants over top of her jeans, then walked outside to a big puddle near her house, and splashed about in the puddles. It was common knowledge that she was playful, it was just the omo side of her that only Snowpants knew about.

As she kept jumping up and down in the big puddle, her splash pants got soaked on the outside, but her jeans stayed dry. Not that she minded getting them wet, of course. Sometimes after a wetting she'd shower in them.

Once she'd had her fun splashing, she sat down in the puddle. She looked around to make sure no one was within earshot, and let go in her splash pants. A loud hissing noise could be heard as her stream sprayed the inside of her splash pants through her jeans, and she sighed of relief and giggled.

Once she finished peeing, she sat there for about a minute before she got up, feeling the pee drip down her legs and into her rain boots, and returned to her house. Anyone she walked by thought her splash pants were just wet with water on the outside. They had no idea how wet they were with pee on the inside.

*013*2025-06-06 21:25

Chapter 5: Wetsuit

It was now summer. Other than rainy days there wasn't much cause to wear splash pants anymore (and on such days she would take the opportunity to splash and pee in them), but there was another outfit she found it fun to wet.

Tina was sitting on the beach, wearing a pink wetsuit, with black spandex shorts and a light purple T-shirt underneath. It was hot out, and she was sweating quite a bit under her wetsuit, so she drank lots of slushies that she got at a stand with money she brought with her. Of course, this wasn't the only reason she was drinking a lot of them.

Pretty soon, she had to pee. So, she stood up, walked off of the towel she was sitting on, and walked into the water and began swimming around. Being a wetsuit and not a drysuit, the water entered the suit and soaked her T-shirt and shorts underneath. She liked it this way. She had heard that it was normal for people to pee in their wetsuits, but she assumed this only meant underwater, and she had something a bit more kinky in mind.

After she was done swimming for now, she returned to shore and sat in the wet sand. As the waves came in, constantly splashing her lower half, she sighed of relief as she peed her wetsuit. She could feel the warm wetness spreading through her crotch and pooling under her butt, and giggled lightly at the hissing sound. Probably not a people peed their wetsuits on land. Unless they were as into omo as she was. Sometimes at the swimming pool she would pee in her main swimsuit (which resembled a light blue sports bra and shorts with a design on them), either in the shower if no one was around, or sitting on the toilet, and then shower and rinse herself off. Swimsuits were meant to get wet anyway so why not?

Once she finished peeing, she sat in her own pee for a minute or two, before she stood up. The pee flowed out of the leg holes and onto the wet sand, which was then swallowed up by the waves. It would be very difficult for anyone to see the pee, and even if they did, they'd just assume it was water stuck in her wetsuit from her swim and maybe the waves. There was also something fun about being soaking wet all over but her shorts and the inside of the lower half of her wetsuit were soaked with pee rather than just water, and no one knew. She'd be sure to tell Snowpants about this the next time she saw him. Tina grabbed her towel and walked back home.

...

The next day was a rainy day so not many people were at the beach. But Tina and Snowpants stood there, wearing snowpants over their jeans, and sweaters rather than winter coats. Tina had never wore her snowpants in the rain before, only the snow. Not many had seen them on their way here, and those who did, likely just thought "they like to walk in the rain" and paid the snowpants no mind. They had even passed a female jogger wearing a tank top and shorts, and a couple with an umbrella paid them little attention.

They went for a swim in their snowpants, which Tina found to be very fun because she had never done this before. Once they were done swimming, they sat on the wet sand in the pouring rain. There weren't as many waves today but it hardly mattered because of the rain. Their snowpants were soaked and so were their jeans underneath. They had drank quite a bit before meeting up so it wasn't long before they had to pee.

"I have go to to the bathroom!" said Tina.

"Me too," said Snowpants.

"Ready?" said Tina.

"I was born ready," said Snowpants.

A hissing noise was barely audible over the rain, and Tina and Snowpants sighed of relief and pleasure.

*015*2025-06-07 02:49

{{3 hours ago, Snowpants said:

@The Dark Wolf

I was not expecting the ending with Tina & Snowpants at the beach. What a great surprise. I have never gone swimming wearing my snowpants. I have worn them in the shower to rinse them off after peeing in them. They get very heavy so swimming could be dangerous I still think I would like to try it.

Thanks for keeping this going. I'm loving it. I hope others are too.

}}

I actually threw that in last second cause I thought it sounded fun (plus I knew you'd like it, keeping with the original theme of peeing in snowpants). And I'll say they didn't go in any deeper than neck level. I have also worn them in the shower after peeing in them.

Chapter 6: Pajamas

It was now fall. Tina didn't have many outfits for wetting associated with fall, so she'd mainly do her wettings in the bathroom.

One night, she dreamed that it was winter and she was looking for a place to sit in the snow and pee her snowpants, but there were always too many people around who would notice. She had heard people mention dreaming of trying to find a bathroom, and this looked like her equivalent to that, though at the time she wasn't aware that it was a dream. Eventually she found a clearing in some trees, sat in the snow, and peed.

Once she finished peeing, she woke up. She immediately felt her pink pajama pants. They were dry. She let out a little sigh. She was a bit disappointed that she didn't wet the bed. Although, it would be pretty embarrassing if she did wet the bed while at someone's house or a hotel.

Although her pants were dry, she still needed to pee. Badly. But she didn't feel like getting out of bed yet, it was only 5:00 in the morning, and she had a waterproof mattress protector. So, she peed her pajamas right there, sighing of relief and enjoying the warm wetness. Of course snowpants were her favorite to wet in and she was looking forward to winter, but this was still fun. Once she finished wetting her pajamas, she found a cozy position and went back to sleep for another hour.

