The Omorashi Guild

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2021-01-22 06:23

I was very reluctant to post this between it being a bigger story with a deeper plot and me being really shy about this stuff (even though I'm already comfortable saying on here that I wet for fun), as well as my stories having a history of being really stretchy or low quality.

My initial draft had some fantasy elements but I replaced them with sci-fi, and perhaps some unrealistic scenarios. Also the beginning can be a bit dark but it gets better.

Try not to take it too seriously (as with any of my stories), and If you don't like due to stretchiness, poor quality, etc., don't comment.

Actually, the only reason I'm posting this is I'm sure not a lot of people would really love it and it won't attract a whole lot of attention.

Any similarities to real life wetters is unintended. Though there will be a thinly veiled reference to someone we all know of.

If any comment gives me even one reason to delete this story I will. If it disappears, it's either because of a negative comment or because my shyness got the better of me.

The Omorashi Guild

Sunny was a beautiful girl in her early twenties with long blonde hair, and she liked to wear pretty dresses, tight jeans, and tight shorts.

Underneath her attractive exterior she had a dirty secret: She loved peeing herself. She wasn't sure why. It was really exciting for her and she liked the warm wetness combined with the relief. Whenever she woke up, she'd take her morning pee in her pajamas, and so she used waterproof mattress protection. She also usually watched movies or played games with protection on her couch so that whenever she needed to pee in the middle of it, she'd just let it out in her pants, shorts, or dress, whichever she was wearing at the time. She never did it in public though, she always made sure no one could see her.

One day, she decided to get a job at the horse races. Race horses were known for peeing a lot and for really long, which gave her a fascination in them. It wasn't as though she was expecting to have one pee on her, or even see one peeing, but she wanted to do something with her favorite type of horse all the same.

She walked up to the front door of Lightning Horse Races. She was wearing a white tank top and a short, tight pair of jean shorts, with pink panties underneath. She walked to the desk. "Hi. I'm Sunny. I'm here for a job interview?"

"Through that door and into the boss's office," said the receptionist. "You can't miss it."

Sunny could barely contain herself as she walked through the door that the receptionist had pointed out. She was this close to getting a job with race horses. It was all she could do to keep from wetting herself with excitement. She didn't want to humiliate herself at a job interview like this.

It didn't take her long to locate the boss's room, which had a big flashy sign saying "Lightning, Manager of Lightning Horse Races" on it. She knocked on the door.

"Come in," came a female voice.

Sunny entered the office. Sitting at the desk was an attractive athletic-looking girl with neck-length blonde hair, and wearing short, skintight, cyan spandex shorts and a matching sports bra. Sunny got the impression she ran quite a few races herself. (AN: I based her a bit off of Lightning Dust from My Little Pony. Original draft had her as a talking horse named Lightning Wind)

Sunny took a deep breath and walked over to Lightning. "Hi. I'm Sunny, I'm here for the job interview."

"You came to the right place. I'm Lightning, the manager. I raised each of these fine race horses."

"I'm a really big fan of race horses and it's an honor to meet you," said Sunny, walking over to her. "I really hope I get this job."

"First things first," said Lightning. She took a scanning device, pointed it at Sunny, and activated it. It started beeping like crazy. "Ugh! Not another one!"

"Not another what?" Sunny asked, a little nervous.

"According to my Omo Detector, you have an omorashi fetish!"

Sunny blushed. "What?"

"Omorashi, the fetish for wetting oneself, or watching others do so. The former, in your case."

Sunny's face grew redder. "No one was supposed to know about that..."

"A girl as dirty as you has no place in this track."

"But... with all due respect... don't race horses pee a lot?"

"There's a difference between raising animals that pee a lot and going to the bathroom on yourself."

"I won't do it in front of you. I only do it in private, because I like to keep it to myself..."

Lightning picked up a gun. For a moment Sunny was terrified that she was going to kill her. But when Lightning pulled the trigger, instead of a bullet, a dart shot out and hit Sunny in the neck. Sunny fell on her butt. She tried to get up but she couldn't move.

"Paralyzing dart," said Lightning. "It'll wear off in about a half hour. I just don't need you resisting me when I lock you up." She walked behind Sunny, reached into her shorts, grabbed her pink panties, and walked backward out of her office, taking Sunny with her. Sunny blushed with embarrassment as Lightning dragged her by her underwear into a stable-looking area. It was full of cages that were just big enough for a horse or human.

"You, open this cage and lock this wetter in!" Lightning ordered a guard.

The guard opened the cage, and Lightning threw Sunny into it. The guard closed it and locked it.

"You will spend the rest of your life in there drinking only water with whatever nutrients will prolong your miserable life," said Lightning. "And don't even complain about there being no bathroom. You like wetting yourself, remember? Go ahead and pee all you want, so we can be reminded what you are and why you deserve to be here! And don't think any of my horses are going to pee on you. I know you'd enjoy that too much, and my horses are above such disgusting behavior." Lightning turned around and strutted out the door.

Sunny sat in her cage for two weeks, drinking from water bowls the guards brought her. As Lightning pointed out, there was no bathroom, so she peed in her shorts several times a day. She was at least able to take some level of comfort in this, but she couldn't fully enjoy it. She was the prisoner of a very fierce kinkshamer.

...

One day, she was sitting with her arms around her knees. She was wet, dirty, smelly, and bored out of her skull. She felt an urge to pee, so she just let it all out in her shorts. By now she couldn't even take any pleasure in it, given her current position. Lightning's words still stung her. Was she really a bad person for taking pleasure in wetting herself?

Suddenly, a smoke grenade was thrown into the room, engulfing the guard in a cloud of smoke. Some fighting noises were heard, then three people in masks and skintight black bodysuits walked out of the smoke. When the smoke cleared, the guard lay unconscious.

"They've imprisoned another one, I see," said one of the figures in a male voice.

"Don't worry, you're safe now," said the second figure in a female voice.

The third figure, who also appeared to be male, picked the lock on Sunny's cage and opened it. He put Sunny over their shoulder and they ran.

They got to a regular-looking car in the parking lot, got in, and the first man drove them away.

"I don't know who you are, but thanks," said Sunny. "I thought I'd never get out of there." She looked down at her filthy, wet shorts, and blushed. "I'm really sorry about the state I'm in."

"It's all right," said the second man, who sat in the back seat with her. "Anyone would wet themselves and smell bad in your position. Besides, we're the opposite of them. To us, wetting is awesome."

"Really?"

The man removed his mask. "We're part of the Omorashi Guild. Everyone here loves wetting ourselves. Some of our own we've rescued from there. We know Lightning by reputation and she's one of the worst kinkshamers there is."

"She doesn't realize it's all just some harmless fun," said the woman. "I hope her words didn't get to you. If you want to wet yourself for fun, there's nothing wrong with that."

Sunny blushed lightly but smiled. It felt so good to hear someone say that after how Lightning had reacted.

"We'll bring her down someday," said the driver. "But we have bigger fish to fry."

"Bigger than a kinkshamer?"

"Our leaders will brief you."

They drove to a fancy-looking building in the middle of nowhere and entered. The first room had a thin hall with what looked like two metal detectors at the airport in the middle of it.

"What are those for?" Sunny asked.

"As Lightning has an Omo Detector, these detect people who are not welcome here," said the driver. "One of these detects kinkshamers, and the other detects creeps who abuse their fetish."

Sunny walked through both detectors, which remained silent.

"Congratulations," said the driver. "You're one of us."

"You're in," said the woman. Sunny giggled because this sounded like "Urine".

They went through the door on the other side of the detectors. As they walked through the next room, Sunny looked around in amazement. There were many men and women in here, of various ages and sizes. And many of them were wearing wet pants, shorts, or dresses. Some were even just in their underwear, which was also wet. A few of the men were among those wearing dresses. The place was also full of a pee smell that was noticeable over her own stench. Sunny felt very at home here, among other people who loved to wet themselves.

"Hey Tara," said the driver to a woman in wet jeans.

"Hey Nick," said Tara. She sniffed, and recoiled. Sunny was sure she was reacting to her smell, but all she said was "Another prisoner of Lightning Horse Races?"

"You know it," said Nick. "Before we introduce her to the bosses, I have to go to the bathroom." Nick wet his bodysuit, and so did his partners, sighing of relief. Sunny was very excited to see this. Then the three of them escorted Sunny into a room.

On a couch sat two people. One was a pretty brunette woman wearing a white dress that was stained with pee. The other was a blonde-haired man wearing a suit that also looked like it had been peed in.

"We rescued another Omorashi lover from Lightning Horse Races," said Nick.

"Oh, that horrible woman," said the woman in the white dress. "After our current objective, she's next."

"Most definitely," said the man in the suit. "Now, it's time for introductions. I am Brad, one of the two leaders of the Omorashi Guild."

"And I'm Stella, his wife, and the other leader of the Omorashi Guild," said the woman in the white dress.

"Hi," said Sunny. "It's really nice to meet you. My name's Sunny, and I'm sorry about the smell. She locked me up for two weeks."

"That's all right," said Stella. "I'll have a nice bubble bath prepared for you. You can take it in your dirty outfit if you like."

"That sounds like fun. But what did you say about our current objective?"

"Some of us are just here to relax and have fun with omo," said Brad. "And that's perfectly fine. But some of us are on a mission to take down someone worse than Lightning."

"Who could be worse?"

"The Omorashi Illuminati. It's led by this man." Brad pressed a button and a picture of a sinister-looking man with dark hair, a thin mustache, and a monocle appeared on the screen. "John Kilgrave. He and his people have a thing for omorashi too, except what they do is far from harmless. They force people to wet themselves. They plant teachers in schools who don't let kids go to the bathroom. This not only results in many accidents, and students being unable to focus on the classes trying to hold it in, but some people today still have permanent bladder damage, and in some cases, are incontinent."

"Some people today...? How long have these guys been around for?"

"Decades. They also pull some strings in workplaces so that people can't go to the bathroom while working shifts as long as 12 hours, resulting in more accidents and humiliation, as well as hindering their work. Sometimes on days people would often stop at gas stations for bathroom breaks, they sabotage the toilets to keep people from using them. They cause traffic jams that result in more wettings, and they bribed President Ronald Crump to make it a capital crime to pull down your pants in public and pee in an emergency."

"The penalty is death," said Stella.

"Oh... Should I even love wetting as much as-" began Sunny.

"Of course you should," said Stella. "If it interests you, it's perfectly harmless as long as you're not hurting anyone. It's like the difference between consensual sex and rape. The Omorashi Guild is the harmless fun side. The Omorashi Illuminati is the bad, harmful, perverted side." She peed in her dress yet again. "And if you disagree with their actions, you are definitely one of us."

"Don't worry about them right now," said Brad. "Right now relax. Get cleaned up. Get to know some of the people here."

"I will, and thank you again," said Sunny. She exited the room and walked around the base. Although everyone she crossed paths with noticed her smell, they did not seem disgusted and were very friendly towards her.

There was one man she thought was particularly cute. He had neck-length dark hair and wore a pair of dark blue gym shorts that had been peed in multiple times. She walked over to him.

"Hi, new girl," he said. "I'm Kyle."

"I'm Sunny," she said, shaking his hand.

Kyle sniffed. "How long was she holding you?"

Sunny giggled lightly. "Two weeks."

"So, what's your favorite outfit to wet?"

"Just about everything. Jean shorts, skintight shorts, jeans, dresses, pajama pants... Sometimes in winter when I'm playing in the snow, I just sit in a snowbank and pee in my snow pants. Usually with jeans or leggings underneath. It just feels so good, and it's so convenient to be able to pee without it showing wetness. And it's really exciting walking around in wet pants without anyone noticing. I can't describe the feeling I get from it..."

"You don't have to," said Kyle. "We all feel that way."

"Do you have any outfits you like to wet besides those shorts?"

"I have a skintight pair of long black athletic shorts. Also jeans. And sometimes just my underwear."

"I like you already." She blushed and giggled cutely.

"I like you too," said Kyle. "Even if you smell."

"Well, I'm gonna be taking a bath soon, but this definitely won't be the only time I wet my shorts in-" She paused as she noticed a white horse with a yellow mane and tail. "Who's the horse?"

"That's Surprise. She's a race horse who used to run for Lightning Horse Races. When Lightning locked Stephanie up for her omo fetish, Surprise didn't take kindly to it. She peed all over Lightning. You can imagine how that turned out. She locked her up with Stephanie until some of us rescued them both, and here they are."

"Ooh! I love race horses! I hope this doesn't sound too weird, but does she like to... pee on people? Who didn't offend her, I mean?"

"That's why she's here. Stephanie can understand her very well. She loves peeing on people, but only with their consent, or if they offend her. They were there for each other the whole week they were locked up, and were able to make it a bit better by having Surprise pee on Stephanie until they were rescued. Maybe you'd like to meet her?"

"I'd love to. It was really nice to meet you, Kyle."

"It was nice to meet you too."

Sunny ran towards Surprise as fast as she could. Standing next to her was a girl with blonde hair in a ponytail and a wet pair of skintight jodhpurs. Sunny was pretty sure this was Stephanie. "Hi. I'm Sunny, and I want to say, I LOVE race horses."

"Hi," said Stephanie, shaking Sunny's hand. "I'm Stephanie, and this is Surprise. We go back a long way."

"Yeah, Kyle told me. So, your horse loves peeing on people?"

"All you have to do is tell her to and she will. Provided her bladder's not empty."

Sunny squealed with excitement and peed in her stinky shorts. "My interest in race horses comes from how much they pee! Obviously I wasn't expecting it at the racetrack, but it's always been a fantasy of mine to be peed on by a race horse." She blushed lightly.

Surprise sniffed Sunny.

"Sorry about the smell," said Sunny.

"It's all right," said Stephanie. "I didn't smell much better when I was rescued from Lightning Horse Races. Now, if you want Surprise to pee on you, sit down and tell her."

Sunny sat down in her puddle, her heart beating rapidly. "Pee on me," she said.

Surprise stood beside her, lifted her leg, and blasted a mighty stream all over Sunny. Sunny thoroughly enjoyed the warm pee drenching her from head to toe as it sprayed her relentlessly. Surprise seemed to be enjoying herself as much as her.

"Someone's having fun," said Kyle. A few other people stood by to watch. Some of them loved seeing horses peeing on people.

Surprise peed for over three minutes before she stopped, sighing of relief.

"Did you like that?" Stephanie asked.

Sunny sat in a massive puddle of horse pee. She was dripping wet and now smelled more of urine than body odor. There wasn't a single dry spot on her. And she had never been more excited in her life. "I loved it! You have to do that again sometime!"

"Don't worry, she will! If you want, and if she hasn't just peed on someone else first."

A dark-haired girl in a wet pair of skintight black shorts walked up to her. "Your bath's ready," she said.

"I'm almost not sure I need one," said Sunny, still sitting in the puddle.

"You will want to be clean before you go back home next. I'm sure you don't want anyone outside of this guild catching you soaked in pee."

"Right." Sunny stood up. "Can I stay here for a while?"

"You can stay here and come back here as often as you want. You're one of us. We've got lots of beds if you ever want to sleep over. We've got TV's, computers, you can bring your movies, games, or game systems, anything. No one in this guild is going to pee on any of it. But you can pee in the bed or on the couches all you want. This is the Omorashi Guild so we don't even need protection."

"You'll be seeing me a lot then."

"And of course you can bring over whatever outfits you want to pee in. Also, Brad and Stella are multibillionaires. Anyone who joins the guild they pay a million dollars, even if they don't join the Anti-Illuminati movement."

"Really?"

"They're very generous, and plus some of us are outcasts and live here. And they make it look like you won a prize, to protect your privacy. Plus, the Omorashi Illuminati doesn't know about us and it's better if it stayed that way."

"What happens if someone from them tries to join? I know you've got the detectors, but then they'll know where we are."

"If that happens, we tranq them, drive them away, and use advanced technology to erase their memories of the past hour."

They entered one of the bathrooms. The bathtub was full of soapy water.

Sunny climbed into the tub, still in her wet, smelly ouftit. As she started to wash herself with soap, she noticed a toilet in the corner. "What's the toilet for?"

"None of us except Tiffany are into messing."

"Right. I'm Sunny. What's your name?"

"Fiona."

Kyle poked his head in the door. "Is it all right if I come in?"

"Sure," said Sunny.

Kyle walked in. "You look real cute taking a bath fully clothed, just as you looked real cute wetting yourself and getting peed on by a horse."

Sunny giggled. "Thanks, Kyle. You look real cute in peed in shorts, too." Bubbles appeared in the water around her. She blushed and giggled nervously.

"You look real cute doing that too," said Kyle with a smile.

Sunny also smiled, still blushing lightly.

Once she was sure her top half was clean, Sunny positioned herself with her butt in the air. "Does anyone want to wash my tushie?"

"I'll do it!" Kyle took the soap and bath scrubber, accidentally pouring a bigger dollop of soap on Sunny's butt than he intended, out of excitement. But Sunny didn't mind. She took pleasure in Kyle scrubbing her rear end vigorously with soap, coating her smelly shorts in suds, until they smelled only of soap.

...

Once Sunny was out of the bath, Fiona blow dried her, then she spent the rest of the day hanging around the base.

"I can wet my shorts again, right?" she asked.

"Of course," said Kyle. "You can just rinse off in the showers and dry off before you go anywhere. It had to be a full bath this time because... you REALLY needed it."

"Yes, I did smell rather unpleasant." She let go and peed in her shorts, sighing of relief. She did feel a bit daring doing this in front of someone, as she wasn't used to it yet, but she did feel comfortable with it here.

...

Sunny spent a lot of time at the base. True to Fiona's word, Brad and Stella paid her a million tax-free dollars. There were times she returned home, but she really loved it with the guild.

After a week, Sunny remembered something, and walked into Brad and Stella's office.

"Hello, Sunny," said Stella, who was in the middle of peeing her stained dress.

"Hi," said Sunny. "I've come to tell you something."

"What is it?" asked Brad.

"First, I have to go to the bathroom." She held herself and did the pee dance. But it was mostly for show, she knew what the response would be.

"Then just go," said Brad.

Sunny relaxed and wet her shorts yet again. "Ahhhhhh..." She loved the warm wetness spreading through her crotch and flowing down her legs.

Once Sunny finished peeing, Stella said "What is it you wanted to ask?"

"Can I join the mission to take down the Omorashi Illuminati? I'm a pretty good athlete and I play a lot of stealth games so I got the general idea."

"That sounds promising," said Stella.

"We'll put you through some exercises to train you and see if you have what it takes," said Brad. "And if not, you can still enjoy being a guild member even if you can't go up against the Illuminati." He re-wet his pants.

"Sounds good."

...

Sunny's action instructor was Sally, a beautiful, fit, athletic woman with dark hair who wore dark blue skintight shorts and a matching sports bra.

"Now, remember," Sally said to Sunny and three other female students. "No bathroom breaks unless you have to go number two. If you have to pee, go in your shorts!"

Sunny and the other girls giggled, knowing Sally was saying this because they all liked peeing themselves, then put on their serious faces.

Sunny was pretty good at the different moves she was instructed to do. A few of them took a bit of getting used to, but she mastered it. Because of all the exercise, the girls all had to drink lots of water to stay hydrated. So, they had to pee often during the lessons, and as Sally had instructed, they did it in their shorts. The other three girls were each wearing skintight black, pink, and red shorts. Sunny loved the convenience of not having to stop and use the bathroom, to just pee herself right here and not have to feel ashamed of it.

Once Sally was sure all the girls were ready, she showed them to an obstacle course they'd have to run. The girl in pink wet her shorts at the sight of it. Sunny couldn't tell if she was really intimidated by it or acting like she was out of love for wetting.

Sunny dominated the obstacle course and finished it first, though at the end she slipped and fell butt-first in a mud puddle.

"Despite the finish, you did great," said Sally. "And there won't be any mud at the Omorashi Illuminati's base. We're very close to discovering it." She peed in her shorts. "Ahhhh..."

...

After that Sunny did a stealth simulation course. A few of the tasks took a few tries but she did very good at it.

After a few more days of fun and relaxation, Brad and Stella made an announcement.

"We have located the Omorashi Illuminati base," said Brad. "We will be sending in our best people to infiltrate their base and obtain a thumb drive we believe lists the records of all their plans."

"Once you have it," said Stella, "bring it to us and we will give it to the right people and take the Omorashi Illuminati down."

Brad named off everyone who could go on the mission - including Sunny. She couldn't wait to get involved and defeat these horrible people.

Everyone involved, about half male and half female, were given skintight black full bodysuits and masks.

"Now remember," said Samuel Emmerich, the stealth instructor. "It may be tempting, but don't pee in those outfits unless you're sure no one will notice. When you get back you can pee in them."

"Yes sir," said Sunny.

"Now," said Sally. "We'll be going in through the sewers. That's our best chance of getting into the computer room."

Sunny thought it was poetic that an Omorashi guild was taking down a more sinister Omorashi organization by entering their headquarters through the sewers.

"According to the schematics we obtained, there is an air duct in the bathroom leading to the computer room. We can enter through there and get all the incriminating evidence."

They entered the sewer, and Sally led them down their path. Jane, the woman who had rescued Sunny with Nick and Bob, peed in her bodysuit on the way there. They climbed up a ladder and through a grate into a high-tech-looking building. But they used all their stealth skills they had learned to sneak through.

Sally led them into the nearest women's bathroom. Bob was in the process of opening the vent when a woman walked in. She was very pretty and posh-looking, with long dark hair, lipstick, and a short red dress. One of the Omorashi Illuminati. She took one look at the Omorashi Guild members. "Who are you?" she asked.

"We're plumbers fixing a broken pipe in here," said Sally.

"I don't recall Mr. Kilgrave sending for plumbers," said the woman.

Sally punched her in the face, knocking her out cold. As she toppled to the bathroom floor, a puddle grew under her as the crotch of her dress became very wet. Not only did Sunny love the sight of her peeing in her dress, but she thought, it was an ironic punishment for forcing humiliating pee accidents on people, and from how clean the place was, she was sure the Omorashi Illumati were not interested in wetting themselves, so this was sure to be humiliating for her when she came to.

Sally turned the woman on her back and lifted her dress, exposing her very wet black panties. She stuck a needle into her butt.

"What's that?" Sunny asked.

"A sedative," said Sally. "It'll keep her asleep long enough for us to do what we need." She put her skirt back down and laid her into position.

"What if someone else comes in and finds her?"

"They'll think she just barely didn't make it and either fainted or slipped on her puddle and hit her head. They'll probably be too turned on by her accident to think much of it."

Sunny could believe they'd think that. Sally climbed into the vent first, and Sunny and the others followed. As Sally led them down the path that the schematics said led to the computer room, she was momentarily distracted by voices coming from a nearby vent about halfway there. She and the others gathered around the vent to listen. Sunny, who was directly behind Sally, was close enough to see through the vent. Inside were John Kilgrave and several other men in suits and women in fancy dresses.

"So, Miss White," said Kilgrave. "You're in charge of sabotaging the toilets at the anime convention."

"Yes sir," said a woman with blonde hair who wore a long black dress. "You'll be the first to know how many wet anime costumes there are."

"Mr. Higgins," said Kilgrave. "The football finals in Chicago are tomorrow. Right when the game begins, sabotage all the stadium toilets and jam up all but one exit of the parking lot under some false construction pretexts just in case some people manage to hold it the entire game."

"As you wish," said a fat man with dark hair and a gray suit.

"Take Hank and Cynthia with you," said Kilgrave. "Hmmm... Cynthia sure has been in the bathroom for a while. She's probably taking a shit and clogged the toilet and is too embarrassed to show herself." He laughed, and so did all the other OI members.

Then a scientist entered the room. "The virus is ready, sir. Contagious and relatively low mortality rate, as you ordered. Those that live will be infected for two weeks."

"Excellent work, Dr. Corona," said Kilgrave. "Next week we shall release this virus. Once it becomes a pandemic, we shall use it as a pretext to make public bathrooms obsolete. Humiliating wettings galore! And President Crump is so gullible we might not even have to bribe him this time!" They all laughed again.

(AN: It should be obvious what this is a reference to. I don't think anyone actually manufactured covid-19 but I do suspect that someone is exploiting it to this end and it makes me mad, given that where I live public bathrooms are still open with hand sanitizer and safety instructions and we're still doing better than places that closed them down, indicating that keeping them open doesn't hurt and closing them definitely isn't helping, only causing wettings)

"What a bunch of sickos," whispered Sunny.

"Shhh," said Sally.

"Hey, I hear something," said Kilgrave.

"And I smell pee," said Miss White. Sunny was sure it was Jane's pee-soaked bodysuit she smelled.

"Is someone up there spying?" Kilgrave asked.

Sunny quickly made a neighing sound. She loved horses so much she knew how to imitate them perfectly.

"Just one of our race horses got up in the air duct again," said Kilgrave. "It probably peed up there too. Let's enjoy the smell of horse pee for a while. They usually find their way back to the stables, and if they don't? We can just get another one. Now, back to our plotting."

The guild members resumed crawling through the air ducts.

"Nice recovery," said Sally quietly once they were out of earshot of the conference room.

Sunny blushed lightly, though you couldn't see it under her mask. "I didn't know they had race horses here."

"They have them as a front for some of their operations. And sometimes they have their horses pee on people for fun."

They eventually reached another vent.

"This is it," said Sally. "And there doesn't seem to be anyone inside." She removed the vent and they entered the computer room.

Nick saw a thumb drive laying on the desk. He put it in the computer and examined the files. "This is it. Details of all their plans, their operations, even an exact count of wettings they caused." He closed the file and Sunny picked up the flash drive.

"We got it, now let's go!" said Sally quietly.

Suddenly the door opened, and in came a man with red hair and a tan suit. Another of the Omorashi Illuminati.

"What are you doing here?" he said. He reached for his radio.

Sunny knocked the radio out of his hand and kicked him in the head, knocking him out cold before he could alert anyone.

"Nice work, Sunny," said Sally.

"Can I pee on him?" Sunny asked, for she needed to go.

"As fun as that would be, we have to get out of here before anyone else finds us, or before they find this guy. Besides, peeing on him could wake him up."

Sunny thought she could just inject him with a sedative like Cynthia, but who was she to argue? They all entered the vent and made their way back to the bathroom. Cynthia was still unconscious, laying in her puddle. They sneaked back to the sewers and got out of the base before anyone else could notice them. As soon as they were safe in the sewers, Sunny let out a sigh of relief and peed her bodysuit.

...

"In a shocking turn of events, a sinister conspiracy has just been uncovered," said a news reporter. "The Omorashi Illuminati have been pulling strings in the shadows, forcing people to wet themselves, resulting in total humiliation and in some cases, bladder damage. This includes violating bathroom rights at schools and workplaces, causing traffic jams, and sabotaging gas station toilets. They have even been planning to manufacture a virus and cause a global pandemic to render public bathrooms obsolete, which would have killed a small percentage of the world's population and destroyed the economy.

Their leader, John Kilgrave, was arrested along with his top tier men and women. Kilgrave is looking at multiple life sentences, and was forced to wet his pants on the way to prison. Every Omorashi Illuminati member will spend the rest of their days in toilet-less prison cells that they themselves arranged, which are now reserved only for Omorashi Illuminati. President Ronald Crump was removed from office for taking bribes from the Omorashi Illuminati to forbid pulling one's pants down to pee outside in emergencies.

"What's truly remarkable is that the ones who exposed this sinister organization call themselves the Omorashi Guild. These people also have an Omorashi fetish, but despite this they were strongly opposed to the Omorashi Illuminati's actions, preferring only to engage in harmless activities that don't hurt anyone, including wetting themselves for fun. Their identities and base will be kept a secret, but this goes to show that just because someone has a weird fetish doesn't make them bad. The new president, Mike Amabo, has passed a law forbidding the discrimination against people with weird fetishes, as long as they stay harmless with it.

"It came to light that Lightning Wind, the owner of Lightning Horse Races, imprisoned would-be employees for their interest in wetting themselves. No names will be given, but she set an example for the penalty for this extreme kind of kinkshaming. She was placed in the stockade for two days, causing her to wet her racing shorts in front of her entire staff and all her race horses. She even messed herself. She was so embarrassed when it was over that she retired and moved to Australia. The new boss, Stephanie, fired anyone who didn't promise never to kinkshame again, and introduced her race horse, Surprise. She promised never to discriminate, or even detect people with the fetish. Today we make a step towards a brighter future."

"We did it," said Sunny, watching the report on TV, and wearing the outfit she had first entered the Omorashi Guild base in. "We beat them all."

"Congratulations," said Kyle, slapping Sunny's butt playfully.

Sunny giggled. "Even though I got a million dollars... I still want to work part time at the racetrack."

"If that's what you want to do."

"But of course I'll come back here a lot of the time."

Surprise came running up to them, pee dancing, with Stephanie riding her.

"Surprise just got back from a race," said Stephanie. "She has to pee like a race horse." She giggled a bit, since Surprise actually WAS a race horse. "I told her not to pee on me this time, because someone needs to be showered with a little more than just praise for helping us take down both our enemies. If you're up for it."

Sunny quickly sat down beside her and said "Pee on me." Surprise lifted her leg and peed all over Sunny. About one minute in, Sunny also started peeing, though you couldn't tell because she was already completely soaked.

She sat in the massive puddle for a few minutes before Kyle said "I heard you can whinny like a horse."

"It took a bit of practice." She got on all fours. "Would you like to ride me?"

Kyle answered by climbing on Sunny's back as though she was a horse.

"If you have to pee, you can do it right there." Sunny giggled and started walking on all fours.

Only about fifteen minutes in, Kyle peed his gym shorts. Sunny enjoyed the warm feeling of his pee soaking her back. She also liked it when Kyle occasionally swatted her rear end to make her move.

Another twenty minutes later or so, Sunny had to pee really badly from all the soda she drank before watching the news report. "I have to go to the bathroom," she said. She of course fully intended to pee herself but wanted to hear Kyle's response before she did.

"Then just go in your shorts," he said, patting Sunny's butt lightly.

Sunny lifted her leg and peed. Her stream passed through her already-wet shorts and made a puddle. She sighed in relief, enjoying the warm wetness and naughty feeling of peeing herself. She loved this place and she would always be a part of it.

The End

AN: You'll notice Kilgrave was named after the Jessica Jones character, whose mind control powers caused wettings I couldn't really enjoy despite being fiction. The air duct scene also drew inspiration from Final Fantasy VII and Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door.

*005*2021-07-11 07:55

{{4 hours ago, Thudmaster said:

Crump? I know your likely referencing the great orange cheeto but there was a fairly famous American politician with the last name Crump. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._H._Crump

He was considered to have been one of the most powerful politicians in Tennessee during the first half of the 20th century and he was rather infamous for political corruption and bribe taking, during his time Memphis was one of the most deadly crime ridden cities in America due to his numerous lucrative connections to various criminal syndicates which greatly enabled them and he was also connected to possibly one of the worst examples of child trafficking under the guise adoption in American history.

The infamous Tennessee Children's Home Society which lead by Georgia Tann took thousands of children through many dubious means up to even literally snatching them off the street and sold them to whoever was willing to buy; prospective wealthy families to be adopted(This is how Joan Crawford adopted two of her children and Ric Flair was adopted by his parents this way.) or sometimes as slave labor to farms or even to pedophiles, which Georgia Tann was one herself and she was alleged by surviving children of the home to have abused many of them and she also employed pedophiles in the home who also abused them.

The home was also a death trap of neglect and physical abuse, though we only have 19 confirmed deaths the county the home operated in for a quarter century had the single highest child mortality rate in the entire country and its estimated that hundreds died in the home(Its well known that Georgia falsified the crap out of every relevant public record so the truth will likely never be fully ascertained.). Crump was one of the connections Georgia had that kept her from being exposed until 1950 though she died shortly after being publicly exposed from cancer and she and her associates such as Crump who outlived her where never prosecuted.

%https://www.nashvillescene.com/arts_culture/she-terrified-people/article_9706da10-76bd-51f8-bbcd-9c44ffd864d3.html

%https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georgia_Tann

}}

Strange coincidence, I didn't even know about that guy. I got the name from an anime, but I knew it wasn't exclusive to it, and it was the only name I could think of to sound close enough to "the great orange cheeto".

