The weak bladder of Padme Amidala

Author: TomL

*000*2022-05-31 02:54

Hi everyone ! This is my first fiction, in the Star Wars universe. I hope you like it, and if you do, I can write a sequel !

« - Are you sure this will be enough for us to have the majority ? »

Senator Bail Organa asked this question for the 5th at least to Senator Padme Amidala.

« - We can’t be sure. But I don’t see what to change again in my speech. » answered Padme, a bit tired by their endless preparation. It must have been 3 hours they worked on this speech.

« - Look, we’ve weighted every word of it. Tomorrow is a big day, we should all go to rest. ». The suggestion of Senator Mon Mothma was widely shared among the people in the room.

Tomorrow is a big day for the delegation of 2000. The group of senators hope to block the budget presented by Chancellor Palpatine to the Senate. With the concentration of powers around him, the budget vote was the only weapon they had left to oppose him. But in order to rally votes against the budget, the delegation needed a brilliant speech to convince other senators. And of course, Padme had the most crucial role : delivering the speech.

Mon Mothma accompanied Padme to her room, along with Padme’s servant Sabé, who followed her everywhere.

« - Rest well Padme, tomorrow is your day.

- Our day. », answered Padme. Mon Mothma flashed her a smile and left.

Padme was relieved to be back in her room. The young woman had many qualities for a Senator : she was smart, brave, and a brilliant public speaker. But Padme had one weakness. One that no one, even Anakin, knew. She had a very weak bladder. The only one to know the problem of Padme was her servant Sabé, who had to help her with her dress in many close calls, and helped her with cleaning when she had accidents.

Three hours without a break began to be a lot for Padme’s bladder. She wasn’t desperate, as the long senate sessions had been a good training for her, but she could feel that her bladder was filling quickly. So when Mon Mothma suggested, to end the meeting, Padme felt a certain delight.

« - Can you prepare all the files for tomorrow before you go Sabé. I’m going to the restroom.

- Of course your highness. You don’t need any help with your dress ?

- I’ll be fine, thank you. »

Sabé always offered her help to Padme, as she knew sometimes Padme couldn’t wait and needed help with her dresses.

Not this time however.

Padme went in the restroom and began to take off her dress. This was the part she hated the most. When she was close to relieve herself, her need doubled everytime she had to take off her clothes.

« - Come on, come on… »

Padme began to regret not to have accepted Sabé’s help. As her bladder screamed for relief with the toilet so close, Padme realised : her zipper was stuck.

Here she was, stuck in her dress, in her bathroom, and desperate to pee.

Hoping she was still there, Padme called for Sabé to come to her rescue :

« - Sabé ? Sabé are you there ? I’m stuck with my dress and I really need to use the toilet, can you help me ? Please… » her voice sounded pretty desperate.

As she called for Sabé, Padme tried to keep her legs crossed tightly. Sabé quickly arrived, as she was still in the room nearby.

« - Don’y worry your highness, I will help you.

- Oh thank you Sabé, I’m so sorry, but aaaah… », as she apologized to Sabé, Padme was hit by a wave of desperation that forced her to push with her hands on her crotch to repel the pee.

« Aaah please Sabé quickly, I fear I might pee myself ! »

« Hold it your highness ! »

A few seconds later, Sabé managed to unlock the zipper and pulled it down. She began to help Padme with the rest of the dress, but the Senator really couldn’t wait. She began to take off the dress herself, nearly tearing it apart.

« - Aaaah let me pee !!! »

Finally, she pulled down her panties and threw herself on the toilet.

« - Aaaaah… That’s so good… ».

Her stream sounded like on of the fall on her home planet, Naboo.

Realising what just happened, Padme blushed and apologized to Sabé :

« - Oh, I’m so sorry Sabé… Once again I would have wet my dress without you.

- It’s ok your highness, we all have emergencies. » said Sabé with a smile.

« - Speaking of which, If you don’t need me anymore… » Sabé squirmed slightly on the spot. The sound of Padme’s pee seemed to have awakened her bladder.

« - Oh of course Sabé, go ! »

« Thank you, your highness. »

Sabé quickly leaved the bathroom to tend to her own needs.

As she emptied her bladder completely, Padme thought to herself :

« - I hope I’m going to be fine tomorrow… It can be long before I speak, and my own speech is pretty long… »

She was worried, but quickly brushed away her thoughts. The stakes were just too high to think about her bladder.

