Doki Doki Literature Club - It's Not Like I Wanted You to See Me Piss Myself, Dummy!

Author: TheMarcher

*000*2021-03-12 01:55

Hello all! It's been a while since I posted anything, and I've had ideas for this floating around for a while, especially because I don't see DDLC omorashi too often, and I'm sort of obsessed with DDLC. For those that have played the VN, I put a few weeks gap between MC joining the club and the festival just to build out the story (and make the relationship a bit more natural). Sorry if it's a bit long! But, I hope you enjoy, and please let me know if you guys have any feedback!

(INTRO)

‘WOW! This club is full of incredibly cute girls!!’

I remember, that was the first thought that went through my mind as I stepped through the doorway into the Literature Club. And the moment where I began to have to substitute the word “cute” in the presence of a certain magical person.

Sayori had strong-armed me into joining since I’ve basically never really joined any kind of club or even participated in an afterschool activity if it didn’t involve shutting myself in my bedroom and watching anime or playing video games all night. But if it got her off my back about it, then why not. Plus, free cupcakes. If only I knew how many cupcakes I had just sold my soul for.

“Ugh...Sayori, you brought a boy to the club?” groaned the pink haired girl as we walked in, her hands on her hips in an indignant pose.

Ahh, the first words she ever spoke to me. Not the best first impression of someone, especially given that I barely wanted to be at the club anyways. If not for the cupcakes and Sayori making promises she couldn’t keep, I would not have bothered at all.

Still, even then, she looked very, very cu-, er, beautiful. Ix nay on the ute cay.

But, what followed from my choices that day may very well have been the best thing to ever happen to me. Especially once we started sharing our poetry and getting to know each other better.

My name is Makoto Chikafuji, though most people just call me MC for short. And this is the story of how I fell in love with a pants wetting tsundere.

///

(MC’s POV)

It’s been a few weeks since my first visit to the literature club, and I’ve honestly really been enjoying myself. We all get to spend time after school, reading poems, doing recitations, and enjoy each other’s company. Yuri seems like she’s always stuck in her book, but the odd moments where she does have something to say are generally quite insightful. And her poems cut real deep once you understand them! Monika makes for an excellent club president, keeping things orderly, while Sayori helps defuse any of the fights that do break out.

I still miss keeping up with the trove of anime I have in my backlog, but I’ve managed to fill that void by reading Parfait Girls with Natsuki. I’ll admit, it was not exactly my cup o’ tea at first (given my favorite animes are things like Mirai Nikki or Darling in the Franxx) but I’ve really grown to enjoy reading it. Now, whether that’s because of the manga’s content or the company I keep while I’m reading it...well, that’s like a corpse in a glass coffin: remains to be seen.

After the final bell has rung, I make my way through the halls, navigating the sea of people to reach my oasis. It seems the neverending torrent of people is on full onslaught today as it takes me longer to reach the club than normal. As I enter, I see Natsuki has already got a cup of tea, courtesy of Yuri, and she already has the manga out and ready to go. I smile at her though she only meets my eyes for a second and looks away as if she was indifferent to my arrival.

Once I’ve had a chance to set my things down, I turn to her and she speaks first, “It wasn’t like I was waiting for you or anything! Dummy…”

“Hey now, cut me some slack, I just had to maneuver my butt up two flights of stairs crowded by swarms of people,” I begin, “I did my best.”

Natsuki’s cheeks puff as she pouts but finally she exhales and replies, “Hmph, well let’s get started then since you’ve wasted enough time.”

We find our usual spot against the wall with windows to the outside courtyard. She and I sit close together, no other form of contact or otherwise I would have a few more bruises on my arm from her punching me. But, we’re close enough that she can enjoy reading it along with me. Not that she hasn’t already read it a half dozen times, but it gives us something to do together and talk about before the poem sharing starts.

“C’mon, dummy, read faster!” commands Natsuki enthusiastically, seemingly vibrating as she kicks her legs and then brings her knees back to her chest, rubbing against one another, “Only a couple more chapters until Minori and Alice gently open the...nevermind, nothing, just keep going!!”

“Alright, alright, geez,” I reply before boldly adding, “Excuse me for trying to enjoy the time I spend with you.”

At this, Natsuki blushes a deep red before shaking it off and muttering a soft “Harumph!”

I chuckle at her, and then rest my head towards Natsuki’s. She gets a panicked look for a second, but gives up and does the same and I’m able to hold the manga closer for us to enjoy with a single hand, flipping the pages with my thumb. I’ve gotten pretty good at doing that. As she rests against me, I can feel her shifting around frequently, crossing and uncrossing her legs in an attempt to get comfortable, I suppose.

Just for a second, I think about moving my arm and putting it around her to help her settle in or hold her hand, though I imagine that would only cause her to push me away or drop a heavy box of manga on me. As we continue reading, I can feel Sayori’s gaze on us, hanging there for quite some time. I glance up to look at her, and even from here, I can practically hear her little “squee” noises of excitement.

Sayori’s always been my dearest friend and she wanted me to join the club to meet people and make friends. Well, I can’t say I’m complaining now. I practically ignore most of the school day just waiting to be here again and spend some more time with everyone, especially Natsuki.

As we approach the end of the chapter, I can sense Natsuki is getting antsy waiting for me to finish it already. She can barely sit still and makes soft little noises under her breath. I nuzzle against her slightly, and though she turns a deep shade of crimson, this appears to settle her slightly though now I can feel her bouncing in place. I start to wonder if maybe she’s had too much sugar today.

Just before we complete the last few pages, the doors to the club swing open and Monika finally appears, “Okay, everyone! I’m sorry I’m late, but, now that I’m here...you know what time it is!”

Sayori quits her staring and hops up in exuberance, “Time for cookies!”

I turn to Sayori to say, “Really, Sayori? Didn’t you already have a cookie? And then stole mine from my bento?”

“And took a big bite out of mine!!” Natsuki fired along with me, “And I used the last of my allowance to get it, too!”

I sigh as I stand up, though I see Natsuki is still seated, fidgeting. Before she fully reaches out her hand for assistance, I quickly extend mine down and pull her to her feet. She gingerly responds, “Ahh, not so fast...dummy!”

After we’re finally both on the move, Sayori pouts and responds, “It’s not my fault they made those cookies so delicious…”

As she says this, she brings her index fingers close, touching them together timidly.

“You know, Sayori,” starts Yuri, “You would do well eating more than empty calories. Or at the very least, enjoy some of the green tea I’ve brewed. It’s rich with antioxidants that would help counterbalance all of the...uh, less than ideal nutrition you’ve consumed.”

At this, I perk up as I realize I’m quite thirsty, “Mmm, some tea does sound nice, I think I’ll go pour myself a cup. Care for one Natsuki?”

“Um, well…” Natsuki begins, as she turns a slight pink, “I mean, I could...get it myself if I wanted to, dummy!”

I smile back warmly, “I know, silly. But it’s no trouble, I’ll be right back.”

As I head towards the kettle, Monika announces, “Okay! Now, since Sayori, Natsuki, and MC are all guilty of forgetting to make poems so frequently, this session is mandatory. No leaving! If you haven’t brought one with you, you will be forced to write one and then share it. If any of the school administration shows up and sees us goofing off again, we can kiss the Literature Club sayo-nara!”

Natsuki, who appeared to be making her way to the door, goes back to sit at the desk next to mine as we all prepare to share poems. Typically, Natsuki and I share our poems with each other first. Not just because we appreciate each other’s input, but it also gives us an opportunity to see if we need to make any adjustments or swap it out for another before we embarrass ourselves too hard.

I come back and sit down and place Natsuki’s cup in front of her, “Here you go, my darling!”

Even though I say it in a joking, over-the-top manner, Natsuki practically snaps her neck to look up so quickly, upon hearing me.

“W-what are you...saying like that, all of a sudden?!” she berates me, “You big dummy!”

I suppress my chuckle and continue, “I just wanted to see how you’d react.”

I sit down and place my cup in front of me. Reaching into my bag, I pull out the poem I had written for today and make sure it’s ready.

“So, shall we share?” I ask of her.

Natsuki replies, squirming and fidgeting in her seat, “Y-yeah...I guess so…”

I start to wonder why she’s acting so strange, but before I can ask, she interjects by rapidly thrusting her piece of paper at me and saying, “Here! You...you can read mine first, this time…”

I notice that she’s blushing much more furiously than normal. I wonder what could have brought that on. However, as soon as my eyes land on the paper, I seemingly get my answer. The poem’s title is “Because You”

.

As I read the words on the page, my heart begins to pound in my chest. I can feel every bit of Natsuki that went into writing this. I could only imagine how much effort it took to even say this much. Every time the last line of each stanza hits, I see how much effect I have had on her in the short time that we’ve known one another.

But with that realization, another feeling begins to form in the pit of my stomach. Fear, regret. I made a poem that I know Natsuki would like...but not one that would convey how I actually felt about her and how much I cared for her. I knew I shouldn’t have just been trying to pick random words out of thin air!

I realize I’d spent far too long reading without saying anything, and Natsuki is looking far more anxious than earlier. Her legs are twisted like pretzels, her face flush and she is breathing a bit heavy. At length, I finally spoke up, “W-wow...Natsuki, this is...amazing. It’s literally your best work, or at the very least my favorite from you. I...I love it!”

Natsuki perks up but rapidly deflates a bit when I end my sentence there, and she decides to reply, “Thanks, now, you can...keep that one. I’ve got a different poem that I’m going to show everyone else. Just...show me yours so that I can finally go...”

“Go?” I say sadly.

She shakes her head, “Nevermind…”

I reluctantly hand her my poem, and I can immediately see by the look on her face that I’ve made a grievous mistake. She reads it by holding the paper in one hand, the other one I see is at her side, clenched in what appears to be rage. She’s visibly shaking now. I gulp and think: I dun goofed.

She slams the paper down and before I can try to explain myself, she utters through gritted teeth as she violently sits up from her chair and walks away towards the other club members, “It’s...fine! Just like your other poems...I’m...I’m going to go talk to the others...dummy!!”

I turn to extend my hand and call after her, but I realize it might be better to let her calm down first so that we don’t exchange words in anger. It appears that Sayori and Yuri are now exchanging poems and Monika has made her way towards me. Natsuki stands near their desk, I can see her still shaking from here. While Sayori and Yuri are engaged in conversation and haven’t noticed her yet, she stands by with her hands clenched in fists at her sides and rocking back and forth in place.

Monika and I share our poems, I don’t really have much bandwidth to pay attention to what she’s written since all my thoughts are focused on Natsuki, but like normal, it appears to be pretty good even if I can’t quite grasp the meaning. Sayori and Natsuki are on to sharing, which opens up Yuri for Monika and I to share with.

///

(Natsuki’s POV)

FUCK. I. HAVE. TO. PEE.

These words resounded in Natsuki’s head as she got up to speak with Sayori and Yuri about their poems. She was also frustrated with MC because, well he was dense and even though she spilled her heart out to him in her poem, he wrote another regular poem. A fantastic poem, she loved the way he managed to use simple words like she did, but craft them in a way that she found fascinating. Yet still...the closest he got to confessing was saying he loved it. Not her, IT.

“Ugh...like what more do I have to do to make him like me and just confess already!!! I know I didn’t exactly tell him what I was doing with my poem so...I guess that’s on me after all. But I can’t be blamed for snapping, I’ve had to pee for like a whole frickin’ two hours!!!

And he kept making it worse; he didn’t get to the club early, so I should have stopped to pee instead of rushing to make it here. Then, he shows up right as I think about going to the bathroom!! I think, hmm, maybe I’ll give it a half hour and then excuse myself.

But then he goes and makes his head and shoulder the perfect, irresistible spot to rest. So I stay, and suddenly it's time for poems. And he pulled me up so quickly, I almost pissed my panties right there! Then, he gave me another cup of tea, after I’ve already had like...four...and then he took so long reading my poem, I was so scared he didn’t like it and I drank the whole cup without realizing it….

Stupid, comfy, dummy.”

As Natsuki waited for Sayori and Yuri to finish up, she clenched her fists so hard in focusing on keeping the ocean in her bladder steady. She could practically feel her nails digging into her skin, ready to draw blood if that’s what it would take to prevent voiding everything inside her.

She danced from foot to foot, legs rubbing together, praying no one could see her plight, or if they could, that they wouldn’t immediately know she desperately needed a toilet. If only, he weren’t here. Maybe then, she could allow herself to hold her pussy through her skirt or just admit that she had to pee so intensely that she was at emergency threat levels. But, she didn’t want to admit in front of him that she couldn’t hold it like a proper woman and was likely moments away from having an accident right in the literature club room.

As a throbbing pang of desperation hit her, she bent forward and buckled her knees in. She bit her lip in concentration and pleaded with every fiber of her being, ‘Not like this!’

She had just regained composure when Sayori spoke up, “Oh, hey, Natsuki! Sorry, Yuri and I were having a little chat about one of the words she used. I-inch...ink coat?”

Yuri sighed and smiled, “Inchoate. It means “just beginning to form”. It’s from the Latin inchoare, which I picked up from one of Horace’s Odes, one of his most famous of his poems about spring.”

“T-that’s great...but I don’t need a breakdown on the history of the word. Sayori, you, uh...want to exchange poems now?”

“Sure thing!” Sayori exclaimed and happily handed over her latest work. Natsuki did the same, and now stood clutching onto the poem for dear life. After Yuri was no longer paying attention, she crossed her legs again, feet twisted over one another, bending forward and standing back up frequently. She could barely focus on the poem, her eyes watering slightly from the pain and pressure building in her nether region, like her pee was built up just behind her opening, about to force its way out. Her face flushed with embarrassment as she imagined herself losing control, her piss shooting out of her, drenching her clothes and showering down her legs in twisted tendrils.

Suddenly, she came across the phrase “warm ocean” in Sayori’s poem and felt her control cave in. A quick, one-second burst shot out of her, dampening her panties. She clenched her thighs together, summoning forth all the strength her muscles could offer to steel her bladder’s resolve.

“Oh no!! I...I just peed myself a little...hopefully, it doesn’t show yet…”

She tried her best to nonchalantly examine herself, noticing that at least it hadn’t made a spot on her skirt. But, a small rivulet, was trailing its way down to one of her favorite pairs of knee high socks.

“Ugh...why did I have to get dressed up for him today? I am totally NOT gonna pee on these socks…”

She attempted to dry it between her thighs, hoping that no further moisture would be making its way out of her bursting bladder. Natsuki finished the poem and the two had a few quick words about each other’s work as she trembled incessantly. Then, she handed the poem back to Sayori, retrieved hers and went to Yuri and Monika to finish her rounds so she could finally take a break.

“Aaaaaah!! Geez...if this takes any longer...I’m seriously going to end up going to the bathroom...without ever actually getting to the bathroom…”

The entire time was agony, especially trying to read through Yuri’s obtuse, heavily metaphorical poem. She sat at the desk opposite to Yuri, wiggling uncontrollably the entire time, threatening to make it squeak against the floor and reveal her condition. While attempting to decipher some of the imagery with Yuri, Natsuki leaned over the desk, holding herself through her skirt underneath, when another wave of desperation overran her and a longer spurt of pee broke forth from her dam.

A soft whimper escaped her, as she felt it warm her already cooling panties, and broke further through, moistening her skirt and getting some of her urine on her fingers.

“Uuuuu! Nono,nonono. I...I just wet my skirt, and my hands. I’m...I’m in serious trouble here, if I don’t leave now...I’m going...I’m going to fully piss myself in front of my best friends AND him…”

As she stood up again from the desk, finally done with sharing her poems, she realized how full her bladder really was as the pressure weighed down upon it. It poked out from atop her school skirt, which was slicing into her body from being so taut. She was all ready to go when Monika called everyone’s attention to announce their plans for the festival.

“Now, as you all know, Sayori will be helping me to design pamphlets for the festival. Natsuki, you of course, will be baking cupcakes, and Yuri will be creating banners to set the atmosphere for the clubroom. As for MC…”, she started and then realized she didn’t have a plan for him. “Hmm...I guess, I don’t actually have a specific assignment for you...let’s see, what can we have you do…”

Natsuki grimaced in agony as it felt like Monika dragged on giving MC something to do, when virtually all of them were under the impression he would just choose to help Natsuki.

MC thought for a moment and then spoke up, “I mean...if it’s alright with everyone, I could always help Natsuki with the baking? Surely, anyone would need help baking that many cupcakes for everyone?”

Monika smiles, “That’s an excellent idea!”

As much as she loved baking and enjoyed the idea of being able to bake with MC at his place, she couldn't care less about it in that instant, as her bladder pulsed again and filled her panties with more pee, dripping down her legs to begin soaking into her favorite socks, and leaving a small puddle on the floor below.

“Nonono,pleaseplease. PLEASE. Just...just a few more moments PLEASE. Then...we can do what we’ve been trying to do for like three hours. And if the worst thing that comes from this is that I peed my panties a bit...then fuck it. I’ll just do my laundry before my dad gets home so I don’t get another...punishment.”

With that, the club adjourned. Sayori and Yuri left first, with Monika shortly afterwards. MC was still in the room, but Natsuki knew she was running out of time. As she got up from her desk, it took her a minute to steady herself, otherwise, she threatened to soak her clothes right where she stood. She felt a few droplets drip down from her panties, landing on her shoes as the incredibly sharp, burning pain resonated from her overfilled bladder, pleading for relief and much to Natsuki’s chagrin, it didn’t much care where it emptied its contents.

Somehow, despite holding back all the pee that was inside her, she made her way towards the clubroom door, taking ginger steps with her feet as she made her way to salvation. Her legs were pressed together tightly, as her body wriggled and squirmed. Her brain was busy fending off being overloaded, half concentrating on the simple act of moving forward, and the other half concentrating on keeping herself from creating the geyser of pee that it was so desperately fighting to make.

“Just...just a few more moments. The...bathrooms are...right down the hall. If I can get out of the clubroom now, I should be able to sprint down to the bathroom...without making another puddle of shame…”

///

(Back to MC’s POV)

As I see Natsuki about to leave, I make my way over to her. I see that she’s not exactly in a mood to talk but I block her way out of the classroom.

“Please, Natsuki, let me explain!” I exclaim.

Natsuki shudders and squirms some more, she appears to be in pain and there’s tears in her eyes. “Move. Out. Of my fucking. Way. We can talk in a little bit.”

I decide it’s time to speak up, “Look, Natsuki, just...please tell me what’s wrong. I know I messed up with the poem, and there’s so much I want to say, but...you’ve been...acting strange since school ended and the whole time during the poem sharing. Are you not feeling well? Are you in pain? Is...i-is it something to do with your dad?”

I finally get up the courage to say what I’ve been worried about for the last few weeks since she let slip about why she keeps her manga here even though Monika always ends up rearranging the closet.

This last sentence appears to break her defenses, seeing that I do really care for her, to even broach that subject. Finally, Natsuki relents, “N-NO! P-please, MC. I…I’m fine, really…I just…I drank too much tea earlier, and I just really, really, REALLY need to…visit the bathroom. I haven’t had a chance to yet because, well...I maybesortalikedhanging out with you too much.”

A flutter starts in my heart and she continues, “But now that I’m not busy dealing with Monika’s mandatory poem sharing, I’m trying to take care of that. And…if you don’t let me walk out of this classroom right this second, I’m literally gonna explode all over myself…so unless you get your rocks off by watching petite girls piss their skirts, I suggest you move!!”

While I am in no position to admit that this revelation did make me feel some type of way in my nether regions, I reply with sympathy for her plight, “S-sorry, Natsuki, I thought maybe something happened and you weren’t telling me. Here, let me get out of your way…”

“It’s fine...just, move already, before I have an acciden…” By that point it was far too late, Natsuki’s retort leaps up and is caught in her throat. Her hands clench tight at her sides as her bouncing, trembling legs clasped together again.

Her skirt sways to and fro in her frantic, erratic movements until it is caught between her thighs, and that is when I start to hear the faint sound of rushing water, trickling down, as I see the golden cascade erupt beneath her uniform. Her smile, more of a grimace in this moment, pierces me as her face flushes the most ferocious scarlet red I’d ever seen and her urine continues to violently expel itself from her body, soaking her panties, skirt and socks and eventually puddling on the floor beneath her noisily.

I watch as her liquid streams forth down her legs, gushing as a waterfall does down the side of a mountain. Her clothes are soaking in the urine, rapidly darkening in color from absorbing it. I can scarcely believe that she was able to hold on to so much and create such a fountain, if I had not been here today to witness her do it. The puddle expands rapidly across the floor, our reflections vibrating as the droplets fall and her accident continues to feed it. Her shoes are inundated by the flood, and I can hear her soft cries as the torrent continues.

Finally, as quickly as it began, the deluge ends. After a few moments, the drip finally begins to cease from her sodden clothes as I find the courage to meet her eyes. I can see she’s still not quite looking in my direction, as the red has yet to disappear from her face, and I can sense that she may not yet accept what has just happened.

Meanwhile, it’s all I can do to try and hide the bulge that is rapidly forming in my pants. The school uniform isn’t exactly accustomed to trying to conceal the pulsing manhood that she had just excited, and in spite of her words, I have no intention of letting her know that every ounce of my being wants to carnally know her in this moment.

Natsuki cries out, “I…I just…I ACTUALLY pissed myself…i-in…in front of you...of all people...”

“It’s okay, Natsuki,” I reassure her with my arms reaching out to hold her.

As she chokes back additional tears, she steps out of reach and says, “B-but...I’m...I’m so gross…”

I shake my head at her and reply, “No...you’ll never be gross to me. But, if you needed to go to the bathroom, you should have gone sooner.”

“I know!! I just...I liked hanging out with you, and then the whole mandatory poem session. And I wanted to be an adult, and hold it. Not a sissy who can’t even make it to the bathroom, and pisses herself like she’s still in elementary school,” she says, her tears continuing to fall.

“I-it’s bad enough, no one takes me seriously. Everyone always sees me...like...I’m a kid, ‘Oh your poems are so cute, Natsuki, just like you!’ When I’m not! I don’t want to be cute, I want to be...beautiful. I’m just as old and mature as everyone else in this club...and I have grown up wants...a-and...grown up needs too!!”

And now, I understand her hatred for the word a bit better, and I say “Natsuki, I’ve never seen you that way, like a child. I see you as you are. Ever since we’ve gotten to know each other better, I’ve wanted to let you know how much I care for you. And I want to be the one to fulfill those grown up needs, even more so now after seeing….this...”

She sniffles, “Y-you mean…”

I laugh lightly and come clean, “Yeah, I, uh...actually found it kinda hot when you revealed you were so desperate to pee, and...uh...well even more so now, after you peed yourself.”

At this Natsuki shakes her head and gives the first smile, “Heh, pervert...well, score one for me then, I guess.”

We share a quick laugh as I pull her close and kiss her forehead. I feel the heat bloom in her face as she blushes again. She rests her head into my chest, her tears drying into my blazer as her eyes finally stop watering.

“Of course, I’d…end up falling for the guy that actually gets his rocks off seeing me pee myself...”

“Well, I mean...before that, I had no idea you doing that would push my buttons!”

Natsuki looks up at me, meeting my eyes truly, “I take it that means...if that should happen again in the future, and I manage to...not make it to the bathroom in time...”

“I mean I can’t say I would mind it at all. You were already cu-...beautiful before that. But, seeing that happen...I may actually have some...grown up needs of my own to take care of.”

“Dummy, you...won’t have to take care of them yourself. I-I’d...take care of that for you,” she starts before abruptly ending where she was going with that.

“Uuuuuu!!!! H-how...how do you get me to say weird things like that? Like you’re in my brain all the time...changing how all the wiring works...and…a-and how my train of thought runs, and I...I-I can’t do anything to get you out. And, you...you act all normal, and cool...but I can’t keep my head straight around you. My heart acts all weird, and my poems start revealing all the stuff I’m trying to hide, and...and then I hold off visiting the bathroom ‘til I piss myself just for a few more minutes with you...and now I’m just over here pouring my feelings out like I’m the dummy…”

I lean forward and kiss her deeply. At first she’s taken aback, but she relents and places her arms around me, embracing me, and we hold each other close. The warmth as her body presses solidly against mine is exhilarating, even more so when I can feel how wet her uniform is from the damage she’s done. While I had been trying to conceal that dirty little detail about myself, there’s no doubt in my mind that she feels it poking against her, as I hear a tiny giggle burst forth during our kiss.

The moment is over in a few seconds, but in that short time, we have made an even deeper connection than we already had.

“Don’t you worry...I may somehow make it look easy, but...it’s the same way for me, about you. I...I love you, Natsuki,” I say to her after we pull apart.

Natsuki blushes furiously again, her eyes falling to the floor, but only manages to eek out, “Geez...t-took you long enough...I thought I was going to have to be the one to confess first. Coward…”

She jokingly punches my arm, though with considerably less force than she would normally. We set about getting her cleaned up so she can visit the club tomorrow without fear of everyone finding out what had just transpired. It is only after we say our goodbyes for the day, that I realize that tomorrow is the start of the weekend. The weekend before the festival, one where Natsuki and I would be spending much of the weekend working together. With my house pretty much deserted.

Given what we talked about, the weather report may state Saturday and Sunday will be sunny skies all day, but our personal forecast has a definite chance of showers it seems.

*005*2021-03-15 02:24

Glad you guys liked it! I've got a few more ideas for Natsuki though I could try to write ones for the other Dokis too. Any one in particular?

And @wedgeantilles

, thanks so much for the praise on the dialogue, I wasn't sure if I was going to get it close enough for some of them haha.

@diokno44x

I tried to balance the lewd/cute out in this one, though if I do subsequent chapters things may get a little more lewd as it progresses.

