Wet Flutterdash

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2021-04-22 22:36

Here's another Equestria Girls story. I know they're not very popular here but there are a few who'd appreciate it...

Contains a few farts, but not a whole lot. And stretchy scenarios. (On fimfiction I mentioned "deliberate wetting" as a stretchy scenario but of course everyone here knows for a fact that it's not stretchy at all - even those who don't engage in it for fun must have seen at least one video that couldn't have been faked, just not sure how many people on fimfiction know it's a thing. Outwardly I'm very different from how I am here and I love wetting myself when no one's around so for all we know Rarity could secretly have fun with it, and Pinkie certainly wouldn't be a stretch as she's weirder than any of us. But this story is about Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy.)

###

Chapter 1: Wet Dashie and Flutters

Fluttershy was running to Rainbow Dash's house. She wasn't nearly as fast a runner as Rainbow Dash but it felt good to get some exercise. Today was her first day wearing a sporty outfit Rarity had made for her, consisting of a white tank top and short, skintight green shorts. She knew Rainbow Dash liked her either way but she wanted to show her this outfit, she knew Rainbow would like it because she was super athletic and often wore similar outfits.

It was a hot day, so Fluttershy was dripping with sweat by the time she arrived at Rainbow's house. She rang the doorbell.

The door quickly opened, and Rainbow Dash stood there wearing a short skintight pair of shorts the same shade of blue as her hair, and a matching sports bra. "Hi Fluttershy. You look awesome in that outfit."

Fluttershy blushed lightly. "Thanks, Dashie. I knew you'd like it."

"How does it feel?"

"Really tight. But I kinda like it." Fluttershy blushed a little more and smiled cutely. She walked in. "How does my rear end look?" She wiggled her butt slightly in Rainbow's direction.

"Really cute." Rainbow slapped Fluttershy's butt lightly. She knew Fluttershy liked it. "You really sweated a lot getting here. Want some cool drinks?"

"That would be nice."

Rainbow Dash got Fluttershy a large glass of water and three cans each of soda and cider. By the time Fluttershy finished drinking them all, she was feeling refreshed and cooled down, and not the slightest bit thirsty. As she and Rainbow sat on the couch playing games and watching sports, the sweat dried off her. She still smelled a little, but she didn't mind, and neither did Rainbow. Besides, sometimes Rainbow would smell worse than her if she ran some laps around the track and didn't shower, and Fluttershy kind of liked that. She blushed just thinking about it.

Then, she had to go to the bathroom. All her drinks had hit her and she had also drank a large cup of tea before going to Rainbow's house.

It should have been easy saying it to Rainbow Dash, but she was always too shy to say she needed the bathroom. So she hid her desperation as best she could and held it. Usually she would wait for Rainbow Dash to go and then use one of the other bathrooms. She only hoped Rainbow would have to pee soon too. Rainbow was known for peeing like a race horse, her stream was even louder than Applejack's if you were standing on the other side of the door. Fluttershy blushed thinking about this as well, then tried to think about something else as it was making it harder for her to hold it.

As the minutes went by, Fluttershy's need to pee became more and more urgent. She held her legs together tight, though not crossing them, figuring it would be too obvious, and fidgeted slightly where she sat.

Her fidgeting did not go unnoticed by Rainbow. The movement was easy for her to notice, as was the look of discomfort on her face. Rainbow could have said something, but decided not to, figuring that if Fluttershy needed to go badly enough, she would say so, and if she didn't make it... she had something in mind. Plus, Fluttershy looked really cute needing to pee.

Fluttershy could feel her bladder getting more full by the minute. She wished she hadn't drank so much. She really needed to go, and at this point she couldn't hide it anymore. She crossed her legs and squirmed harder. It didn't help that her shorts were really tight.

Rainbow wondered whether she should say something. It was obvious Fluttershy had to pee really badly, but nothing was stopping her from saying something like "I'll be right back" and running to the bathroom.

Eventually, Fluttershy couldn't hold it anymore. She felt her shorts grow warm and wet, and a hissing noise was heard. Fluttershy stopped fidgeting as she realized she was peeing full force. She tried her hardest to stop her stream, but it only got stronger. She could feel the wetness soaking her butt and the cushion she was sitting on. As she peed, she whimpered and moved her legs so her knees were up and her feet resting on the couch, with a look of embarrassment on her face. Her stream continued to soak her skintight shorts as she sat in this position.

Rainbow thought Fluttershy looked cute in this position and wetting herself, but she felt bad for her. She knew how embarrassing this must be. But she had a plan for making her feel better. It would reveal her deepest secret, but she'd gladly do it for Fluttershy.

After just over two minutes, Fluttershy stopped peeing. She put her arms around her knees and her head between them, blushing beet red. She had just had an accident in her shorts in front of the girl she had a crush on. She'd never live this down.

"Are you all right, Fluttershy?" Rainbow asked.

"I peed myself," Fluttershy said.

"Hey, there's no need to be ashamed. It's all right to pee yourself. It's wet, but it's harmless. Plus, it feels really good. Here."

Fluttershy heard a hissing noise. At first she thought she was peeing again, but then realized it was coming from beside her. She looked sideways at Rainbow Dash. The tomboyish rainbow-haired girl was smiling with a relaxed look on her face, and her shorts were rapidly darkening as a puddle grew on her cushion. Fluttershy couldn't believe it. Rainbow Dash was wetting her shorts deliberately, and enjoying it. Could it be possible? Could wetting herself not be as bad as she thought? Could it actually be... fun? Now that Fluttershy was thinking about this, the warm wetness on her shorts did feel kind of nice, combined with the relief after holding it so long. Her embarrassment had blocked these feelings before but now she couldn't deny them.

Rainbow peed for about a minute, even though she didn't have to go that bad. Usually she'd pee about as long as Fluttershy did, but she wanted to pee in this moment so she and Fluttershy could be wet together. Once she finished peeing, she said "Feel better?"

Fluttershy gave her a hug with a smile on her face. She no longer cared who saw her wet herself and felt she could even do it in front of all her friends. "Much better," she said. "And I think you're right, it does feel kind of nice."

Rainbow patted Fluttershy's butt lightly. It was soaked in urine but she didn't care. If anything it felt better wet. Not that her shorts hadn't been soaked with sweat the first time but pee was even better.

"I'm so sorry I peed all over your couch."

"Don't be. This isn't the first time I peed on it."

"If you don't mind me asking, how long have you been peeing yourself?"

"At least a few years. One day I drank a lot and decided to see how long I could hold it for. I held it for three hours and sixteen minutes before I wet myself. I liked the feeling so I've been wetting ever since. Sometimes you've seen me in black shorts that don't show wetness. More often than not I'd pee in them whenever I ran to the bathroom. Same with my swimsuit. And you have no idea how much I wet my snowpants when we were playing in the snow, partly because I didn't want to go inside, and partly because I really like how it feels."

"Maybe I should try peeing my wetsuit sometime."

"Definitely, if you want to."

They sat in their wet shorts and continued watching sports.

After the current game was over, Rainbow said "I'm getting something to drink. Do you want something?"

"Yes," said Fluttershy. "I'd like a lot of them. So I can pee more." She blushed lightly.

"You got it," said Rainbow.

They each drank a big glass of water, two sodas, and three ciders.

"Hey, how would you like an extra large slushy from the convenience store?" Rainbow asked.

"I'd like that."

"I'll go get it as I am. I don't care if anyone sees me wet myself anymore. If they do, so what? They all know I'm awesome!"

"I'll go with you."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. I don't really care either."

"If you say so."

They went to the convenience store. As they got their extra large slushies, people noticed their wet shorts but didn't say anything, as if going to the bathroom on yourself was no big deal. As Rainbow paid for the slushies, the cashier said "You look like you just drank one of these already," with a lighthearted smile but no ridicule. Rainbow and Fluttershy just giggled, not feeling the slighest bit ashamed.

They returned to Rainbow's house, drinking their slushies on the way. By this time their shorts were damp rather than soaked, as it was still hot out.

Once they were inside, they sat back on the couch, and continued watching sports, until their drinks hit them hard.

"I have to pee," said Fluttershy. It was so much easier to say now that she could wet herself without shame.

"Me too," said Rainbow Dash. "Want to see how long we can hold it?"

"I know you can hold it longer, but it sounds like fun." Fluttershy crossed her legs and fidgeted, this time enjoying her desperation.

Rainbow was also enjoying this. It was always fun to hold it, but it was even more fun to hold it with Fluttershy. Both of them really needing to pee, knowing they'd end up wet, and looking forward to this as well.

Eventually, Fluttershy reached the point that was minutes away from where she had wet herself last time. She was really excited for the wetting, as much as she was enjoying the desperation, so rather than try to hold it the last few minutes, she just let it all out and peed her shorts for the second time today. She sighed of relief as the warm wetness once again spread through her crotch and butt. This time she could take pleasure in the wetting itself, and she absolutely loved it.

Hearing Fluttershy peeing and sighing, as well as looking at how wet her shorts were getting, made it harder for Rainbow to hold it. She leaked a little and whimpered, then chuckled, enjoying this.

Fluttershy sat and peed for about two and a half minutes. Rainbow leaked a few more times before Fluttershy finished.

"Ah, that's better," said Fluttershy. Her shorts were drenched and the wet spot on the couch was bigger than ever.

"Ooh... I've never held it with someone else peeing herself right next to me," said Rainbow. "I'm about to burst!"

Fluttershy smiled and started tickling Rainbow's armpits. Rainbow immediately started laughing hard, for she was extremely ticklish.

"HAHAHAHA! STOP! I'M GONNA PEE! HAHAHAHAHAHA!"

Fluttershy tickled harder, but Rainbow was already peeing like a race horse in her shorts. Fluttershy kept tickling away, enjoying the sight of Rainbow wetting herself. She knew Rainbow must be enjoying this if she loved wetting so much, and she probably hadn't been tickled into it before so it was probably a new experience for her.

Fluttershy stopped tickling a few seconds after Rainbow stopped peeing. "Feel better?" Fluttershy asked.

Rainbow caught her breath. "Much better." She felt her wet shorts. "And now I don't have to go to the bathroom anymore." She chuckled.

"I've been a naughty girl. I need a spanking."

"No you don't. We both love wetting, and it's all harmless fun!"

"Yes, I do." Fluttershy winked.

Rainbow realized Fluttershy wanted a spanking. She should have known right away, for she always liked it when Rainbow slapped her butt. "Over my lap, then." Fluttershy immediately climbed over Rainbow's lap. Rainbow really liked the sight of her butt in her sopping wet shorts. She put her hand on her tush and rubbed it, enjoying how it felt. "How hard do you want it?"

"Spank me as hard as you can," said Fluttershy, who was also enjoying Rainbow rubbing her behind.

"That's really gonna hurt."

"Would you be willing to give me a butt massage after?"

"You bet your wet little rear end I am!" Rainbow patted Fluttershy's butt lightly, then slapped her butt as hard as she could.

Pain shot through Fluttershy's rear but she enjoyed it. "Keep going, Dashie."

Rainbow spanked Fluttershy again, and again. With each swat, droplets of pee flew from her shorts. Fluttershy had a look of absolute pleasure on her face. Being spanked by Rainbow Dash in wet shorts was so much fun. She loved her butt being slapped, she loved peeing herself, and she loved Rainbow Dash.

After about thirty swats, Rainbow stopped.

"Aw, no more?" Fluttershy asked.

"Your butt must really hurt after all that. Time for your butt massage."

"Right." Fluttershy got off Rainbow Dash and got down on all fours with her head down and her butt in the air.

Rainbow started rubbing Fluttershy's rear end. She loved the sight of Fluttershy's butt in her face, in this position, in wet skintight shorts. She loved how her shorts smelled of pee, and she loved how soft her tush was, not to mention how wet.

Fluttershy took just as much pleasure in this. She could already feel the pain from the spanking going away. She loved buttplay, especially when Rainbow Dash was doing it to her.

Then she let out an airy fart in Rainbow Dash's face.

"Fluttershy!" said Rainbow Dash.

Fluttershy blushed. "Excuse me."

"You don't have to say that around me. Fart all you want!" Rainbow sniffed deeply and sighed of pleasure. Fluttershy giggled.

About ten minutes into the butt massage, Fluttershy had to pee again. She didn't want Rainbow to stop rubbing her butt, plus she loved wetting herself now.

Likewise, Rainbow also had to go to the bathroom, and didn't want to stop rubbing Fluttershy's butt.

Fluttershy sighed as she peed herself again. This time the pee was flowing down her legs. She really liked how this felt too, just as much as peeing in sitting position.

Rainbow chuckled, then peed her already-wet shorts as well.

After ten more minutes, Rainbow stopped rubbing Fluttershy's butt. "Did you enjoy that?"

"Yes. It was so much fun. I didn't want it to stop so I peed in my shorts." She giggled cutely.

"Me too." Rainbow patted Fluttershy's butt and stood up.

...

Soon it was bedtime.

"Want to change into pajamas or go into my bed as you are now?" Rainbow asked.

"As I am now, if that's all right," said Fluttershy. She and Rainbow were still in their wet shorts, having peed in them multiple times after the butt massage.

"I have mattress protection. You think I haven't peed in my bed before?"

"What a naughty, wet girl you are," said Fluttershy with a smile.

Rainbow liked hearing words like this. "If at any point you have to pee, you can do it in my bed."

"I will."

Rainbow and Fluttershy climbed into bed in their wet shorts. Rainbow patted Fluttershy's butt, and Fluttershy patted Rainbow's butt back, enjoying the feeling of both her butt and her wet shorts, before they fell asleep.

They both woke up to Rainbow's alarm, really needing to pee.

"Good morning, Dashie," said Fluttershy. At first she thought she had wet the bed, but then remembered her wet fun with Rainbow yesterday.

"Good morning, Flutters," said Rainbow. "I really have to pee."

"Me too."

A hissing noise was heard and Rainbow sighed in relief.

Fluttershy giggled, then let go and peed her shorts and the bed, also sighing of relief then giggling, enjoying the relief, the wetness, and the naughtiness of what she was doing.

Rainbow and Fluttershy cuddled in their puddle for an hour before they got out of bed and took a bubble bath in their wet shorts.

"This was really fun," said Rainbow Dash. "I'm probably gonna wet myself a lot more. If our friends don't mind, I'll start doing it in front of them too."

"Me too," said Fluttershy. Bubbles appeared in the water around her. She blushed and giggled.

Rainbow smiled, and bubbles appeared around her for twice as long as Fluttershy, and she sighed of relief. Fluttershy giggled again.

Chapter 2: A Wet Wedding

Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy had been wetting a lot more since their first wet day/night, and told their friends about it. None of them minded one bit.

Twilight Sparkle had said it wasn't that unusual and given a lengthy description about "omorashi", a fetish for wetting oneself.

Sunset Shimmer had said something like that would never affect their friendship, especially after all they'd forgiven her for.

Pinkie Pie, naturally, had found it funny and would sometimes tickle Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy into wetting themselves, which they liked, and in turn, sometimes when Pinkie really needed to pee, Rainbow Dash would either tickle her or let out a loud fart, both of which would make Pinkie pee her jean shorts, teal romper, or pink skirt from laughing too hard, and she would always find this funny as well, to the point that whenever she had to pee around Rainbow Dash, she looked in her direction as if asking her to induce a laugh wetting.

Applejack had taken advantage of this opportunity for friendly competition and challenged Rainbow to holding contests. Sometimes Rainbow won, sometimes Applejack won, sometimes they tied and wet themselves at the same time. Sometimes Fluttershy would add an extra challenge by wetting herself in front of them, after holding alongside them, and sighing of relief. Whoever won the holding contests would let go and wet herself shortly after. Applejack usually wore tight jeans or short, tight jean shorts for this.

And Rarity had said that she didn't care how unladylike her friends were, and that it wasn't a big deal. She was a little surprised that Fluttershy found it to be fun but was glad she didn't have to worry about a humiliation factor in wetting anymore. Furthermore, after witnessing a few wettings, Rarity revealed that she wet the bed, and knowing Rainbow and Fluttershy wet for fun made her feel less ashamed of it.

"If that's why you don't wanna sleep in the same bed as me, don't worry your pretty li'l head about it none," said Applejack. "Ah don't mind if you pee all over me when we sleep. In fact, whenever you wake up wet, I'll wet my pajamas too."

"Awww," said Rarity, hugging Applejack. "You don't mind that I sleep in my underwear, do you?"

"Not even a little bit." Applejack smiled and slapped Rarity's butt. Rarity giggled.

...

Soon, the day of Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy's wedding arrived. Rarity had made wedding dresses for both of them. By their request, while still looking fancy, the skirt wasn't overly wide.

"If you have to go to the bathroom while wearing the dress, you can just go right there," Rarity had said. "I don't mind."

Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy stood at the altar in their wedding dresses. Underneath, Fluttershy wore pink panties, and Rainbow Dash wore pink boyshort panties. She planned to give Fluttershy many upskirt views on their honeymoon and would enjoy whatever comments she made about her cute underwear.

Both had also drank lots of water, ice tea, and, in Rainbow's case, cider today. So they needed to pee rather badly. They could have used the bathroom before the wedding, of course, but they had their own little plan for this.

"Do you have to pee as much as I do?" Rainbow whispered to Fluttershy.

Fluttershy nodded with a cute smile on her face.

After they exchanged their vows and I do's, Rainbow and Fluttershy kissed. As they did, a hissing sound could be heard emanating from both of them as they peed in their dresses. Their panties took most of the damage and pee flowed down their legs and made a big puddle at their feet. Pee also dripped off the skirts of their dresses.

"That's nothing to be ashamed of," said Mayor Mare. "Wettings are not uncommon at weddings."

Rainbow and Fluttershy just giggled.

After the reception was over, Rainbow and Fluttershy got ready to leave for their honeymoon.

"Have a fun, wet honeymoon," said Applejack, winking at them.

"Don't worry, we will," said Rainbow.

In addition to the punch they drank at the wedding, Rainbow and Fluttershy also stopped at the convenience store for a soda and an extra large slushy for each of them. They had barely hit the road when they had to pee again. They had fun holding it for a bit, and when the urge got intense, they let it out in their wedding dresses again. This time the front of the skirts were tinted yellow, and they were sure the same applied to the butt of their dress, given that they were peeing in sitting position. Their panties were absolutely soaked. They giggled at the contrast of girls in fancy dresses doing something so dirty.

Then Rainbow Dash let out a short, loud, wet fart and chuckled.

Fluttershy giggled, and then a long, loud, deep-pitched fart made its way out of her. BBBBBRRRRRRT!

...

A week later, Rainbow and Fluttershy returned. They had not washed or changed out of their dresses since the wedding, so they smelled bad and their dresses were dirty, especially the skirt parts of them, because although they never messed themselves, whenever they needed to pee they would go in their dresses. Sometimes they would give each other golden showers through their panties, which they both enjoyed. So their dresses were stained all over. Sometimes they would pee on each other while being spanked with their skirts up.

They met up with their friends at Applejack's backyard.

"Welcome back... Good heavens, have you washed since the wedding?" Rarity asked.

"Not once," said Rainbow proudly.

"Or changed out of these dresses," said Fluttershy with a cute smile.

Rarity sniffed them and recoiled. They smelled strongly of urine and body odor. "I... hope you had a fun honeymoon."

"You bet we did," said Rainbow. Fluttershy nodded.

"But right now you really need a bath."

Fluttershy sniffed her armpit. "Yes, we do. We really stink."

"How would you like to take a bath in our wooden tubs here?" Applejack asked.

"Sure, that'll be fun," said Rainbow.

"We can stay in our wedding dresses, right?" Fluttershy asked.

"I don't see why not," said Rarity.

Applejack filled two wooden tubs with warm, soapy water. While they waited, Rainbow and Fluttershy wet themselves one more time. Still in their dirty, smelly, pee-soaked dresses, Rainbow Dash climbed into one tub, and Fluttershy climbed into the other. Applejack and Rarity poured a bucket of water over Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy, respectively, and then lathered their hair with shampoo. Once their hair was covered in suds, Applejack scrubbed Rainbow Dash hard with soap while Rarity scrubbed Fluttershy more gently. Both Rainbow and Fluttershy enjoyed taking a bath like this. Rainbow farted in the tub at one point, which made Pinkie giggle.

Then, Rainbow and Fluttershy positioned their butts in the air and Applejack and Rarity scrubbed them. Rainbow and Fluttershy didn't really mind anyone other than each other doing this, not even when they lifted their skirts and washed their dirty underwear, but of course they found it most fun with each other.

Finally, Rainbow and Fluttershy were mostly clean, though their dresses still had pee stains on them. They went home and changed into their sports outfits again, which hadn't been washed since the last time they had wet them so, while dry, their shorts smelled of pee. Not that it mattered. As they headed to Pinkie's house for a welcome back party, after rubbing their butts together, Rainbow and Fluttershy knew they would go into their sleeping bags wet tonight!

Chapter 3: Swimsuits Are Meant to Get Wet Anyway

Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash were relaxing on the beach. Rainbow was wearing her swimsuit, pink swim shorts and a rainbow sports bra. Fluttershy was wearing her wetsuit, and her sports outfit underneath.

Rainbow Dash had gotten five slushies. On seeing this, Fluttershy immediately ran over to the slushie shop. Not only was she hot from wearing a wetsuit on the beach, but she knew five slushies would make her really have to pee.

"Five slushies, please," said Fluttershy, and named off five of the flavors listed.

As Fluttershy was paying for them, the cashier said "If you end up peeing your wetsuit, it's no big deal, people do it all the time."

Fluttershy giggled. "I probably will." She returned to Rainbow Dash and drank her slushies as fast as she could. She then sat on the beach in a relaxed position with her knees up.

It wasn't long before she needed to pee. She didn't even fidget this time, just maintained her current sitting position. She waited until it became too intense to call it "relaxed", and then she just let it all out where she sat.

Rainbow could hear a loud hissing noise emanating from Fluttershy. The wetsuit was containing her pee so she couldn't see any wetness or pee pouring out. As fun as it was to watch Fluttershy's shorts or underwear darken with her pee, in its own way it was just as fun to know Fluttershy was peeing but not see any wetness. Especially when she could hear it, it sounded like Fluttershy's stream could rival her own.

Fluttershy sighed of relief and pleasure. The warm wetness spreading through her wetsuit felt wonderful, as well as the sense of relief, and she just felt so relaxed. It was so convenient to not have to rush to the bathroom anymore; unless she was on a carpet, couch, or seat she really didn't want to pee on, she could just go in whatever she was wearing right where she was. Her shorts were soaked underneath her wetsuit.

After two minutes...

"You're STILL peeing?" Rainbow asked. She of course needed to go pretty badly at this point, and it was harder to hold it hearing Fluttershy peeing and sighing.

Fluttershy giggled. "You're really going to soak your swim shorts since you drank as much as I did."

After a total of three minutes and seven seconds, Fluttershy stopped peeing. "Ah, that's better," she said. She wiggled her butt around and let out a loud, sputtering wet fart.

"Excuse you, Fluttershy," said Rainbow with a smile. She then started peeing her swim shorts. It wasn't long before they were flooded and pee flowed down her legs in torrents. The warm release felt amazing, and she liked how wet her shorts and legs were getting. "I'm peeing like a race horse." She chuckled.

"We are such wet, naughty girls," said Fluttershy.

"You can say that again." About a minute and a half into peeing, Rainbow sat down next to Fluttershy. Her legs were already glistening with her pee and now her butt was getting wet, as was the sand around her. Rainbow enjoyed every second of this. Anyone who walked by after she was done peeing would think she had just walked waist deep into water. Not that she minded if they knew the truth.

Rainbow peed for three minutes and nine seconds, and sat there in her wet swim shorts. "We should have a contest to see who can pee the longest," she said. "In our shorts, of course."

"That sounds fun," said Fluttershy. She soaked in her own pee for an hour, and peed again before standing up. When she did, pee ran out of the leg holes of her wetsuit and soaked the sand where she stood.

"Wow, that's a lot of pee," said Rainbow.

Fluttershy giggled.

Rainbow lifted her leg, farted, and she and Fluttershy walked on the beach for a bit before going to Rainbow's house, where Fluttershy removed her wetsuit, Rainbow changed into her sports outfit, and they had some more fun. Fluttershy stayed in her wet shorts, for she knew she was going to pee in them a lot more today!

THE END... for now

Yes, I haven't thought of any new scenarios for the Sunset one aside from her becoming potty untrained.

