(1) Harry's accident

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-06-04 18:14

Harry Potter omorashi fanfic with some drarry;) this is my first ever story on here so please be nice

(1) Harry's accident...

Harry was sitting in Snape's Potions class squirming on his seat. Luckily no one could see him since he sat all the way in the back of the classroom right in between Ron and Hermoine. That last one was way too busy writing down everything Snape said so she didn't notice his desperation.

He really needed to use the bathroom. He already had to go at the end of Transfiguration but he thought he could use the bathroom quickly in between classes. Too bad Snape was already waiting for them in the hallway and they all had to go straight to the classroom.

Harry looked at the clock. It was only twenty more minutes. It wasn't that long. He could do this. He had to, he really didn't want to ask Snape if he could go to the restroom now. He wouldn't allow him. Therefore he hated Harry too much.

Harry tried his best to pay attention which was really hard because he kept focussing on his full bladder. He hadn't used the bathroom today and it was almost lunch so he really had to go now.

Harry couldn't sit still, he kept moving on his seat trying to relieve some of the pressure on his bladder.

It wasn't the first time he was desperate in class, once he had drank a lot of water before Defense against The Dark Arts and he had to go real badly. Luckily his teacher was professor Lupin and he knew about Harry's bladder trouble. Ever since he had met Harry for the first time on the Hogwarts Express and he helped him to clean himself up after he had an accident.

This time it was professor Snape and he wouldn't be this nice. Harry was not going to wet himself during this class though. He just couldn't do it.He had to hold it. He was 14 so he should've to be able to hold it for another fifteen minutes.

At least that's what he tried to tell himself. His bladder was telling him otherwise. The pressure got worse every minute and Harry was now really uncomfortable. He knew he couldn't wait until the end of class so he raised his hand, more nervous than ever. Because one: he was embarrassed to ask it cause they had class with the Slytherins and two: Snape hated him and he would never allow him to leave the classroom. Harry had no other choice though. He sat there raising his hand for quite a while since Snape had seen it but he just ignored him. He kept squirming on his seat and his desperation was now very visible.

Snape looked at him annoyed.

'Yes Potter?'

Harry got all nervous and his hand was all sweaty.

'Can I please go to the restroom, Sir?' He asked, his voice sounded shaky.

Snape now looked even more annoyed.

'Haven't I told before that no one leaves my class before the bell rings?'

Harry felt another wave of desperation hit him and he bit his lip, squeezing his thighs together to hold back the flow.

'I know Sir...' He answered. 'But I really need to go...'

It was obvious that he was dying for a pee but Snape ignored it.

'It's only 10 minutes left, Potter. You can wait.'

Harry knew he couldn't but he didn't say anything. He could see Malfoy -who was sitting at the other side of the class- laughing.

'Harry Potty is going to wet himself again!'

Harry felt horrible but he tried to ignore Malfoy's comment.

Hermoine and Ron looked at him worried.

'Are you okay, Harry?' Hermoine asked.

Seeing the desperate look on his face he clearly was not.

'I'm fine...' Harry lied while he grabbed his crotch, luckily he was sitting at his desk so no one could see.

He had to go so bad and it was 10 more minutes. It was impossible that he could get out of this classroom without having accident. He got even more nervous which only made it worse.

Every now and then he saw Malfoy looking at him. Grinning.

After the worst 10 minutes of his life the bell finally rang. All of the students hurried out of the classroom. Harry was surprisingly still pretty dry, he only peed a little in his underwear. He made sure Ron and Hermoine already left and he got out of the classroom as fast as he could, running to the boys bathroom at the end of the hallway. He was almost there, in a couple seconds he could finally pee. Harry's need to go got worse the closer he came to the bathroom. He was so happy that he was almost there but when he arrived he wasn't anymore...

Malfoy was standing right in front of the door to get into the toilets.

Harry suddenly felt like he was about to cry.

Just no. Malfoy smiled evil.

'Look who's there. Harry Potty!'

He started laughing hard with his own joke but Harry didn't think it was funny.

He stood there, shifting his weight from his one leg to his other trying not to wet himself.

'Come on, Malfoy!' He said annoyed. 'Let me go.'

Malfoy nodded his head.

'Why would I?'

Harry started to get even more nervous. His bladder was hurting and he started to leak. Warm pee started running into his underwear. Oh no he was having an accident...

'I need to go, Malfoy, please!' Harry said desperate while he crossed his legs tightly to stop himself from peeing. It worked but it wouldn't be for long.

Malfoy looked at him, crossing his arms in front of him.

He clearly enjoyed seeing Harry this desperate.

'You're such a baby, Potter!' He said then.

Harry was getting mad and wanted to push him so he couldn't get into the bathroom but he had to hold his crotch to make sure he wouldn't start peeing.

'Malfoy please...' Harry begged.

'Let me pass, please... I can't hold it...'

It was the truth. His bladder was about to burst and it was really hurting him.

'No, Potter.' Malfoy answered while looking at him. Harry didn't know why but he looked at him in a different way. He was still annoying but it looked like he didn't have the hatred he usually had.

Harry didn't get it.

'Please...' Harry tried again.

'Just follow me okay?' Malfoy said then.

Harry didn't care anymore and he just did what he asked. He'd do everything to use the bathroom now.

Malfoy opened the door of the boys restroom and got in there.

'Come on...'

Harry followed him and Malfoy closed the door behind him.

Harry didn't know what to do.

'Now what?' He asked, squirming.

Malfoy didn't say anything and walked up to him.

'What's are you doing...'

Harry started panicking, this caused him to pee a little more.

'Sssshhh...'

Ohhh. That noise only made him have to go worse. Harry closed his eyes and suddenly he felt Malfoy grabbing him.

'Malfoy...what...'

The blonde boy didn't listen and grabbed Harry, pushing him against the wall.

Harry didn't say anything, he was shocked and shaking because he was scared and about to pee himself.

His bladder was hurting even more and it started cramping. He knew he was gonna lose it soon.

Malfoy started touching him, first his chest then he started going lower...

Harry felt how Malfoy touched his tummy and he couldn't help it but moan.

'Ahhh...'

'Don't say anything Harry...'

Malfoy's hands went down Harry's belly to his lower stomach.

This was it, he couldn't take it anymore.

His bladder was cramping worse than before and Harry couldn't hold it any longer. The pee started dripping in his underwear, and he couldn't stop. He started peeing forcefully and the warm pee started running down his legs. He tried his best to stop it but he just couldn't. Harry closed his eyes and enjoyed relieving himself.

'Ohhh...'

When he was done peeing, his bladder still sore from the holding he opened his eyes and saw Draco still standing in front of him.

Oh god.

'Malfoy...I...I need to go now...'

He tried to get away but Malfoy didn't let him.

Harry felt so embarrassed.

Malfoy looked at him.

'No you don't.'

'What?...I don't get it.' Harry answered confused. 'Why did you do this to me?'

Malfoy didn't answer.

'You're such a baby, Potter.' He said then again.

'But I like that...'

Harry didn't believe what was happening.

'Are you telling me that...'

Malfoy came closer to Harry, his body touching Harry's.

'I've been waiting for this for so long...'

Harry still didn't get why Malfoy acted like this, but didn't do anything.

Suddenly Malfoy came even more close, closer to his face and then it happened.

He kissed him. Harry was breathing heavily, but he didn't stop him. His pants were all wet but he somehow didn't pay attention to that.

When they were done kissing they looked at each other.

Harry didn't know what to say.

This was the first time he noticed Malfoy's blue eyes. How beautiful they were.

'You're even better than I imagined.' Malfoy whispered touching Harry's hair.

Harry looked at him shy and couldn't help but smile a little.

What the hell had just happened? Draco Malfoy kissed him...

And the worst thing was that he didn't dislike it...

