A Not So Silver Stream

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-07-29 18:17

Another My Little Pony fanfic. Hopefully no one who hates the fetish stumbles upon this and starts hating her based on the name pun.

Also the idea was suggested for me by someone on derpibooru who would very much like to read this.

A Not So Silver Stream

Silverstream was trying on different outfits for Rarity, who was quite thrilled at designing outfits for Hippogriffs, which she had never done before. Silverstream was just trying on a sports outfit consisting of a teal tank top and skintight pink shorts, when she looked at the clock.

"Oh! Rarity, I gotta go! The train's about to leave for the Crystal Empire! Twilight's gonna show me King Sombra's flights of stairs!"

"Well, have fun, darling."

Silverstream ran out the door, still in Rarity's sports outfit, for she didn't want to risk missing the train by taking extra time to take it off. Besides, the outfit was perfect for flying fast, as she flew toward the train at top speed.

She made it onto the train with a minute to spare. She found Twilight sitting in one of the seats, and sat down next to her.

"I'm so glad you could make it," said Twilight. "I know you'll love this."

"Two long flights of stairs!" said Silverstream. "It's too bad King Sombra was as bad as the Storm King. We could have been really good friends."

"That's a nice outfit, by the way. Rarity's design?"

"Of course!"

The train arrived at the Crystal Empire. As Silverstream stepped out, she felt a slight need to pee from all the soda she drank earlier, but ignored it, wanting to find the stairs as soon as possible.

Twilight led Silverstream to the throne room of the Crystal Palace. After exchanging greetings with Shining Armor and Princess Cadence, Twilight cast Sombra's spell to open up his spiral staircase leading down.

"Wow!" said Silverstream excitedly. She ran down the stairs as fast as she could. As she ran, her need to pee intensified, but she barely paid any attention. She just wanted to run down the stairs.

By the time she reached the bottom, Twilight was waiting for her, having flown down. Though Sombra was long gone, his secret passages still remained, including the door. As Silverstream became more aware of her need to pee and crossed her legs, Twilight cast a light spell on the door and opened it. She let Silverstream step through first.

Silverstream looked up at the endless staircase. She sat down in awe as she looked further up. Stairs as far as the eye could see. She was so excited she peed herself. Twilight watched as her pink shorts grew wet and a puddle grew under her. Silverstream barely noticed how wet she was getting or the hissing sound, still too distracted by these stairs the likes of which she had never seen.

"Why didn't you use the bathroom on the train?" said Twilight. "Or before the castle?"

Silverstream realized she was peeing, and blushed. "I didn't have to go on the train, and when I did, I thought I could hold it. But I didn't know how bad I needed to go, and when I saw the stairs, I was so excited I just couldn't hold it!" She giggled a bit. "They should call me Golden Stream after this."

"Don't feel too bad, I wet one of my sports outfits once too. Okay, maybe twice." Twilight blushed lightly. Silverstream didn't seem to mind too much, though.

Once Silverstream finished wetting herself, she stood up and ran up the stairs, not caring that she was still in her pee-soaked shorts.

She ran on the stairs for an hour before she eventually got tired and ran back down. She wasn't a great deal farther from the bottom, as it turned out.

From her friendship classes, she knew Twilight used a gravity spell to slide up the endless stairs. If Silverstream wanted to reach the top she could have just flown up.

"That was AWESOME!" said Silverstream. "What now?"

"Now we get you a bath," said Twilight.

Silverstream giggled and followed Twilight to the nearest bath.

