Calderone's Coffee House

Author: Tonyx

*000*2014-07-16 11:17

Hi everybody ! This is my first story, I hope you'll enjoy it. English isn't my first language, so I apologize in advance for any spelling or grammar mistakes. I know how unpleasant it can be.

###

"Thanks. You can keep the change." Alicia said to the taxi driver before slamming the car's door a little too hard. In one of the the quick, nervous motions that characterized her, she put her collar back in place, fixed her dark brown hair, and stepped confidently inside the nearest shop. Over the entry, an old-fashioned neon sign read Calderone's Coffee House. It blinked at night, although the place closed early in the evening ; on sunday mornings, students that had spotted the purple light the night before rushed in for a quick hangover fix that Mr. Calderone was happy to serve himself. As far as Alicia knew, he was the only barista creative - or stupid - enough to mix green tea and coffee together.

As soon as she opened the door, the old Italian man quickly got up from his chair to greet her.

"Alicia ! There you are." he said with his thick accent.

"Mr. Calderone, how are you ?" she answered.

Although he insisted that Alicia call him by his first name, it never felt right for her. Somehow, despite his small height, her boss displayed an aura of power and strength. Maybe it was the impressive ring he always wore on his index finger. Or his straight, proud stature. Or the silences we deliberately left in the conversation to look people deeply in the eye. Alicia had always remembered her job inteview with him, since after a series of basic questions the man had prepared two capuccinos and they spent hours talking about life. Their friendship is mainly the reason why Alicia chose his coffee shop over Starbucks for her part-time job. But today, he seemed more tired than usual. This probably had to do with the shop being for sale.

"You are twenty minutes late. I thought we agreed for today... You received my text messages, didn't you ?"

Alicia felt the blood drain from her head. How could you forget ?

"Oh my god, I'm so sorry, I..." she started.

"It's okay, I could handle a few more minutes." a deep voice said behind the counter.

The voice belonged to Jimmy, the second employee of Calderone's Coffee House. Alicia looked in his direction, and her eyes met the empty, sad gaze of a porn-addicted teenager. Although Jimmy was always very friendly, sometimes he would freeze, his eyes lost in the dark of a coffee cup. It took a few snaps to take him out of his trance, after which he forced a smile back on his face. Strange kid. Jimmy quickly made his way to Mr. Calderone to shake his hand, exchanged a few awkward words with Alicia, and left. He was done for the day. Only then, Mr. Calderone explained the situation to her. One of the most interested buyers for the shop would arrive any second, and everything had to be running smoothly and without interruption during the meeting. She had to get to work immediately.

Usually, Alicia made sure to arrive in advance so she could apply some makeup, and more importantly, go to the bathroom. During the day, coffee machines scattered around her law school helped her feed her caffeine addiction, with the slight inconvenient of having to go more frequently. She never went to the bathroom after her last class, considering she could quickly hop in a cab and relieve herself at the coffee house. But today, she would have to deal with it. As soon as she pondered the idea, she felt a strong urge to pee, as if the simple fact that she won't have access to the bathroom for the next two hours made it suddenly more intense. You're gonna have to hold it. She took place behind the counter, put on her apron, and noticed how well it went with her black summer skirt.

The first thirty minutes went by easily. Mr. Calderone was chatting with the buyer on the other end of the room. When no other clients were around, Alicia tried to read their lips, but never could figure out what the conversation was about. Mr. Calderone was leaning forward, his fingers crossed on the table, in a position that seemed rather uncomfortable. She was disrupted by a slight headache, indicator of caffeine withdrawal. Alicia prepared a cup of a strong arabica coffee, sprinkled cinnamon on top, and started to drink it. The first sip, combined with the complex smell, sent a wave of pleasure through her body. That's better. Her headache disappeared gradually, but by now it was hard for her to stay still, and she had to wiggle one of her legs constantly to fight the urge to go. She glanced over to the toilet door next to her boss, but her mind firmly refused. She wasn't going to disappoint Mr. Calderone for a simple bathroom problem, although it was becoming pretty important.

After an hour, the tension became almost unbearable for Alicia. When nobody was looking, her hand reached for her crotch and helped sustain the urge to pee. She had a few strange looks from clients, while some others seemed amused to see her so desperate. In the other corner of the room, Mr. Calderone and the buyer had both removed their vests and rolled up their sleeves to be more at ease. There was an open briefcase on the table, full of various documents and contracts, and the golden sunlight entering by the shop windows gave an unreal appearance to the scene.

For Alicia, the minutes started getting longer, and with each of them more strange thoughts filled her head. For one brief second, moving from side to side with her thighs pressed tightly together, her mind went adrift and she remembered last Halloween, when she and her two best friends went to a party disguised as babies. Jenny had joked about how practical it was to be actually wearing a pull-up diaper as an adult and, ironically enough, this night she laughed so hard a small leak almost turned into an accident. Alicia could have sworn the old pack of diapers they bought at the last minute was still somewhere around her house, and wondered how much she would be ready to pay to have one on herself right now.

The door opened, and took her out of her thoughts. The client was a guy in a grey business suit that barked his order at Alicia, projecting a strong odor of menthol and cheap perfume towards her in the process. Jerk. She realized her hand was still jammed between her crotch. She released it, and used it to empty the coffee pot into a disposable cup. She poured cold skim milk into a metal cup, frothed it into a creamy foam, and poured it on top of the coffee. While trying not to breathe the toxic smell of the man in front of her, she announced the price, her gaze caught by a mustard stain on his tie.

The young execituve started searching his wallet, obviously determined to give the right change. Meanwhile, manipulating these liquids had reminded Alicia of how desperate she was. She clumsily leaned on the counter, her both hands on the edge, and felt the pain in her bladder grow even more. When the guy proudly threw his coins on the counter, she didn't even check if the price was right. She cashed it immediately, said thanks in a nervous voice, and turned around to take care of the drip coffee machine. But her hand went to her stomach instead, and her eyes closed for a brief moment.

There were five different coffee machines in Calderone's Coffee House, and for each one the raw coffee beans had to be grinded differently. The huge coffee drip machine was the first of them, the one the business started with. Despite five years of work, it still made perfect coffee, thanks to an extremely fastidious weekly maintenance. When it was turned on, the water in the tank slowly started to heat up, and was brought to the top of the machine by a sort of rigid straw.

Alicia froze as she felt her inner muscles were failing her. Despite all afforts, she was losing the battle. Her eyes grew in horror.

Drip by drip, the hot water is brought up and released directly into fine ground coffee. And little by little, the liquid reaches and stains the filter, which slowly takes the color of the fresh coffee.

Alicia felt a strange, unusual warmth spreading around her crotch. She lifted the front of her skirt a few inches, putting the apron aside, and noticed, terrified, that her blue panties were wet. You're wet. Losing control like a little girl.

As more and more water proceeds through the coffee, the filter eventually gets saturated, and the first drops start to collect at the bottom of the clean glass pot.

Alicia felt more warmth. This time, four drops found their way to the floor, and she felt another one sliding along her left leg. As she saw the four small puddles on the floor, she realized it was too late. To late to ask for a simple permission. Why didn't she do it ? Everybody would probably have understood... How much would you pay to be wearing a diaper right now ?

The liquid, transparent at first, becomes darker and darker with the amount of coffee produced. The ground beans and the filter are unable to hold any more water, allowing a constant stream to pass through until nothing is left in the initial tank.

Completely helpless, Alicia brought her hand in front of her mouth and witnessed her own accident, completely letting go. Her thick underwear quickly overflowed, and half of the stream was trickling down her left leg, while the other half found its way directly to the floor, splashing on her shoes. The wetness had spread to the seat of her panties, and since she was unable to stop, all she could hope for was that her skirt remained dry. She peed herself for what seemed like an eternity until she was left, in shock, her underwear still dripping into the gigantic puddle at her feet.

"Alicia ? Everything all right ?"

She jumped in surprise and turned around. Had Mr. Calderone noticed someting ? He was leaning back on his chair and seemed worried.

"No, no, everything's alright, Mr. Calderone." she said in a trembling voice. You're wet, you're not alright.

"Ah, good, good. Would you please serve a last coffee to Mr. Hopkins here, before he goes ? It's a Caffe Americano, size 2, to-go."

Alicia smiled uncomfortably as the potential buyer, the handsome Mr. Hopkins, approached the counter. While she was preparing the cup, she noticed how wet she felt when she walked and wondered how much time it would take to dry up.

When the coffee is ready, the steam transports its delicious smell and fills the room with it, making any coffee lover salivate in expectation.

Alicia saw Mr. Hopkins wrinkle his nose a brief moment and take his eyes to the floor.

"Spilled something ?" he asked.

"What ? Oh, uh... Yes. Water was a little too hot to handle so I spilled some of it. I'll wash it up." she said, handing him his cup.

Hopkins raised an eyebrow and smiled. A few minutes after he was gone, Mr. Calderone allowed Alicia to go home earlier. She thanked him and brought the floor cloth back to the maintenance local. She gathered her belongings, but before she went out, decided to take a trip to the bathroom.

"You poor thing, you must be desperate to go after one hour and a half of service." remarked Mr. Calderone.

Alicia gave no answer. Instead, she locked herself in and stepped in front of the dirty mirror. Lifting her skirt, she could see the dark patch covering her underwear in the reflexion. She didn't know how to feel. No-one noticed after all. A quick check revealed that it was still wet ; in a few hours, there won't be any trace of the accident. And how naughty will it feel to ride the cab home when the driver had no idea of what happened ?

###

Alicia was standing in her recently renoved kitchen. Everything here seemed made for people taller than humans, and there were definitely too many cupboards. She kneeled in front of her kitchen sink and opened some of them. Taking out a few bottles of unidentified house products, she reached to the far end for a colorful square plastic bag. After replacing the bottles where they were, she closed the cupboards and sat on the cold tiles, contemplating the bag. After a minute, she took a soft, folded pullup diaper out of it. It's for little girls. She unfolded it, and examinated the various patterns at its surface. But you wet yourself like a little girl after all.

She stuffed the diaper at the bottom of her bag, covered it with other stuff, and went out. How much would you pay to be wearing a diaper right now ?

*004*2014-07-18 21:33

Thanks to you all ! I really appreciate the feedback.

