The Water Gym Leader

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-05-12 19:02

Ash, Misty, and Brock were on their way to the next city. All Ash could think about was finding the next gym so he could win his next badge for the Pokemon League.

All Misty could think about was how badly she needed to pee. She wished she had used the bathroom before they left the previous city, but she hadn't needed to go then. At least she didn't think she did.

She was used to swimming around at the Cerulean City Gym, and whenever she needed to go, she usually peed in the water instead of getting out to find a bathroom. She didn't often hold it until travelling with Ash.

Misty kept an eye open for any bathrooms along the road, but for a while they ran into none. As the minutes went by, her need to pee became greater.

Eventually, their path ran alongside a river, with a waterfall over a nearby mountain. Misty usually loved anything water, but this time the sound of running water made her more uncomfortable.

As they walked, Misty was in desperate need of a bathroom. She considered going for a swim in the river, with the excuse that she loved swimming, but the current of this river looked too strong to swim in. She sighed and continued walking along the path with Ash and Brock. She could feel the pee sloshing around inside her.

About twenty minutes later, they finally left the river and reached a forest area.

Misty really needed to go, and she couldn't see any cities or bathrooms nearby, so she decided to do the only thing she could in this situation.

"Can we stop for a minute?" she said, putting both hands on her crotch.

"What's the matter, Misty?" said Ash.

"I have to go to the bathroom really badly," said Misty, blushing a little. "I thought I'd go behind those trees, so no peeking!"

"We'll be waiting right here," said Brock.

Misty ran into the woods. She didn't want to go too far, but she also wanted to make sure she was out of Ash's sight.

She stopped behind a particularly big tree. She was sure no one could see her here.

But before she could even put a hand on her jean shorts to pull them down, several Kakuna suddenly same down all around her. A few Weedle walked by.

Misty froze in terror. She hated bugs more than anything in the world. She trembled with fright, and felt her shorts grow warm and wet. Waterfalls flowed down her legs in torrents, forming a puddle at her feet. After peeing for about ten seconds she turned around and ran back to the path, screaming at the top of her lungs, and still peeing.

She reached the path, and stopped in front of Ash and Brock, panting. The wet spot on her shorts was clearly visible, and her legs glistened with pee.

"Did you wet yourself again?" Ash teased.

"Shut up," said Misty, blushing lightly.

"Let me guess. Bug Pokemon again!"

On their travels, Misty would usually pee herself whenever she was frightened by a Bug Pokemon. She was kind of used to it by now, but it was still embarrassing for her.

