Pokemon girls omorashi

Author: TJC

*000*2011-08-08 00:35

Chapter one

It was a bright sunny day in petalburg woods. Ash Brock and Max were taking a day off, May on the other hand was going to spend the day training her torchic. She walked deep into the woods until she found a nice quiet spot and she trained all day up until dinner time. That was when she felt a pain in her bladder. You see, throughout the day May had drank about 3 litres of water and now it had to come out. May returned Torchic to its ball and then set off to find some washrooms, which were 3 miles away. The reason May didn't just go in the bushes was because she was afraid of being seen. May had just walked two and a half miles and it looked like she was gonna make it. Suddenly, Team rocket showed up in their balloon and recited their motto.

"Prepare for forest trouble!"

"And make it tree trunk double!"

To protect the world from devastat..."

"Torchic use ember now!" May released her torchic from its ball and it blasted off Team rocket. "We're blasting off again!" May returned torchic and now she really had to go. She was bending her knees and holding her very swollen bladder as tears dripped from her eyes as she walked to the washrooms. As soon as May thought she couldn't hold on any longer she reached the toilets, she was about two meters away from being able to relieve herself in the portapotties. Suddenly, she tripped on a tree root. And then, because of the shock she peed herself, less than 2 meters from the toilet. She tried to stop but the golden liquid wouldn't top until it made a big yellow staing on her shorts and drizzled on her legs. Just then, Ash and the others found he, right after her accident... In the end, May did end up being seen urinating, but in a much more humiliating manner...

Chapter two

It had been about two months since May's Petalburg woods accident and now she was about to compete in a pokemon contest in Rusberto city. Ash Brock and Max took their seats in the spectators area as May walked onto the stage. She was wearing a beautiful light green dress with a pink heart necklace. The preliminaries came first and May put on a dazzling performance, so dazzling she was ranked first out of eight people. Then came time for the battling rounds. Unforunately for May, she started having to go pee, badly. Before she could go it was her turn, she battled a Bulbasaur and won. May was on her way to the semis. May was about to use the bathroom but she was stopped by some reporters. "Excuse me miss but we'd like to in terview you after your amazing performance."

"Well... shure..." May replied with uncertainty. By the time the interview was over it was time for her Next battle. She took the stage with bent knees and doing a little dance to hold it in. She battled a Zigzagoon and again won. May thought this was her opportunity to relieve herself but the cameras swarmed her before she could go. It was now the finals and Drew was her opponent. Unfortunately for her, May was ready to burst. She bent her knees and held her crotch to hold it in.

This distracted her and Drew's Roselia demolished her Torchic. May was sad about the loss but she was happy she could finally pee. Just as she arrived at the washroom doors the reporters were there and asked for another interview. May tried to refuse but the said."Nonsense, this will only take a moment." Just as May was about to say something She noticed something dripping down her legs. It was the pee. It left a big spot on her dress and a little dripping down her legs. May stood there on live tv with tears down her cheeks as millions of people saw her accident.

*007*2011-11-13 01:07

Thanks for all the helpful advice.

