Aria Blaze's Wet Camping Trip

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2017-10-17 22:19

This is a section of a story I wrote on fimfiction.net. It is Equestria Girls, of course, so she'll be human. If you don't know who she is, look her up on google image search.

There is more to the original story, I just put the first section in here for people who love a spanking after a wetting.

Apologies if the quality isn't the best. Also, there were three fart scenes which I removed, since I know some people might be turned off by them. If farts are your kind of thing, whether it's another of your fetishes, or when combined with wetting, or if you just find it funny, read the full story here

. Though, here I changed the fart after the wetting to... well, it's in the second last paragraph. Here she also gets more extra swats. I also added a bit more detail into the spanking.

Aria Blaze's Wet Camping Trip

Aria Blaze was running through a dark forest. Rainbow Dash was chasing after her. Aria ran as fast as she could, but Rainbow Dash was faster. Rainbow Dash kicked Aria in the butt and Aria fell to the ground, her rear end in the air. Rainbow Dash spanked her again and again. Somehow it didn't hurt but it was humiliating all the same.

Then Aria had to pee badly. She stood up and ran, but Rainbow Dash gave her a wedgie and hung her up on a tree. Everyone at Canterlot High appeared and laughed at her. Aria was so embarrassed she wet herself right there. Then Rainbow Dash manifested her wings, flew up to Aria so that her butt was positioned in front of her face, as if about to fart on her.

Then, Aria woke up. She looked around, and breathed a sigh of relief. This was just a nightmare about the humiliating event that had happened to her two days ago. Rainbow Dash hadn't done that to her again. She'd have no reason to as long as the sirens left the Rainbooms alone.

Aria's relief was short-lived, however. Her pants felt wet. She quickly sat up and removed the bed sheets. She was sitting in a puddle that smelled like pee. Aria couldn't believe it - she had wet the bed.

Aria sat frozen with fear for about five minutes, until she decided to get cleaned up and hope the other two sirens wouldn't notice. Before she could do anything, however, Sonata Dusk burst into the room.

"Rise and shine, Aria!" she said cheerfully.

Aria blushed beet red.

Sonata looked at Aria's wet pants. Today she had gone to sleep in her usual outfit, and she had had another accident in her purple pants. Sonata started laughing hard.

"It's not funny!" said Aria. "You are absolutely the WORST!"

After Aria had showered and changed into a new pair of pants identical to her usual ones, Adagio Dazzle walked up to them and said "We're going camping now."

They packed up everything they were taking with them, and drove to a campsite, which was four hours away. Adagio was driving their car, while Aria and Sonata sat beside each other in the back seat.

"Can't we find a closer campsite?" said Sonata. "This ride is boring!"

"This is the campsite where we came across those three people we saw arguing really hard 20 years ago," said Adagio. "It gave us an unexpected meal and I have good memories of that place!"

"Can we at least listen to the radio?" said Sonata.

Adagio turned on the radio. They listened to some songs, and Adagio wished they could still sing like that, though the thought never crossed Sonata's mind, she just enjoyed the songs.

After about twenty minutes, Aria realized she hadn't used the bathroom before they'd left, and she had drank several cups of soda. She had forgotten they were going camping today, her embarrassing accident had driven it out of her mind. She was very uncomfortable now, and crossed her legs. She didn't want to wet herself twice in one day! Sonata would never let her forget it!

After about ten more minutes, they drove by a city.

"Can we stop at a gas station or something?" said Aria.

"We're not stopping for anything," said Adagio. "The drive is long enough."

Aria knew what she was about to say next would be risky, for fear that Sonata would make her have another accident, but she knew it was her best chance to find relief before she did without Sonata's help. "I have to go to the bathroom."

"You should have gone before we left," said Adagio.

"I'll always remember in the future, but can we please stop now?" pleaded Aria.

"Just hold it," said Adagio.

Sonata giggled. "I hope you don't end up peeing your pants again!"

Aria blushed.

...

It was two hours into the trip, and Aria really needed to go. She was holding herself and fidgeting non-stop. Sonata was no longer paying attention to the radio now, eagerly watching Aria and waiting for her to wet herself again. She considered startling Aria or tickling her, but decided against it because she didn't want Adagio to blame her for ruining the seat of her car.

Aria was in a lot of pain. She had to pee so badly, but Adagio wasn't stopping. She knew she wasn't going to hold it for another two hours.

"Adagio, can you pull over? I'll just pee at the side of the road!"

Sonata looked disappointed.

"I told you we're not stopping," said Adagio.

"But I don't think I'm gonna make it!"

"That's your problem, not mine."

Aria was really fidgeting now. The pressure in her bladder was extreme, and she'd be going for another two hours without relief. She knew beyond all doubt that she wasn't going to make it, but she held it in for as long as she could.

Then, ten minutes later, Aria felt her jeans grow warm and wet. Sonata could see her pants getting darker, and hear the hissing sound coming from her, and laughed her ass off. Aria was blushing profusely as she continued to soak herself and the seat of her car. Her panties were completely soaked, as were the crotch and butt of her purple pants. She hung her head in shame. She had wet herself like a little baby for the second time today. She was never going to live this down.

Adagio could hear the sound of Aria peeing herself, and could smell the scent of urine. "Aria, shame on you, peeing all over my car!"

"Only cause you wouldn't stop and let me use the bathroom," said Aria, still blushing as she finished peeing.

"We wouldn't be in this position if you'd used the bathroom before the trip," said Adagio. "Now you'll have to sit in your pee for two hours."

Aria let out a moan of shame and dismay.

(Two hours later)

The sirens arrived at the campsite. Aria was very uncomfortable for having to sit in her own pee for two hours, and smelled really bad. As soon as she was out of the car, she tried to find a spot where she could change, but Adagio stopped her and put her over her knee, not caring that her pants were getting slightly damp with Aria's pee.

"It'll be a long time before the car stops smelling like piss," said Adagio, and she slapped Aria's butt as hard as she could ten times. Aria whimpered with each swat on her pee-soaked rear, while Sonata laughed so hard she wet her panties, but it was so funny she didn't care!

Aria accidentally peed a little more, and Adagio spanked her ten more times for peeing on her. Once her spanking was done, Aria's face was red with humiliation, her pants were wet, and her butt was in a lot of pain.

"Now, go and change," said Adagio.

