Wet bed room

Author: TopCat31

*000*2023-07-15 22:32

Emma woke seeing the room was pitch black, rolling her head sideways she saw the digital clock read 4:37. She breathed heavily noticing an odd sensation as she sunk into the bed. As her head fully gathered it's senses, she noticed she was wet and warm about her middle. She wriggled her hips slightly relishing the feeling, suddenly her eyes shot open, realising she had wet the bed. Her heart started pounding, wondering what to do.

She'd come away with her best friend, Grace, and Grace's family. They'd stopped for the night en route to the campsite, where they'd meet Emma's parents. Emma and Grace where sharing a room with Grace's brother, Tim, the girls had the double bed while he had the pull out sofa.

Grace was still fast asleep next to her, Emma couldn't see Tim through the dark, meaning the opposite also would be true. She had a huge crush on Tim and he liked her, though acting on it was a scary notion. Grace was the only other one in the families who knew but didn't make a thing of it.

Emma did her best to calm herself down and work out what to do. The bed was soaked, Grace would definitely realise when she wakes up. Neither of the girls were immune to accidents so it Grace didn't worry Emma, though peeing a shared bed was new. Her worry was Tim, the hotel and parents, at 23 it was embarrassing to be wetting the bed.

She reasoned to herself that she should get up, change and clean herself up before waking Grace. Very carefully sitting up, swinging her legs round to perch on the side of the bed. Emma very slowly moved the duvet and stood up, the room was dark but she felt exposed. She was wearing a pink pj top and a pair of light blue men's briefs, both of which were wet and hung heavy.

A whisper cut through the room causing Emma to freeze on the spot. "Emma? You ok?" Emma glared at Grace but she was asleep. Emma turned her head towards Tim, she could see a black figure half sitting up in bed, her heart started pounding again. Emma turned and stepped towards Tim to whisper quieter "yeah, just..." tucking her hair behind her ears "... well the bed is wet"

Tim's tone was surprised but concerned and reassuring "oh, I'm sorry, Grace does sometimes have accidents, let her sleep, I'll move to the floor" Emma was touched at the care he was showing them both, she knelt down and moved close so they could see each other, said "it was me and I can't make you move" her voice quivered as she fought back tears.

Tim sensed Emma was close to tears and reached out, whispered "don't worry, these things happen, come here, you could use a hug" he threw back his duvet inviting her into bed. Emma was shocked but excited "I'll just change first, then can I have that hug? I'm rather wet" her emotions and tone all over the place. Tim took her hand, gently pulling saying "no need, hop in, I don't mind"

Emma was lead by his hand and slid in next to Tim, very conscious of how wet she felt in the dry covers. Tim wrapped his arm around her and pulled her close, whispered in her ear "don't worry, just a hug..." feeling nervous and sensing Emma tremble "...settle down and sleep". Emma relaxed and snuggled closer, closed her eyes and they drifted off to sleep, both enjoying being so close.

Tim awoke a few hours later to Emma wriggling, there was now a dim light in the room, he said "morning, fidget bum" attempting to forge a connection with her. Emma spun round so they were facing each other. She whispered and smiled "morning". Her face looked upset though, causing a puzzled look to form on Tim's. Preempting the question Emma said "I've wet your bed too"

He realised that the bed was indeed wet but quickly noted that it couldn't have been Emma confessing "I don't think it was you" reassuring her to prevent tears. Emma looked very confused "how do you know?". Nervously he explained "well, my front is wet, doubt you could have done that". Emma convinced by the logic said "oh, I didn't, you have accidents too?" Pulling them closer and brushing noses.

Tim welcomed the affection but was terrified given the realisation that he'd peed over her, replied "yeah quite regularly, since uni, it's stress" he attempted to explain. Emma smiled at their situation, feeling very affectionate at the vulnerability "it's ok, your secret is safe. We should probably clean up though".

Tim nodded and threw back the covers. He was wearing a white pj top and back briefs, both off colour with a wet patch. They both giggled nervously as they saw a bump in the front of his briefs. Emma put a hand on his tummy confessing "it's ok, me too" she was blushing. A 3rd voice snapped them from the moment, both of them suddenly remembering they weren't alone.

"What are you two doing?" a half mocking half serious voice announced itself. Grace was looking at them, smiling, pleased they were getting close and satisfied she got to make them both awkward. Emma and Tim jumped apart, Tim went silent while Emma explained "I wet the bed in the night, so moved to the sofa which is wet too. Nothing else happened or was going to happen" she said defensively and showing off her off colour briefs by lifting her top.

Grace glanced at her brother seeing he was also wet and showed some sympathy towards them both. Rolling on her side said "looks like all of us then" throwing back the covers revealing she'd also wet the bed. Grace was wearing a black pj top and tartan men's boxers. Taking charge, Grace gets up putting her hands on her hips orders "Tim you have the first shower, we'll sort the beds and then we'll share one while you get dressed" They all clapped in agreement as the room became a hive of activity.

