Marie Emergency

Author: Tyoku

*000*2022-09-04 14:34

Marie Description:

Gray lycra shirt

- adidas pants

- bang short hair

Sorry for overusing the translator

Marie is a girl who works the night shift and is the one who stays to watch the cameras and walk the halls. She is always alone but she is never terrified of him. but that changed. General there is a cleaning janitor who knows Marie and always left the bathrooms open for Marie to use. However, the cleaning janitor retired and they hired another employee. However, that new cleaning janitor was never told about Marie, so before everyone left, he closed everything.

22:30 PM

Marie gets out of bed. She eats breakfast and then takes a bath. Marie doesn't wear a uniform so she can choose whatever. So I take one something sexy. She puts on a spandex shirt and tight Adidas pants. She takes her coat and leaves her house.

23:28 PM

Marie arrives at work, a factory where the offices are on the second floor. Marie takes the flashlight from her and starts checking to see if everyone is gone. Marie begins to have small beginnings of the urge to urinate but she doesn't give them Important since she urinated while taking a bath so why would there be something wrong?

23:45 PM

Already in her security room, Marie begins to watch the cameras in case something interesting happens. Sarcasm. Marie begins to feel like going to the bathroom but she doesn't because it's not an emergency.

0:00 AM

Marie says it's time to go to the bathroom. She goes to the bathroom to realize that all this time they were closed. Angry Marie tells herself why is this happening to her? Marie picks up the phone and checks her Facebook to realize that the cleaning janitor has retired.

Marie: Well, it's not his fault, but why didn't anyone tell the new janitor that I existed? She asked herself as she sat on the ground

She can't do much to try to open the door. Marie gives up and tries the men's room but the result is the same. This is where Marie remembers how it was in high school the bathrooms were closed due to a plumbing failure. She was 16 years old and there was no choice but to hold the pee for 7 hours. Until finally urinating behind the gym with 8 strangers.

0:15 AM

As there was no one else but her, Marie took the opportunity to hold her crotch for fun, She was even pretending that she was desperate.

Marie: * Tok Tok * Come on man I'm going to piss on you hurry. Mhhh In my head it sounded more fun, I'm booooored * pee dance *

0:34 AM

Following the security cameras there were 3 things

1- Nothing interesting ever happened

2- Boredom

3- Gotta to pee

Marie: I can use a bottle Oh a trash can but that might raise suspicions. *puts his hand on his crotch*

1:34 AM

Marie started looking for a key that would take her to the bathrooms, she even thought about leaving the factory to a store, if it weren't for the cameras of course.

Marie: My cell phone has no battery shit,i want to pee!

Marie went to the janitor's shed however it was locked, she tried to get her pants down on a plant but there were little spiders,Marie was getting desperate and began to moan in agony.

1:57 AM

Marie went down to the first floor hoping that she could wait for her, however something happened that never happened to her. As soon as he went down the stairs he heard how many boxes were falling and instinctively he ran to the second floor. He went to see the recording in the cameras, however the cameras on the first floor were obsolete.

2:34 AM

Marie already had her hand on her crotch and but not for fun. She wanted to pee in every way. Marie took the last battery from her phone and called her boss where there were keys for the bathrooms.

Boss: Marie are you okay?

Marie: Yes and no. Apparently you didn't tell the new janitor it existed, did you?

Boss: oh...so...

Marie: Do you know how I can go to the bathroom?

Boss: Check in the office of...

Mary: Hello? fuck

Marie's phone ran out and she had to find an office so she takes courage and goes down to the first floor with a stun gun

3:05 AM

Marie: Ouch my bladder

Marie checks the entire first floor but there was nothing so she goes to the third floor where she was not authorized but it was an emergency.

Marie: Shit These pants are very tight.

3:34 AM

Marie: Ok there is nothing here oh no NO!!! oh fuck

Marie is starting to leak piss. She held still for a few minutes until the leak stopped. it was a big squirt

Marie: *Sniff* My hands smell like pee, oh fuck I have to hurry.

4:02 AM

Marie: I've finally found the keys to the men's room on the first floor.

Marie went downstairs slowly as she was leaking. She went downstairs to the third floor and pissed for 3 seconds. Then she went downstairs to the second floor and stopped to hold him up.

Marie: I have to go very bad I can't hold it anymore ugh...* Start to leak *

Going down to the first floor, Marie's ass was very wet and left a path of puddles of 14 centimeters

Marie: I'm almost to the bathroom

Marie couldn't leave both hands from her crotch to open the door

Marie: shit I'm pissing

Finally, after flushing 500 ML of urine down the stairs, Marie urinates the 1.5 L of urine in the men's room. She didn't try to give up and Marie managed to open the door and go to a urinal but it was useless. She ended up peeing in the middle of the men's bathroom while crying.

Two days later she was moved to the day shift. Marie was never fired but she did have a slight trauma. But when it was a rest day, she tried to imitate that night either in private or in public places.

