Of Sodas and Annoying Lovers

Author: Toki-chan

*000*2011-05-08 23:51

Author's Note: As promised; here is my first actual omorashi fic (I say actual because there's actual holding and wetting), this one featuring Will from Pokemon (and Lucian too)!

As with all other fics, I must post the warnings, so please read this before reading the fic!

Warnings: This fic contains MALE desperation AND wetting, ALONG with yaoi! You have been warned.

If you like any or all of the above, please discard this warning and continue on!

###

All was quiet as Will sat in Lucian’s study; the smaller sipping on what had to be his fifth soda, reading through one of his lover’s Shakespeare books as the latter sat on the opposite end of the sofa, reading his own book while looking to Will every now and again. Normally, Will wouldn’t drink so much in one sitting, knowing his bladder was rather small and unable to hold a lot of liquid; but when Lucian kept offering them to him, he couldn’t turn him down. As a result, Will kept on drinking, praying that his bladder could hold it all without him having to excuse himself to the bathroom. Despite his outgoing, flamboyant personality, Will tended to be a rather private person, especially when it came to his bodily needs.

What he didn’t consider, was the possibility of his lover knowing this little fact and using it to his advantage; which is exactly what Lucian did. As the smaller continued to consume all those sodas, Lucian watched him from the corner of his eye, waiting to see when the other would show signs of needing to go. Will also didn’t know that Lucian had a secret fetish for desperate males, especially those as cute as Will.

It wasn’t long until Lucian’s efforts were rewarded and Will started to feel uncomfortably full. Determined to not let it show, the smaller crossed his legs casually, bouncing his foot slightly but making it appear to be as if he were moving it in time to a song stuck in his head.

Lucian, however, knew better.

Scooting closer to the smaller, Lucian focused his gaze on Will, watching as the smaller looked to him in a blink.

What’s he trying to do now? Will thought to himself just as another urge hit, causing him to bounce his foot a bit more. Why did his bladder have to do this now, right when it seemed Lucian was coming onto him?

Lucian then scooted even closer, leaning into the smaller slightly as he rested a hand on Will’s leg, causing him to flush.

Just as I thought; he is coming onto me, Will thought, shifting a bit as the pressure in his lower abdomen started to become rather uncomfortable. Lucian, noticing Will’s movements, smirked lightly; pulling the smaller into his lap, causing his legs to be spread apart. This in turn caused the smaller to squirm slightly; mostly to try to relieve the urge while trying not to show his need to the other. When this didn’t work, Will tried to cross his legs, hoping to relieve the ever growing urge to pee only to realize that his current position made this idea impossible.

“You’re rather adorable, you know,” Lucian murmured, resting his hands on the others thin, feminine waist.

“You always say that,” Will replied with a murmur, somehow managing to press his upper thighs together and stopping any leaks as a painful spasm shook his body. He soon realized that, if he wanted to make it in time and not wet himself in Lucian’s lap, he would have to leave now. But before he could execute his plan of action, Lucian spoke again.

“So adorable...makes me just want to,” Lucian began, raising his hands to the others sides, “...tickle you.” Lucian fingers then itched the others sides, moving slowly at first before increasing the speed. This in turn earned jerking motions from Will as he tried to get away and still hold his pee as the other attacked his ticklish spots.

“L-Lucian!” Will said, his speech interrupted by small fits of laughter, “s-stop!” Will’s pleas, however, only fuelled Lucian’s attempts; the others fingers slowly making their way up towards the more sensitive areas as Will squirmed about in his lover’s lap, each bout of laughter weakening his control over his now bursting bladder. By this point, Will was shaking due to laughter and desperation; knowing that, if he didn’t get Lucian to stop soon, or if he didn’t quickly gain control over his bladder, he would end up wetting himself and the other.

Lucian, in the meantime, couldn’t resist seeing the other in such a state, and so continued to tickle his little lover while knowing full well the result of his actions.

“Lucian..! S-stop!” Will tried again, his words barely coming out as another loud fit of laughter escaped his lips, a few spurts of pee escaping his member as he doubled over in laughter. Knowing that he was on the verge of losing control, Will attempted to move his hands in between his legs as a last ditch attempt to stay dry. This soon failed when Lucian noticed and attacked Will’s underarms; keeping the smaller’s arms in the air and away from his legs.

“Hm? What was that, Will?~” Lucian asked, continuing to mercilessly tickle his lover as Will struggled to speak.

“S-stop! I-I have to,” Will started again before falling victim to laughter once more, now struggling to regain his breath as the control over his bladder continues to weaken with every passing second.

“You have to what?~” he asked, not once relenting to the others pleas after sensing that Will was close to letting go.

“G-go...I have to...” his words were soon interrupted by a particularly high pitched laugh, Lucian having just hit a particularly ticklish spot.

“Hm; let me think about it,” he said, continuing to tickle as Will’s urge to pee became too strong, the other feeling more of the liquid escaping into his pants as he tried to stop the leaks with his thighs.

“P-Please! I-I have to g-go! I can’t h-hold it!” he choked out, now laughing quite hard. Tears of laughter and desperation started to fill his eyes behind his mask as he felt the last of his control slip away; the spurts of pee soon turning into a full on stream. As the wetness continued to soak through his pants, Will adverted his gaze from Lucian’s, his face flushing in embarrassment.

“Will?” Lucian asked, noticing the other grow quiet as tears of shame formed behind Will’s mask.

‘I-I’m sorry...’ Will told him telepathically, his tone quivering in his upset state.

Lucian, however, simply smiled and pulled Will close. “You’re so cute,” he said, pulling the smaller close as Will looked to him, surprise evident on his face. Here he sat in his lover’s lap, having wet himself like a small child, and Lucian was acting so calm about it? It wasn’t until Lucian pushed him down onto the couch that Will understood the other’s actions.

“Even though you got me wet too, you’re still adorable,” he said again, crawling on top of the now heavily flushed smaller and slowly removing his pants.

“C-can’t I at least wash off?” Will asked softly, his embarrassment increasing further as the larger shook his head.

“No, because I want to clean you off~” Lucian replied, a slight purr in his tone as he made good on his word, intent on relieving himself and pleasing his little lover in the process.

*002*2011-05-09 01:50

{{: 

This was actually really cool. Any particular reason why you use Will in most of your stuff?

}}

Well; I use him a lot because he's my favourite character XD

That and I find him easy to write for.

*005*2011-05-10 00:51

@Phantom: He's a favourite of mine too ^^ *imagines him to be really kinky on the inside*

@Silvery: *hands you a tissue*

Glad you guys liked the fic! >w<

