Tempest's Desperation

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2019-05-07 20:00

Another My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic fanfic. This one was requested. It'll also feature the longest hold I've ever written. I don't usually fetishize Tempest Shadow (from the movie), but this was still pretty fun to write, and I hope I kept them in character enough.

Tempest's Desperation

"TEMPEST!"

Tempest Shadow rushed into the Storm King's throne room and bowed before the Storm King. "Yes, Your Excellency?"

"The plans for taking the alicorn magic are coming along, but first, I have another mission for you."

Tempest was a little annoyed. She wanted to get the alicorn magic for the Storm King right away so that he would restore her horn. But she knew better than to question him. Only he could do what she needed, after all. "What is this mission?"

"I want you to go to the Penguin Lands at the far south side of the earth. Their leader, King Charlatan, has this amazing jewel! Can't miss it, it's hanging above his throne. I want it, and I want it as soon as possible!"

"I will not fail you." Tempest bowed.

"You'd better not," the Storm King said ominously. "Or our deal is off, and you're terminated in every sense of the word."

"Understood." Tempest walked out of the throne room.

...

"How far is the Penguin Lands?" Tempest asked Grubber as she stood on board her airship.

"Let's see..." Grubber looked at a map. "About 11 hours away."

Tempest withheld her groan of annoyance. This would be a long trip, and it would make the wait to get her horn back longer. But it would all be worth it in the end, and she didn't want to anger the Storm King.

They took off on the trip to the Penguin Lands.

About an hour in, Tempest said "Do we have light speed on this airship?"

"Light speed is a myth," said Grubber. "Nothing can fly that fast. Although, I have heard rumors that there's a pony who can fly so fast, it creates something called a Sonic Rain-"

"Unless that pony can pull this ship, I'm not interested." Tempest suddenly felt a familiar urge she hated very much. She knew there was about 10 hours left on the trip, so she really had nothing else to do.

She quietly walked toward the airship bathroom. To her dismay, she saw an Out of Order sign on it. She stormed back to the deck.

"Grubber!" said Tempest. "What happened to the bathroom?"

"Oh, yeah, see, one of the Storm Creatures got real drunk on yesterday's ride, and he smashed the toilet. I called the Storm King, and he ordered him thrown overboard and said he'd have it fixed tomorrow, I mean today, but, you know how he gets, he found out about King Charlatan's jewel and forgot all about it."

"Are any of the maintenance Storm Creatures on this airship?"

"Let me think... Nope! They're all back at the Storm Lands fixing a part of the castle the Storm King destroyed on one of his temper tantrums."

"Give me the contacting spell," said Tempest. "Now!"

Grubber jumped and grabbed the spell for her. She activated it, and a hologram of the Storm King sitting on his throne appeared. The Storm King wasn't paying attention, he was swinging the Staff of Sacanas around as if practicing how to make a storm once he got the magic.

"Your Majesty!" said Tempest.

The Storm King was startled, and looked up. "What is it, Tempest?"

"You forgot to get the bathroom on my airship fixed."

"I did, didn't I? Oh well. Nothing I can do about it now!"

"Can I turn around and get some of the maintenance Storm Creatures on to fix it?" And maybe use the bathroom while I'm there?

"NO!" the Storm King bellowed. "That'll take..." He calculated the time for a second. "Two hours out of this mission! It'll already be a long enough wait as it is, and I'm getting impatient already!"

Tempest wanted to argue, but she knew better when the Storm King was angry. "Understood, sire." She hung up.

"Looks like we'll be without a bathroom for 10 hours," said Grubber. "Oh well! I can just pee over the side of the ship. I hope you can hold it!"

Tempest grimaced slightly, but hid all signs of her need to pee. At least it wasn't too bad yet.

At the end of the second hour, she was becoming very uncomfortable, but stood still. She had a very strong bladder and hid her desperation well. She didn't want to look less intimidating by showing signs of pee desperation, and she was sure Grubber would make fun of it. If he did, she'd be sure to punish him.

She sat down and remained still for another three hours. But a few minutes into the sixth, she was fidgeting slightly.

"Want some cake?" said Grubber.

"No, get lost!" said Tempest.

Grubber ran away whimpering. Tempest tried her hardest to hold it. She could hold a very long time but her limits had not been tested yet.

More hours went by, and Tempest grew more and more desperate. She hadn't drank more than usual, but this was the longest she had gone without peeing. She crossed her legs and tried to keep a calm face, but grimaced slightly, fidgeting a little more.

By the tenth hour, she really needed to go, and had a harder time sitting still. She stood up, and crossed her legs. She wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it, and she really didn't want to have an accident. It would be so humiliating and degrading for a fierce servant of the future ruler of the world.

After what seemed like an eternity, they finally arrived at the Penguin Lands.

Tempest ran out of the airship. The Penguin Lands were a snowfield, and extremely cold. This made it more uncomfortable for Tempest, who searched the area for a bathroom, including some of the igloos, but couldn't find one.

"Hey, who are you?" said a penguin.

Tempest blasted him aside with her magic, then, noticing the ice castle in the distance, ran for it, the Storm Creatures running behind her. Maybe the castle had a bathroom, and if not, she'd have to take the jewel and get back fast, and hope she returned dry.

She blasted open the doors of the castle throne room. A royal-looking penguin sat on his throne. This must be King Charlatan. Tempest considered asking him where the bathroom was, but reluctantly decided against it. This would just make her seem less threatening.

"I'm here for your jewel," said Tempest, keeping her voice as calm as possible and trying not to cross her legs. "Give it over quietly, and no one will get hurt."

"The Antarkenstone has been handed down through generations!" said King Charlatan. "It is the ancient treasure of the royal penguin family, and I will not give it over to the likes of you!"

"I was hoping you'd say that." Really, she wasn't, she didn't want to fight with a full bladder, but she needed to sound tougher to get what she wanted as fast as possible.

"Guards! Seize her!"

Penguin guards advanced on Tempest with spears.

"You deal with them!" Tempest said to the Storm Creatures. "I'll get the jewel!"

The Storm Creatures fought the guards, quickly knocking them unconscious, and Tempest ran toward Charlatan, the jewel clearly visible above his throne.

"Edgar, get the jewel to safety!" said Charlatan.

A teenage penguin that looked as though he might be a prince grabbed a ladder and hung it up on the wall. Tempest blasted him out of the way, feeling an unpleasant jolt in her bladder. She crossed her legs and struck the jewel with another bolt of magic, knocking it off the wall. She cringed. If this jewel was fragile, it would shatter to pieces.

"Nooooooo!" Charlatan dove under the jewel and broke its fall. His moment of relief was short-lived when Grubber grabbed the gem from him.

"All right, now let's get out of here," said Tempest.

"Give that back!" said Charlatan. Tempest blasted him with her magic, knocking him unconscious, and while Edgar ran to his side, Tempest, Grubber, and the Storm Creatures ran back to their airship. Penguins ran after them, throwing spears, but they got on board safely with the jewel and took off.

"Now it's just an 11-hour trip back to the Storm Lands!"

Tempest groaned and crossed her legs. She had to pee really badly, but she had managed to stay dry the entire battle. If she could just hold it for the trip back, but she didn't like being reminded of how long it was.

Her need to pee increased as the hours went by. For two hours, she did the pee dance. Grubber chuckled at the sight of it, and she furiously blasted him in response, singeing him. Then, she sat down and crossed her legs. She couldn't hide her desperation anymore, and she fidgeted with a pained expression on her face.

Grubber didn't say anything, because he was afraid she'd attack him again. He also made sure that if he had to pee over the side of the ship, he'd do it away from Tempest. If she wet herself because of him, she'd make sure he'd pay.

After four hours of squirming, Tempest stood up and ran around the deck of the airship, hoping it would take her mind off her very full bladder. She felt the pee sloshing around inside her as she did, but running at least made it easier to hold it.

After two hours, she stopped, exhausted and soaked with sweat from both running and the effort of holding it. For a moment, she thought it would no longer make a difference if she wet herself. But then she realized she'd still be making a puddle on the deck, and her outfit would still smell like pee.

She sat down and crossed her legs again, closing her eyes shut. It was three hours until they reached the Storm King's castle, and she was more desperate than she had ever been in her life.

There was a rumble of thunder in the distance. It was way too early to be approaching the Storm Lands. There were storm clouds approaching. Tempest sighed in relief. If they flew through the rain, she'd be soaked through, and she could just pee her outfit without anyone noticing. The rain would wash it all off the deck and rinse her off sufficiently.

Until they got below the clouds, and there was no rain, only lightning. Tempest groaned and squirmed harder, crossing her legs really tight. Occasionally, there would be a loud crash of thunder. Tempest wasn't easily startled, and she was thankful for that, or else she might lose it right here.

After about an hour, they were out of the storm.

"Just two hours to go!" said Grubber. "I hope you don't wet yourself. That'd be REAL embarrassing!"

"Yeah, I know," said Tempest through gritted teeth. "So stop talking about it!"

"Try not to think about rivers, and waterfalls, and rain, and Storm Creatures bellyflopping into pools of water with a loud splash, and-"

"STOP!" said Tempest, feeling herself leak a little. "Saying it like that MAKES me think about it!"

"Oh. Well, it'll be no big deal if you do wet yourself. All you have to do is wash off with a hot, relaxing shower."

This also made it worse for Tempest. "Grubber!"

"Or, we could give you a bath, like when I fell into the mud. It was really funny when I splashed water all over those Storm Creatures."

"QUIET!" Tempest blasted Grubber again. Grubber quickly ran below deck.

She held it for the next hour, at which point she was leaking a little more, but still held most of it in.

Finally, after the painful last hour, they arrived at the Storm Lands.

"Grubber, get the jewel, and no comments about water!"

Tempest and Grubber ran into the Storm King's throne room. Tempest was unable to keep herself from pee dancing in place as Grubber presented the jewel to the Storm King.

"We got the jewel," said Tempest. "It wasn't too hard." Except for how badly I have to pee!

"Here you go, Your Grace!" said Grubber.

The Storm King took the jewel and looked at it. "Wonderful! I'm hanging this above my throne right now!"

"Anything else?" said Tempest.

The Storm King noticed Tempest's pee dance, and a mischievous grin spread across his face. "Yes. You can hang the jewel up above my throne!"

"Can't Grubber do it?"

"You got the jewel for me, it's your honor to hang it up!"

"I'm fine not doing it."

"All right then. Good luck finding someone else to fix your horn."

Tempest groaned. "Where's a ladder?"

"In the cellar."

This was about the farthest from the throne room as possible, as they were in a tower. But, this wasn't all bad news, as it would give Tempest ample time to use the bathroom. "All right, I'll go get it."

"Not you! Grubber, you get the ladder!"

"Yes sir!" Grubber ran out the door.

Tempest continued to pee dance, and the Storm King watched with a sadistic smile on his face. She knew her desperation was visible so she decided to suck it up and ask to use the bathroom.

"Because the airship bathroom was broken, and it was such a long flight, I've been holding it for 22 and a half hours. I didn't know a pony could even hold it this long. While we're waiting for Grubber to get back, can I-"

"NO!" said the Storm King. "Not until I say so!"

Tempest sat down and crossed her legs. "If I don't... I might make a mess on your floor."

"No big deal! Grubber can clean it up!"

Tempest moaned in extreme discomfort.

After about twenty minutes, Grubber returned, panting, with the ladder. He handed it to Tempest, who dragged it to the Storm King's throne and set it up. She grabbed the jewel in one hoof and climbed the ladder, and hung it up on the wall. She jumped off the ladder, leaking a little as she landed.

The Storm King stood up and looked at the jewel. "Eh, a little more to the left!"

Tempest groaned and climbed back up the ladder, moving the jewel to the left. "Like this?"

"No, I meant the right."

Tempest moved it more to the right.

"Too far. A little more to the left.

It went this way for another ten minutes, by which time a total of 23 hours had passed since the departure. Tempest was tired and she really needed to go. She adjusted the jewel's position one more time.

The Storm King pondered for a minute with his hand on his chin. "Yes, perfect!" He shoved the ladder over. Tempest fell on her back and leaked a little more.

She stood up. "Now can I go?"

"Wait wait wait. Not yet. The janitor Storm Creatures, uh, have the day off. Sweep the floor for me."

Tempest groaned.

"I'll go get the broom!" said Grubber, and he ran toward the cellar.

After fifteen minutes, Grubber arrived with a broom and dustpan. Tempest swept the floor as fast as she could, which took roughly ten minutes.

"Okay, I'm done."

"No, there's still spots of dust here! Go and get them all, or you're done!"

Tempest groaned and swept the rest of the floor for five minutes. "Is that good?"

"Great! You're done sweeping."

"Thank you, sire."

"Now wash the floor!"

"Are you kidding me?"

"Of course not!"

Grubber ran to the cellar and returned fifteen minutes later with a mop and a bucket of water. Tempest dipped the mop in the bucket, cringing as the sight and sound of the water made her leak more, and mopped the floor.

It took about fifteen minutes but Tempest was done. She had not used the bathroom in 24 hours and she needed to pee worse than ever. "Is this all? I'm about to burst!"

"Wait a minute." The Storm King walked into the middle of the room with a cake that one of his Storm Creatures had given him as Tempest was mopping. He ate the cake rather messily, getting crumbs and frosting all over the floor. "This section of the floor needs to be cleaned."

Tempest couldn't believe it. The Storm King had to be doing this on purpose. She mopped the remains of the cake as fast as she could. "All right, now can I please-"

She paused as she felt a warm, wet sensation in her crotch, and looked down. Yellow waterfalls were gushing down her legs, and a puddle was expanding rapidly around her hooves. She was peeing her shorts, all the way, in front of the Storm King. The relief felt wonderful on her aching bladder after holding it in for so long, but she was ashamed beyond belief.

The Storm King fell on his back laughing. Tempest blushed beet red. This was the worst thing that had ever happened to her since losing her horn and her friends.

Grubber chuckled. Normally he wouldn't dare make fun of Tempest, but if the Storm King found it funny, he had every right to laugh as well.

The Storm King stood up, catching his breath. "She's still peeing? This is PRICELESS!" He fell on his back again, kicking his legs in the air and laughing even louder.

She peed for over five minutes, and by the end of it she was standing in a large puddle, and her entire lower half was soaking wet and smelled of pee. She felt immensely relieved, but moaned in embarrassment.

"Grubber, clean her puddle up!" said the Storm King once he stopped laughing again.

Grubber ran over to the mop and bucket.

Sure, NOW he's making Grubber do the work, thought Tempest. He made me wet myself for his own sick amusement. But I have to put up with it, because I need him to get my horn back.

"If you'd failed, I'd make you stay like this," said the Storm King. "But since you got the jewel, I'll give you a bath."

"I can wash just fine on my own," said Tempest, still red in the face.

"No no no, I'm being really generous right now! I'll wash you myself!" The Storm King reached into his closet and pulled out a round wooden tub. He held it with one hand and picked up the soaking wet mare with the other, and took them into his bathroom. He filled the wooden tub with warm water from the tap of his bathtub and set it on the bathroom floor.

"You're washing me in that tub? What's wrong with your bathtub?"

"Only I can use the royal tub! The wooden one's good enough for you! Now, into the tub you go!" The Storm King threw Tempest into the wooden tub, still in her pee-soaked outfit. He poured some soap over her head and started scrubbing her all over, creating suds. He then lifted her up by the tail and scrubbed her butt extra vigorously. "Gotta get that pee smell out!" He chuckled.

Tempest really wasn't enjoying this. She would have preferred to wash in her own way, on her own. But again, she couldn't question the Storm King. Without him, she'd never get her horn back.

*003*2019-08-20 02:04

{{10 hours ago, kamix00 said:

Great fanfic. I read some from Fimfiction and this one is perfect! You should write more fics with ponies (not EqG)! ^^

}}

Thanks. I wrote another under fimfiction called "The Desperation Series" that depicts each of the Main 6 except Applejack wetting herself after being in long situations unable to find or go to a bathroom. I also posted it here. Here's the link

.

