Girl's School - Page 3

Author: Thorn177

*041*2015-10-23 09:15

{{: 

Damn that's brutal i'm really hoping these nuts get theirs

I'm not going to lie I actually feel bad for Agnes she did nothing to deserve this

}}

Good! You're supposed to feel bad for her. Means the story's having the desired effect. :P

{{: 

Its nice to see that both Maddie and Anges are getting closer I enjoyed the part with both girls in the shed. Overall this was a good chapter and I look forward to the next one.

}}

Thank you! I enjoyed the bit in the maintenance closet, too. :P

{{: 

Damn poor Agnes's I feel so bad for her but keep up the good work I'm eager to read what happens next

}}

Thank you! Next chapter is currently being worked on. :)

{{: 

I honestly want her to escape with Maddie

}}

Ah, wouldn't that be lovely?

{{: 

I totally want to see a girl/guy arrive that ACTUALLY has the Devil inside, and just flip shit (figuratively, or literally by the way the story is progressing) at the fact they're ruining his reputation as the Lord of Hell. He proceeds to tie up and appropriately punish the "staff" if you can call them that. (This is how I imagine the story to end, and it makes me a happy panda every time :) )

}}

Haha! You can write the fanfic. :P

{{: 

Wow, that chapter was amazing. I have no words.

}}

Thank you so much! <3

{{: 

To be honest, i would rather see any physical depictions of demons or angels out of this story, seeing as so far it seems to deal with just humans. But i'm also not a writer, and, seeing on how well this author has been doing so far, id rather see what the author is planning.

}}

Thank you for your kind words! I have no plans at present of introducing any actual supernatural elements into the story. While I greatly enjoy both fantasy and horror, and writing it, that's not the direction I see this tale taking.

Thank you all so much for reading and commenting! It warms the heart, it really does! <3

*045*2015-10-23 21:02

{{: 

Yes, another chapter! Those jerks, I hope Maddie and Agnes can escape and run away together!

}}

Here's hoping! ;)

{{: 

Ouch. This story hurts a part of my soul which I didn't even know it existed. And you're getting this from someone who claims to have no feelings whatsoever. Good job there mate, it's hard to get feelings out of me, and you did it.

As for predictions, seeing how the story is progressing, I'd say Agnes and Maddie will try to escape together but will get caught, so they'll have to endure some punishment together. That would be so goddamn adorable. I'm also going to claim, at least for the time being, an interesting theory. It consists in the premise that Portman doesn't even believe in God, and all this is just a facade set up by him so he can have an unlimited supply of girls that let him satisfy his perversions. I'm guessing, by this line of logic, that the story ends when Agnes and Maddie expose him, sending the school to a metaphorical and well deserved Hell.

But for now, I will just shamefully fap to this with a sad face.

}}

Pulling feels out of the heartless is a particular hobby of mine. :P What a great compliment! I heartily approve of this comment, and wish you happy fapping, my good sir! ;)

*048*2015-10-25 19:35

{{: 

I'm not going to lie I felt ashamed fapping to this too

}}

A little shame never hurt anyone. ;)

*051*2015-10-26 01:12

{{: 

The suffering and humiliation just keep intensifying... like my enjoyment of this. Does that say something bad about me, I wonder?

}}

Says something about you, but not necessarily something bad. :P

*053*2015-10-26 10:58

Next chapter already?? I must be insane! Seriously, though, don't get used to such frequent updates, I'm usually pretty slow. :P

Additional chapter tags: corporal punishment

###

CHAPTER FOUR

Agnes didn’t dare ask anyone where Maddie had gone. Doing so felt like it would be a death sentence. When Maddie didn’t show up to their classes or anything that day either, Agnes was left with a cold, sick feeling of dread for the entire day. The bruise on Mary-Louise’s face made her feel both better and worse—better because she felt like the blonde had finally gotten a taste of her own medicine, but worse because she didn’t think Mr. Portman would be especially forgiving of Maddie for marring the face of his star pupil.

With her bathroom privileges restored, Agnes found herself going whenever she had the opportunity, whether she really needed to or not. There was something comforting about being able to just go and sit on the toilet, even if nothing came out. And while she was no longer made to drink water at regular intervals, she felt thirsty a lot and drank more frequently than usual, of her own volition, so she needed the bathroom a lot too.

She couldn’t help but think about the dream she’d had the morning before, when she had wet the bed. When she had peed her pants in the dream, it had felt so good. It had been near erotic, and perhaps that was because the dream had also been about kissing Maddie, but a voice in her head told her that wasn’t quite it. She knew that peeing when she was fit to burst was an amazing feeling, but that wetting herself would be part of that . . . ?

Agnes shook the thought from her head, trying to focus on Miss Corrine’s lesson. She was reading from Leviticus, listing sins and abominations. Agnes was fairly certain that wanting to kiss another girl counted as both.

When class was over, Agnes went to the bathroom for what must have been the tenth time that day. She sat down in one of the stalls, peed a little bit, and was about to get up when the door from the hall opened and several girls walked in. She recognised Mary-Louise’s sweet, lilting alto at once, and stayed put.

‘—Still in solitary,’ Mary-Louise was saying. ‘Serves her right, too; her and the devil inside her.’

‘I hope Mr. Portman beat her black and blue,’ said one of Mary-Louise’s friends darkly. ‘Nothin’ more than she deserves, you ask me!’

‘Now, Amy,’ said Mary-Louise sweetly, ‘there’s no need for that. We should love our enemies, after all. Even if they are evil, useless tramps.’

The others laughed. Agnes felt her face flush with anger and her hands ball into fists. She stood from the toilet and pulled her panties back up. Then she pushed the door open, a little harder than necessary, and stalked to the sink. The others fell silent and stared at her.

She could feel their eyes on her while she washed her hands, resolutely not looking at any of them.

‘You look dreadful, darling,’ said Mary-Louise after a moment. ‘I notice you’ve been going to the restroom a lot, now that you can. Been . . . purging the devil?’

Agnes switched off the tap and dried her hands with a paper towel before turning to her. ‘You know, I do wonder,’ she said softly, ‘where you’re gonna get your daily dose of sadism now that I’m behaving myself and following the rules.’

Mary-Louise smiled. ‘Oh, you’ll slip up again eventually, sweetie. Bet you’re missing your friend, huh? I’m sure once she’s back she’ll lead you right into temptation again in no time.’

Agnes rolled her eyes and headed for the door. ‘You’d like that, wouldn’t you? To see me punished some more?’

‘No, Agnes,’ said Mary-Louise in her kindest, most sympathetic tone, ‘I want to see you saved.’

###

Agnes was sitting in the common room later that afternoon, reading the least ridiculous book in the bookshelf (a collection of short stories with religious morals, the silliness of which was at least mildly entertaining) when a group of girls entered, talking in hushed tones.

‘Anyway, she just went straight to bed. I left the moment I saw her, just hate being alone with her.’

‘I feel so sorry for you, having to share a dorm with her. She really is the worst . . . And now that she’s gotten violent? I don’t know if I could stand it!’

Agnes closed her book as discreetly as she could manage and put it back on the shelf before exiting the common room and heading down the hall towards the dorms. She was pretty sure she knew who the girls had been talking about. She didn’t know which dorm Maddie was in, so she opened the doors to a couple of them (they were empty) before she found the right one. The bed furthest from the door was occupied, and Agnes could see flaming red curls on the pillow. She approached cautiously.

‘Maddie?’ she said softly once she was a few feet away.

The figure in the bed stirred, and then Maddie turned her head slightly to look at her. She looked pale and exhausted, her eyes red and her hair a complete mess. Agnes approached the rest of the way and kneeled by the bed.

‘Are you okay? What happened to you?’

Maddie smiled weakly. ‘Hey, baby girl,’ she said. ‘I’m fine. Just tired . . . Hard to sleep in solitary.’

‘Is that where you went yesterday?’ Agnes asked, reaching out to pluck a strand of red hair away from Maddie’s brow.

‘Eventually,’ came the reply. ‘Portman had a lecture for me, and then a few lashes, and then he put me in one of the Rooms. God, I hate the Rooms . . .’

Agnes frowned. ‘Why? What are they?’

Maddie shuddered. ‘They’re these bare cells, almost. No beds, no toilets, no nothin’. I . . . I don’t really like thinking about it. Just pray they never put you in there.’

‘How long were you in there for?’ asked Agnes, shaking her head in disbelief.

‘From he finished with me yesterday until about half an hour ago, I guess.’

Agnes touched Maddie’s cheek with the back of her hand. ‘Well, I’m glad you’re back. I was worried. No one told me anything and I was too scared to ask . . .’ She trailed off. ‘I’m sorry. It’s my fault they put you in there. You . . . You saved me.’

‘It’s not your fault,’ said Maddie, sitting up. ‘It really isn’t. I couldn’t just watch ’em punish you like that, it was my choice to intervene.’ She looked away, biting her lip. ‘Anyway, you should probably go. You shouldn’t hang out with me.’

Agnes frowned. ‘Do you want me to leave?’

Maddie turned her eyes back on her, quickly. ’It would be best—’

‘Not what I asked,’ Agnes interrupted. ‘Do you want me to leave?

There was a pause, during which they stared at each other. Agnes studied Maddie’s expression, tried to make out what she was thinking, but the other girl wasn’t giving her many clues. Finally, Maddie sighed.

‘No, of course not,’ she said softly. ‘But I don’t want you to get hurt neither. You should just forget about me, and do what they tell you. Get out of here as quickly as you can and get back to your friends and family back home, and just forget about me. Me . . . I’m probably never leavin’. I’m physically incapable of behavin’. I was just born with a smart mouth, I guess . . .’

Agnes raised an eyebrow. ‘Well, I’m not going anywhere. You’re the only friend I’ve got right now, and we need to stick together. I’m not ending up like Mary-Louise and her clique. That will never, ever be me, and I will certainly never forget about you.’

Maddie smiled a slow smile that seemed to start in the corners of her eyes and then grow until it covered her entire face. ‘It’s not the smart thing to do, baby girl. But thank you.’

Agnes took her hand and squeezed it. ‘I don’t know what I’d do without you. I was so scared, not knowing where you’d gone!’

‘Well, I’m here now,’ said Maddie and squeezed back. ‘I’m sorry I had you worried, beautiful.’

The endearment caused Agnes to blush. When Maddie spoke to her like that, referred to her with pet names, called her baby girl, it filled Agnes with such an overwhelming warmth and made her feel such affection for her. And when she gave her that wonderful smile, it made Agnes want to kiss her more than ever.

###

For the next couple of weeks, Agnes managed to behave herself fairly well. Now that she was off Mr. Portman’s shit list, her days at Mary Magdalen’s were mostly just dull rather than torturous. She no longer had Mary-Louise breathing down her neck at every second of every day, and the other girls mostly left her alone. Some treated her with outright suspicion due to her friendship with Maddie, but so far there had been no real consequences. She emptied her plate at every meal, and though she did vomit her breakfast back up more days than not, no one seemed to have realised, or they simply didn’t care.

Maddie had been put on the water torture, however, and one of her dorm mates, Ellie, had been tasked with making sure she drank her water and avoided the restrooms. Agnes watched her fidget through classes and quiet meditation, and kept her company when they had free time, distracting her with conversation as best she could. It made her ache to see how hard it was for Maddie, but Maddie at least made no secret of her desperation, grabbing herself and whimpering whenever she felt the need to, entirely indiscrete.

They were in quiet meditation in the chapel one afternoon when Agnes glanced over at Maddie to see her bent double, rocking back and forth with a hand between her legs. Agnes was about to look away when Maddie turned her face towards her, and Agnes froze.

Maddie’s cheeks were pink, and she was worrying at her lower lip with her teeth. Her back was heaving with every breath, and it would have looked as if she simply needed to pee really badly, if Agnes hadn’t noticed the look in her lidded eyes, or the minute movements of her hand.

She shouldn’t have been surprised. After all, it was Maddie who had shown her how she did this in order to help her hold, but realising that she was actually doing it, right here, right now, in the middle of chapel, made Agnes blush scarlet. Maddie noticed her looking and locked eyes with her at once. She gave a small, secret smile, and Agnes was unable to look away as the speed of her rocking increased, and her mouth fell open. Then, all at once, Maddie shut her eyes tightly, bit her lip again, and her movements stilled. She shuddered once, twice, and then her shoulders seemed to relax and she rested her sweaty forehead on the pew in front.

Agnes finally tore away her gaze. The warm, squirming feeling had returned to her lower abdomen and groin, and shifting in her seat she noticed that her panties were slightly damp. That was by far the hottest thing Agnes had ever seen, and as soon as meditation ended she ran to the bathroom. After she had peed, she reached between her legs and, biting the inside of her cheek to keep quiet, got herself off. After watching Maddie’s display it only took a few moments, she was so close already.

Afterwards she sat on the toilet panting for a little while, feeling ashamed. Masturbating together in that maintenance closet had been one thing, but getting so turned on watching Maddie . . . Agnes worried that if Maddie knew what she was thinking, how she felt, she would think Agnes was a freak. She was now forced to, once and for all, admit to herself that her feelings for Maddie were far from innocent. What had started as admiration and appreciation for the girl who always spoke her mind and was so kind to her had now definitely turned into a full blown crush. She couldn’t let Maddie know, couldn’t let it show. If she did, she might lose her forever.

###

To Agnes’s knowledge, it started on a Thursday. That was the first time she went to sleep in her own bed and woke up somewhere different. In this particular instance, it was the shower room. There she had squatted over the drain, and when she came to she was peeing in her panties. As soon as she realised what she was doing she blushed, looking around, but everything appeared to be dark and deserted. She tried to stop peeing, but it was already coming out quite forcefully, so she remained as she was until she had emptied her bladder completely. Then she stood, grimacing as she realised her panties were soaked through.

She took them off, rinsed them as best she could, and when she returned to the dorm, hid them under her bed until they had dried the following morning. She had never sleepwalked before, but she was fairly certain that it would be considered a sign of demonic possession if anyone found out, and for the first time since she was a little girl she prayed and meant it. She prayed to whichever deity was out there that this would not happen again, and that no one would catch her at it.

The following afternoon she confided in Maddie, however. They were sitting in the shade under the beech tree in the yard. Maddie listened to her speak, nodding her head when appropriate and finally said, ‘Yeah, you probably shouldn’t tell anyone else about that.’

‘I know. It’s really scary, though. I’ve never sleepwalked before, as far as I know.’ She had left out the bit about peeing in the shower room from her story. She felt like Maddie didn’t need to know about that.

‘Me neither,’ said Maddie. ‘I’m sure it’ll be okay, though. It might not even happen again.’

‘Here’s hoping,’ said Agnes with a shrug.

Maddie opened her mouth to speak, but instead suddenly groaned and grabbed her abdomen.

‘You okay?’ asked Agnes quickly.

Maddie swore under her breath. ‘I’m fine. Cramp. I think I’ll be getting my period today. I’d hoped I’d have longer until my next one . . .’ She glanced at Agnes. ‘You have yours yet?’

‘Yeah, but it’s super irregular,’ said Agnes. ‘Why?’

Maddie sighed. ‘Because when we're on our periods they confine us.’

Agnes frowned. ‘What do you mean?’

‘Well, we’re unclean, see? So as soon as you start bleedin’, they take you away from the others and put you in the Fifth House.’ She pointed to the last and smallest building on the compound, the one that Agnes hadn’t visited yet.

The main building held the mess, Portman’s office, staff quarters and visitor’s area, where Agnes had been inducted on her first day. Then there was the school building with the classrooms, the dorm building with the dorms and common rooms, and the chapel. Agnes had never paid the last building any mind.

‘It’s where the Rooms are,’ Maddie explained, ‘and the infirmary, but also the period dorm. Whomever’s on their period gets sent there, and you’re confined to that dorm, and the bathrooms and showers connected to it, until your period’s over. You still have to go to classes, but you can’t eat in the mess, and you’re not allowed in the chapel or the regular dorm building. It sucks.’

‘You mean we won’t be able to hang out until you get back?’ Agnes asked, and she was unable to keep the disappointment out of her voice.

‘Fraid so,’ said Maddie with a sad smile. Then she winced and groaned again, and suddenly she went rigid and her eyes went wide.

‘What’s wrong?’ asked Agnes quickly.

‘Oh no!’ Maddie whispered. ‘I was just gonna ease the pressure and let out a little bit and then the cramp came . . .’

Agnes furrowed her brow, and then understanding dawned on her and she gasped as she heard the faint hiss.

‘Shit, shit, shit!’ Maddie sounded frantic. ‘I can’t stop, it just keeps coming! Fuck!’

They sat there, still, and Agnes noticed the dry dirt and grass underneath Maddie darken in colour, saw the wet stain spreading over Maddie’s dress. She looked around, but no one was watching them and Maddie’s keeper, Ellie, was nowhere to be seen.

After what must have been over a minute, Maddie’s shoulders slumped. She looked miserable.

‘Great,’ she mumbled. ‘Just what I need. Period and punishment in one go . . .’

‘No one’s noticed yet,’ said Agnes quickly and stood up. ‘Come on, we’ll go to your dorm and get you changed, and maybe no one will see us.’ She stretched out her hand to Maddie. ‘Come on, it’s your best shot!’

Maddie only hesitated for a moment, and then she nodded and took the proffered hand. Agnes pulled her to her feet, and they hurried towards the dorm building. They had almost reached Maddie’s dorm room, and safety, when someone cleared their throat behind them and they froze.

‘Well, well,’ said a sweet voice, ‘looks like someone’s had a little accident.’

They both turned around to find Mary-Louise standing there, arms crossed, smirking at them.

‘And, you were helping her, weren’t you Agnes?’ Mary-Louise tutted. ‘And here we thought you’d decided to be a good girl. Guess the devil’s still in you, isn’t he?’ She sighed theatrically and uncrossed her arms. ‘You’d both better come with me to see Mr. Portman.’

‘As if!’ said Agnes, uncertain where this new streak of bravery was coming from. ‘Why should we do anything you tell us to?’

‘You’d do well not to speak to me like that,’ said Mary-Louise softly. ‘You do not want me as your enemy.’

Maddie squeezed Agnes’s hand. ‘Drop it,’ she muttered. ‘She’s not worth it.’

And so they marched down the corridor after Mary-Louise, out into the yard and across it to the main building. Mary-Louise knocked on Mr. Portman’s door, and Agnes felt the familiar sting of dread.

‘Come in!’ said Mr. Portman, and they all three walked inside his office. ‘What’s this, then?’ he asked upon their entry. Then he looked at Maddie’s stained dress and smiled. ‘Ah. I see.’

‘Agnes was trying to help her cover it up,’ said Mary-Louise smugly.

‘Yes, I understand,’ said Mr. Portman, standing up. ‘Mary-Louise, please go find Ellie for me. Agnes, wait outside. I’ll deal with Madeline first.’

Standing outside Mr. Portman’s door while Maddie was inside was the worst punishment Agnes had experienced yet. She couldn’t hear what he said to her, but she could hear Maddie’s sobs and cries, and the sound of Mr. Portman’s belt hitting flesh. Agnes wanted to wrench the door open and run inside, stop him from hurting her. Instead she clenched her fists hard enough for her nails to make little sickle marks in her palm, and with every cry from Maddie, Agnes released a sob of her own.

After some moments, Mary-Louise returned with Ellie, a pretty, dark-haired sixteen-year-old. Agnes had seen her look haughty, happy and serene. Now she looked scared, eyes wide. Clearly her lack of oversight had disappointed Mr. Portman, and Agnes felt a stab of pity for her. It seemed that Mr. Portman punished his attack dogs just the same as everyone else.

When the door finally opened, Mr. Portman came out and said, ‘Mary-Louise, please take Madeline to the Fifth House. Ellie, my office. You,’ he said, eyes on Agnes, ‘stay here.’

Maddie came shuffling out of the office as Ellie went inside. She was limping slightly, and her face was tear streaked. Before she could stop herself, Agnes blurted, ‘Are you okay?’

Maddie’s smile was more of a grimace. ‘Been through worse, baby girl.’

‘No talking, you two,’ said Mary-Louise and grabbed Maddie by the elbow. ‘You come with me.’ They walked away, and once again Agnes was left alone.

Whatever Mr. Portman was doing to Ellie, it was quieter than what he had done to Maddie, because there were no cries of pain. When the door opened again and Ellie stepped out, however, she looked just as freaked out as she had going in, and her face was decidedly wet with tears.

‘Agnes,’ said Mr. Portman quietly, ‘your turn.’

Agnes walked inside the office, shutting the door behind her.

‘It seems you’ve been lying to us,’ Mr. Portman said conversationally, looking up at her from his desk. ‘You’ve been behaving yourself and making us think you’re a good girl, when really you’re not, are you? If you were a good girl, you would never have tried to help Madeline break the rules. That’s not a thing good girls do. Only bad girls do that.’ He stood. ‘Pull up your dress and pull your panties down. Then bend over and place your hands on the desk.’

Agnes felt her stomach tighten in dread, but did as she was told, blushing with humiliation as she exposed her rear. Then Mr. Portman was there with his belt again, striking hard, and Agnes sobbed.

‘A godly woman is obedient,’ he said, striking her again. ‘She does what she’s told, and is mindful of the things her betters tell her.’ The belt came down hard once more, and Agnes cried out. ‘Lying, hiding, cheating, these things are not permitted here. You ought to know this by now.’

When he had finished, Agnes was permitted to pull her panties back up and let her dress down.

‘It’s your first offence of this kind,’ said Mr. Portman calmly, placing his belt down on his desk. ‘Misguided kindness is an easy trap to fall into. The road to hell is paved with good intentions, after all. I’m revoking your bathroom privileges for two days, and expect you to drink a glass of water per hour, as before. That will do as far as punishments for now, but the next time you flaunt the rules, you will be made an example of.’ He sat down at his desk again and, without looking at Agnes, said, ‘You’re dismissed.’

*057*2015-10-26 19:02

{{: 

That was Awsome I'm eager to read the next chapter

}}

Thank you! Glad you liked it!

{{: 

I literally started crying while Maddie was being punished, you've gotten me hooked.

}}

I like making people cry. ;)

{{: 

That was great

Please tell me these assholes are going to get theirs eventually

}}

That would be a spoiler. I don't do spoilers. :P

*059*2015-10-29 00:59

{{: 

I'm really Enjoying this story. I haven't read anything like it in a very long time. Hope it keeps going for a while, can't wait to see what happens next.

}}

I'm planning novel length, 50k words or so, so hopefully it will go on for some time. :) I'm very glad you like it!

*062*2015-10-30 02:11

{{: 

Torture? Check. Sexal abuse? Check. Possibility to.kill a person? Check. Insane christianity nonsense? Check. This really IS like a tiny spanish inquisition...

}}

The really sad part is that, as medieval as this all seems, shit like this still goes on today.

