Rookie

Author: trebledeath

*000*2017-03-19 19:23

Chapter Text This takes place after the Deadlock gang is disbanded by Overwatch, so Jesse is seventeen and technically a minor. Nothing is sexual, but I mean, if that makes you uncomfortable just look away. This is multichapter, and there will probably be more than just Omo, but i won't post anything without warning.

###

Jesse sat in his chair, a scowl seemingly permanently etched into his face. He leaned back in the chair that was provided, propping one foot up on the bolted down table. He seemed content to sit there angrily for a bit before he looked up at the one way window against one side of the room. “Are you gonna come in here or what. I’m not gonna start talking on my own; yer just pissin’ me off.”

There was no response.

“I know your fucking watching me. Even if it’s just one of you. That or there’s a fuckign camera on the room.” There was no way that they’d just let a criminal go un supervised.

A slight crackle came on over the intercom for the holding cell. “I would appreciate it if you didn’t cuss so much. My twelve year old daughter is here.”

His face flushed, “What? She’s been here the whole time?”

“Yes. Would you like to meet her?”

He scrunched up his face, “I’m good. Why the hell are you bringing your kid to work? Especially if you work at a place like this?”

There was no response that time.

He rolled his eyes. “Oh, so now that I’ve pointed out your parenting flaws, you don’t want to talk?”

Jesse huffed once more and leaned back further in the chair.

Moments later, the door to the room swung open to reveal a younger woman, maybe about forty, followed by a twelve year old. “I didn’t hear your response, so I brought her any way.”

He frowned, “You’re only bringing her in here because I’m young, right?’

She tilted her head slightly. “What do you mean?”

He finally lowered the feet of his chair to the ground. “You wouldn’t let your precious little angel near any of the other of the Deadlock would you? I’m young, you think I haven’t ever ogled a girl or raped one.”

The girl sneered at him but stayed where she was, relatively behind her mother.

Her mother frowned, “I wouldn’t get in the habit of putting words in other people’s mouths if I were you. It might get you into trouble.” She walked further into the room, her shoulders pulled back from her body and her head held high. She took the seat across from him. “You’re seventeen, right?”

The younger girl followed her, keeping her own back straight and looking just as in charge, but she looked far more scared. She sat down as well, but she looked like she wanted to leave.

He sneered at the two of them instead of answering.

“It’s been quite a while since I’ve been your age. And I’m guessing no one in your group was your age either.” She gave an almost unwarranted chuckle, “I don’t have to guess, I saw them. They’re all almost as old as me.”

He kept silent.

She tilted her head, smiling a little, “You were so talkative a moment ago. What happened?”

Jesse scoffed, “You weren’t in the room before.”

“Huh. I thought it was your intention to get me in here to get you talking.”

“Well I ain’t gonna say shit to you. You’re gonna use anything I say against me.”

“Smart one. So would you say my presence is making it harder for you to open up as to why you murdered all those people and transported international contraband?”

“If I say yes, will you leave?”

“Maybe. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable. I mostly wanted to introduce you to my daughter. She’s probably the first person you’ve seen anywhere close to your age in a while.” She looked to her daughter and nudged her with her elbow. “Say hi, Fareeha.”

Fareeha scrunched up her nose. “I’m good.”

Jesse scowled, raising an eyebrow. “Not good enough for you?”

The older woman rolled her eyes. “Now that you two know each other--”

He cut her off. “Please. Don’t talk about me as if you know me.”

She only smiled in response, but her eyes screamed ‘Not this edgy teenagter bullshit again.’ Instead, she only said, “I know enough, Jesse.”

He fell silent seeing as that was the first time she said his name.

She was silent for a moment as if waiting for him to say anything. When he didn't speak, she continued. “I’m not going to ask you anything right now. There were a lot of people in your group so we’re stretched a little thin, and I want to focus most of our efforts on your leaders. You’re a small fry, a junior member. You can see why I’m not concerned with getting information out of you.”

His scowl grew deeper, if possible. “I know shit.”

“I’m sure you do. Don’t be offended, I have a special interest in you too. But we’re going to keep you here and someone will be watching you at all times.”

“Do you have enough employees for that?”

She gave another roll of the eyes. “I’m sure I do. You’ll mostly be with Blackwatch mostly anyway. Any other questions?”

“Yeah.” He shifted idly in his seat. “What’s the chance of me getting out of here?”

Fareeha gave him an incredulous look. “Did you just ask if there was any way you could escape?”

Hs glared at her for a brief moment. “Not like that. Is there any reason at all that you would ever let me out of this small room. Like to walk around or to get food or anything like that.”

The older woman answered him this time. “No, absolutely not. Despite your age you are still a criminal, and you can’t walk around freely, or even really with our agents with you. Plus, I find it better to deprive you of certain things; it makes you more open to talk. It won’t be that long before you get moved to prison anyway. We just need to get our information.”

Jesse huffed and flopped against the back of his chair. “Well good luck getting through to the boss.”

She gave him a genuine smile. “Thanks. If you have any more concerns ask to see Ana.” She stood up and walked out of the room. Fareeha followed closely, her sundress fluttering softly.

Jesse sighed softly and let himself fall silent. There was no point in whining when there was no one to listen. Well, there might have been someone listening, but he didn’t want to talk anyway.

Instead, he sat in silence, focussing on anything but the growing silence and the budding discomfort that settled heavily in his lower abdomen.

It was only a few hours before he was fidgeting lightly. He glanced towards the one sided window. “Hey. What happens when I need to piss?” He hoped that there was someone there and he wasn’t talking to no one like an idiot.

Sure enough, the intercom buzzed to life, “Then you hold it. You’re a big boy.” There was a slight accent to the gruff voice that answered him almost immediately.

He frowned. “It’s been some time since y’all arrested me. And I have no idea when I’m going to get out of here, what if I can’t be a big boy? Are you going to put me in time out?”

“You’re already there.”

He scoffed. “Then what? Are you gonna spank me?”

“If a holding cell is time out for people like you, do you really want to be spanked?” the voice paused, as if waiting for an answer. “Yeah. Now shut up.”

He rolled his eyes and fell silent, thought that only lasted for a few minutes. “Hey. Are y’all gonna feed me?”

Again, the gruff, man’s voice filled the room. “No. Stop whining.”

“What else am I supposed to do?”

“Stare at the wall and think about what you’ve done. This is time out isn’t it?”

Jesse sighed and went back to staring at the wall, willing himself not to fidget in front of this already grumpy man assigned to look after him and for his boss and whoever else was being questioned, which was apparently everyone but him to give quick honest answers. Most of all, he willed himself not to piss himself like a kid.

For the entirety of that day he had eaten beans but mostly he had drank a whole lot of water.

He sat and waited. Waited for what? He wasn't quite sure. Maybe to be carted away or released, or for the boss to get him, or for the woman to come back. Mostly he was waiting for himself to fall apart and accept that this was reality now.

That came eventually. The falling apart, that is.

Without much warning, piss started gushing from his crotch. He hadn't made much of an effort to stop it in an attempt to not look desperate for the past hour. So without the helpful squeezes of his hand of the thigh clenching, there was nothing stopping the flood gates.

The urine beaded up ever so slightly on top of his soaked crotch before trickling down onto the seat of the metal chair only to be absorbed by the fabric on the butt of his jeans. Eventually, it was even too much for that. The slightly yellow puddle leaked to the back of his thighs then fell off the chair, making some noise as it splattered onthe floor.

His cheeks were hot with tears and the blush that undoubtedly stained his tanned skinned. He wasn't full out sobbing or anything, but this wasn't pleasant. God, he was glad he was alone.

Just as that thought crossed his mind, the slight crackle of audio and electricity alerted him of a witness he forgot about. There was a soft ‘What the fuck.’ In that same voice that was probably not entirely directed at him, then a more clear, “Hey kid, you okay?”

Jesse remained silent, willing the tears that had collected to go away.

The intercom didn't shut off, allowing him to hear the voice call for backup. It shut off just a bit later.

Nearly ten minutes after he pissed himself, the door to the cell opened to reveal two men, one blond, one almost completely shaved. Both were frowning.

The darker stepped forward, speaking in the same voice from overhead, “You need to shower.”

When Jesse didn't move, he sighed and grabbed his upper arm and hoisted him to his feet, throwing the wet chair back a bit too. Once he was standing, he cuffed his hands together. “Sorry bout this, but you're still a criminal. And I don't doubt your ability to do damage when you want.”

The blond spoke up, “You afraid of a piss soaked pipsqueak, Gabe?”

“Ask the people he killed that, Jack.” A hand still on his upper arm, he lead the teenager out of the holding cell, presumably to the showers. Jesse avoided eye contact with both men, and he sure as hell didn't say anything.

Once in a room very similar to a locker room, the handcuffs were removed. “Undress and shower.”

He looked both men up and down, his gut twisting up. “Can't you spare me some privacy?”

The one called Jack scowled, “What, so you can find a weapon and attack us while we're vulnerable.”

He blinked slowly, breathing deeply. A headache was already starting to form from getting as worked up over this as he was. “What could I even use?”

“Like I'm going to give you ideas.”

“Well, can you just take a step back? I'm vulnerable here too.”

He rolled his eyes. “Disrobe and shower. If I have to tell you again, you're not going to shower.” He added, “Even letting you shower now is giving you too much,” under his breath.

Jesse frowned and closed his eyes for a moment, a wave of vague dizziness washing over him for a moment. He didn't know why, but it passed. “Please.” His voice had gone softer, and even softer than that, he spoke one last bit, “I just want to go home?”

His brows furrowed in anger. “Oh you want to go home? What about everyone who you and your fucking posse are keeping here for questioning? Or all the people you robbed out of home? Or all the people you killed who can never go home and see their family ever again? But you want to go home? Well guess what, kid? You don't have anywhere to go but a max security where you're going to rot for the rest of your days in hell, where you belong.”

His face crumpled at that, as did his body. His legs collapsed, allowing his wet thighs to press against his calves and his knees against his chest he crossed his arms around his abdomen and buried his red, tear streaked face in his knees, unable to even look at the men anymore. “I know!” He wailed.

Gabe sighed out of disgust for both the men in the room with him. He touched his earpiece, unseen to the now sobbing teenager in front of him. “Ana, I need you in the men's locker room in hall D.”

There was a pause before he spoke again. “It's self explanatory if you come here. It's about the kid you were interested in.”

*001*2017-03-19 19:30

This chapter doesn't really contain omo? There's some emeto and dacryphilia. It's mostly to move the plot along. I'm sorry. I know this isn't the focus of this site, but like? This is my thread now, and if this makes the overall story more coherent, I'm going to add it. Cause other wise, the third chapter will be hella confusing for you.

Chapter Text ###

Silence fell over the room, though it was often broken by the already broken sons of Jesse or the disgusted scoffs of Jack.

Eventually Ana walked into the locker room, no regard for if she would see a naked man. “You're dragging me away from first hand accounts, this had better be important.” She stopped herself when she saw Jesse, “What happened, better yet, whose fault is it.”

Jack shrugged, “I didn't coddle him if that's what you mean.”

“Makes sense. Can you go find a uniform in his size, he can't walk around in those clothes. Gabe and I will make sure he gets cleaned up.”

Footsteps echoed off the tiles as jack left.

Ana took his place, “Jesse, stand up.”

He didn't reply.

“Can you stand up on your own or does Gabe need to help you?”

Still no response.

She gestured and Gabe walked over to him. Once again he grabbed his upper arm and hoisted him to his feet, though this time he had to hold him there. Tears were still rapidly making their way down his face.

“Good. I need you to calm down. Nothing is going to change for better or for worse right now, especially if you don't calm down. Can you take a few deep breathes for me?”

Jesse forced himself to inhale deeply albeit shakily, and exhale in much the same way. He did that a few times before the tears slowed and he finally supported himself. He brought a hand up to swipe at his face.

Gabe let go of him as Ana spoke again. “Excellent. Now you need to shower. Can you get undressed and shower?”

“Can I get some privacy?” The same request as before but his voice was shaky this time around.

She shook her head, “You understand why I can't let you out of my sight, right?”

He bit his lip, “It's fucking stupid.” Of course his voice cracked on the one sort of tough thing he managed to say in the past half hour.

The barest hint of a sympathetic smile appeared on her face. “Maybe. If you don't want to undress, you can't shower or change into clean clothes. Are you okay with that?”

He didn't say anything, instead he started to stop, keeping his gaze on the floor as his lean, scarred body was revealed.

As soon as his soaked underpants were thrown to the floor with a wet plop, he scurried into the shower and turned it on.

No one said anything while he washed himself quickly. There were the tell tale sounds of Jack's return, namely the door creaking open and his boots squeaking against the tiles. Then the sounds of Ana leaving after a few hushed words covered up by the overwhelming noise of blood pounding in his ears and the water swirling around his feet.

At least it was hot water. Some places with mass showers didn't have hot water. Once he was washed with as much efficiency as he could get with just water, he stepped out of the stream.

Jack and Gabe were still standing there, a uniform that looked roughly his size on a bench near them. Gabe held out a towel for him. “Dry off and get dressed.”

He sighed wanted to respond with a quip about the obviousness of the situation. But a wave of nausea and dizziness stopped him from opening his mouth lest he throw up. He just grabbed the towel and moved to grab the clothes as well.

Instead, he passed out, landing on the cold tiles.

He bolted awake some time later, he mouth filling with bile. A blond girl about his age near him saw his panicked expression and handed him a trash can which he promptly threw up into.

A bit shakily, he put it down. “Where am I?”

The nurse smiled. “Med bay. You passed out after you showered.”

He sat up a bit more in the bed he was on, noticing he was naked save for the pants someone put on him. “I passed out? I don't usually do that.”

“Not many people do. It could have been from the pressure difference between a hot shower and cold outside. That makes a lot of people dizzy, but I just think you got dehydrated. Pardon my reach…” she trailed off as she moved closer to check his pulse with her cold hand and shine a light into his eyes.

“I'm fine. I drank water today and it's not like I'm running around a desert or anything.”

“I know. But you seem to be dehydrated anyway. Maybe you just didn't drink enough water regardless. Good thing I put you on an IV.”

Fareeha walked into the room, scowling at Jesse, then shifting her slightly softening gaze to the nurse. “Angela, you were told to call Gabe when he woke up”

Angela turned to her. “He might be awake, but he's not ready to leave.”

“You shouldn't be talking to criminals. He's dangerous.”

“Don't worry, I have a gun.” The smile she had on her face was still present.

Jesse sighed, “Thanks for the warm reception and helping me not puke on your cot, but I think I am ready to go back.”

It was only then that her smile disappeared, “Do you want to leave? Why? Don't you hate those questioning rooms and how they ignore your human rights in order to get answers.”

Fareeha moved closed, sitting on a stool next to Angela. “To be fair, he violated other people's rights, like life, happiness, and property.”

Jesse rolled his eyes, “Listen, I know you and everybody else in this fucking building has a beef with me, but do you really think that I committed or even had a hand in every crime the deadlock did. I'm a criminal, yeah, but cut me some slack, kid.”

Angela sighed, “You could have genuinely killed those people and I wouldn't care. No one deserves that, but it's what Ana wants, and usually people are only held for a day at most. No one's gotten that dehydrated before…” she trailed off, a frown on her face.

He shrugged, “Must have been a remnant from being arrested under the hot sun. Can you hand me that shirt?”

She nodded and handed him the uniform shirt.

He started to put it on but stopped half way. “Can you take this IV out of my arm.”

“I don't know if I should let you go quite yet…”

“It's fine, it's either I take it out or you do. You have more experience than I do.”

With a sigh, she undid the IV and put a bandage where it was. “I'll call Gabe in here if you really want to leave.”

Jesse finished putting on the shirt. “It's nothing against you, darling. I'm afraid I'll be in for more trouble if I take any longer than necessary.” He stood up, only swaying slightly.

Another sigh passed her slightly parted lips. “Okay.” She put a finger to her ear piece. “Gabe, you can come collect Jesse now. He's awake.”

A voice feminine voice answered her instead,“Actually Angela, I'd like to speak with him if I may. You can keep him in the med bay.”

She sighed heavily, “So I took that IV out for nothing.”

“Yep. Is Fareeha with you?”

“Yes ma'am.”

“Excellent, I'll be down in a bit.”

She nodded and took her hand away from her ear. “Ana's coming to get you.”

Not too long later, Ana showed up and sat down in yet another chair. “Gabe’s busy and I'm finished asking questions. It's almost time for all of you to get shipped out to a prison.”

Jesse frowned, “Why are you here to tell this to me?”

The woman shrugged in return, “Sympathy. I told you I had an interest in you, did I not? Did I ever tell you why I had an interest?”

He shook his head.

“Your age, mainly. And the way you carry yourself. You act like a teenager, full of angst and faux edginess, but I don't think you're genuinely a bad person. I don't many people your age could be evil. I think you did stupid, illegal things because of the environment you were in. Personally, I think that morals are only ditched if there is something wrong with a person or if circumstances calls for it.”

There was a small pause in her speech, allowing Jesse to jump in. “Why are you telling me this? Even if I were to agree, who cares? Whatever circumstances I was forced into, I should have known better and all that shit. I can tell you a sob story. That doesn't mean you shouldn't send me to prison. Everyone has a sob story, doesn't mean you can take pity on everyone. Everyone needs to own up to the shit they did.”

Ana shrugged. “I just don't think you're a bad kid. And I think you got handed the short end of the stick in life, and in your gang. But my morals aside, you're awfully skilled. You weren't that involved in the politics of the deadlock, but you sure as hell were an asset to them. A lot of them said that, and we knew of your talents before that.”

“So? There are a lot of people in deadlock that can shoot a gun just as fast as I can.”

“True, but I don't think all of them are redeemable. They might have been forced down the wrong path, but they're not young and malleable like you. I think there's still hope for you and I think it would be a shame if you were to be forced into an adults prison, surrounded by men twice your age, just wasting away.

His scowl fell as his face relaxed. “You're really thinking bout letting me go?”

“Mother no!” Fareeha, who had been relatively calm stood up. “You can't let a murderer and a rapist and a theif and a smuggler walk the streets!”

Ana looked at her daughter, relatively calmly. “It's not your decision Fareeha. It's not mine either.” She turned to stare at Jesse. “You would be with black watch since you could serve best there. And to be clear, you wouldn't be completely free. You would be the legal charge of someone if they agree to take you on, and if you ever become a deserter, consider yourself an inmate at a max security prison. But it will be better than living in fear of getting raped everyday.” She stood up, “We’ll just see how everything pans out. Let's go back to your cell, yes? It's clean now, and your clothes have been washed.”

Jesse stood up and followed her out of the room silently.

*002*2017-03-19 23:26

Contains plot and omo. Idk. Critique me?

###

Ana lead jesse silently back to the holding cell. The puddle he had left was cleaned up and his once wet clothes were sitting, folded up on the table.

He stepped into the small square room only to hear the click of the door being shut. With that, he stepped forward to change into his other clothes. Whoever was watching could just deal with seeing him relatively nude. In the end, the uniform he was leant was left in a less tidy pile on the table as he resumed sitting in the chair.

A couple minutes later, The man named Gabe walked into the room with a tray of food. He put it down in front of the teen as he sat down across from him. “Angela and Ana wanted to make sure you're healthy. You look fine to me.”

Jesse shrugged and picked up the plastic. Of course they wouldn't give him a fork. “You were the one to see me pass out.”

“Yeah. Had to dry you off and get you dressed before I got you to Angela.”

He started to poke at the potatoes on the tray. “Why? She's medically trained, she's seen a dick before, hasn't she?”

“I wouldn't know. And I felt like you'd get pissy if I gave you away like that. Why do you care? Just shut up and eat; you're getting better treatment than most people that come through here.”

Jesse took a few bites and downed half the glass of water before speaking again. “Are you going to stay until I'm done eating?”

He shrugged, crossing his arms over his chest as he did so. “I'll have to take the tray back when you're done, so it makes sense.”

He nodded and took another bite. “You're part of blackwatch, right? Have y'all started talking about whether or not you're gonna keep me?,

Another shrug from Gabe. “We started talking as soon as you came in. Ana is always trying to save young souls. Jack is opposed to it.”

“What about you?”

“I'm not going to give you any false hope. Let's just leave it at that.”

He rolled his eyes. “I haven't met anyone else from blackwatch have I?”

“Ana technically. She's part of everything.”

Jesse nodded. “Is it like a majority vote thing, or if anyone is willing to take me in, will I be taken in?”

Gabe scoffed, “We’ll see. I think you've gotten too optimistic.”

“Kay fine. When are we getting shipped out to prison? I kind of don't want to stay the night here.”

“I don't know. How about you stop asking me questions.”

He frowned, “You're here, why not get answers out of you.”

“what makes you think I have answers?”

He shrugged. “You know more than me.” The not once again fell silent and finished eating the meal placed in front of him. He pushed it towards Gabe. “Finished.”

Instead of standing up, Gabe kept sitting. “Hey kid, how long were you with that gang of yours?”

He shrugged, “As long as I could hold a gun and not die. Five years or so I guess. Why do you ask?”

It was Gabe’s turn to shrug. “You just don't eat like someone who's been in a gang a long time.”

“What does that even look like?”

He shrugged yet again. “It just looks different. You'd know if you spent as much time as I have watching people like you.” He took the tray and stood up. He started towards the door but hesitated. “One last question, kid. Why did you join them?”

“Getting personal, ain't ya?” Jesse crossed his arms and leaned back in his chair.

“I brought you food, just tell me.”

With a sigh and shrug, he spoke. “Cause there wasn't much else in my small town. I was on my own, and when you're ten and alone, there ain't much to do but steal or beg. No one can afford another mouth to feed, and you can't get a job unless a gang comes along and they happen to like the way you look. If you can pull your weight, you do what it takes to have any security. Why'd you join Overwatch?”

“You're getting too personal.” Gabe left the room, making sure to slam the door as he left.

Jesse pouted and slinked back in the chair. At least he had something to eat before he was going to prison. He resigned himself to staring at the wall until they collected him again.

Eventually, Gabriel came back, this time with papers and a pen in hand. He sat down, again without explaining why he was there first. “I was talking with some people and there are enough people who agree it would be beneficial for us as an organization to have you on our side.”

Jesse cocked his head to the side, letting his slightly unkempt hair fall around his eyes. “What are you talking about?”

“I'm sure Ana told you. You seem like a redeemable person, and you'd be an asset to us. I talked to some people and now I can formally offer you a compromise. I can legally adopt you and post bail, but you'd be immediately drafted into our ranks. I would be your CO and guardian, so you'd have to listen to everything I say, and the training will be rough. But I still think it's better than rotting in some prison. What of you think?”

“Do I get any say in this?”

“Of course. There are only two choices though. Join us or join your group in max security.”

He frowned, “I don't know why that's a question. I'll put up with whatever hazing you have in store for me as long as it means I'm relatively free.”

Gabe nodded, “That's what I thought.” He picked up the pen he had let fall to the surface of the table just a bit before. The room was filled with silence and the occasional scratch of the pen on paper.

“Okay, it's official. You're mine, and in a bit you're part of blackwatch.” He stood up and went to the door for the umpteenth time, opening it with his keys. “Let's go.”

“Where are we going?”

“To find Ana.”

“You're not going to call reinforcements or handcuff me?” So far, the only person to trust him enough to have their back turned to him in an open environment was Ana. But that was likely because she was skilled in combat.

“If you kill or hurt me, then you're freedom goes out the window. I think that's threat enough for you to behave like a good boy. Now come on.”

A bit startled at the speed all this was happening, Jesse stood and followed him out.

Ana was just outside the door, apparently on her way in. She stopped in her tracks, a bit startled. “I was coming in to check on you. Did you decide on anything, Gabe?”

“Yeah, he's with us now.” He handed the papers over.

She looked them over and nodded. “Good. Show him around, get him settled and he'll join training tomorrow.”

Gabe nodded in turn and walked off. Jesse followed.

After a quick tour--quick meaning Gabe walked briskly through the building--they were in a car, driving away from the base, the older now dressed in civilian clothes which weren't too much different than what he was wearing before. e.

Jesse frowned out of the car window at the now darkened sky. “It's late.”

“No shit, Sherlock.”

“Just saying. Y'all ambushed us late morning. Almost a full twelve hours later I've had one meal and that's cause I'm lucky. What about the other guys? Did they get food or water, or at least get their wounds looked at?”

“You shouldn't concern yourself with them. They're on their way to jail and you won't see them again.”

Jesse fell silent for a bit, though it didn't last long. “Where are we going anyway?”

“Shopping. You need clothes and other belongings.”

He nodded slowly, “I reckon I do. Something tells me you're not gonna let me anywhere near the base.”

“The Deadlock base? No, absolutely not.”

He cracked the barest hint of a smile, “What, you don't trust me?”

“I trust you enough to walk around unarmed in an open environment where you can't get a gun. I trust you enough not to do something stupid enough land your ass in prison. But I don't nearly trust you enough to let you anywhere near your old home or teammates or weapons, especially if I'm the only one with you.”

For some reason, his smile grew, “Aw, how flattering, you think I'm dangerous.”

“You were in a gang up until twenty minutes ago. I don’t doubt your ability to cause me harm if you want. If we’re being realistic, I bet I could. Take you in a fight, easily, but it’s a fool’s game to gamble.”

Jesse fell into a prolonged silence as they finished their drive. Eventually, Gabe parked in the lot of a store. In just a few minutes, they were busy in the clothing area.

After three pairs of pants, Jesse huffed as he was sent back to the changing room with another pair of pants. “Are you gay?”

Gabe pulled a face. “Where's that coming from?”

“You're obsessing over clothes. All of these pants fit fine. This is a waste of time.”

“You need to be able to move well in the clothes you wear. Could you fight in those clothes?”

He shrugged, “Sure. I guess.”

He shook his head, “You can't. You need close fitting but not overly tight pants. Preferably with a diamond crotch.”

He rolled his eyes, “Sounds gay to me.”

Gabe scoffed, “Just go change your damn pants and stop talking about sexuality.”

“You didn't say no.”

His already small, unamused frown grew into a scowl. “I think you're projecting, go change. Now.”

He sighed and stalked back into the changing room. He came back out with the next pair of pants. “What about this?”

Gabe shook his head, “Not quite. Let's go to another store.”

He whined, “Why? Can't you just settle?”

“No. Let's go.”

Jesse huffed but went back into the changing room to get his original pants. At least they had gotten some shirts. He followed to the checkout line, sulking most of the way. After a bit he spoke up, “Hey, while you're doing this. Can I go use the restroom?”

“No. You need to stay with me.”

He whined, “I'm not five, and I'm a free man now. Just let me go, I'll be gone for a few minutes.”

“I already said no. We're going to be leaving in a minute anyway. Can't you handle yourself for a few minutes?”

He frowned but fell silent as Gabe purchased the items.

In the car, Jesse slouched in the passenger seat, his feet propped against the dashboard.

Gabe frowned, “Where'd this pissy attitude come from all of a sudden?”

He shrugged, “Take a guess.”

“What, are you grumpy because I didn't let you take a piss? Or are you just tired? You're not a toddler, you don't get to be grumpy because you're minority uncomfortable. Shape up.”

He grunted but righted his position.

In the next store, he started walking away from Gabe almost immediately.

The older grabbed his wrist, “Where the hell do you think you're going?”

He frowned in return, “Bathroom. I still need to piss.”

“I thought I told you to shape up. You can handle yourself can't you?”

Had he been asked that a day ago, he would have answered definitely. But now he wasn't so sure. He had already pissed himself in front of this man just hours ago. And he hadn't felt any urge to go until twenty minutes ago when it hit almost suddenly.

He frowned but let Gabe drag him away. He feared that showing resistance would land him somewhere unsavory.

The pressure in his lower stomach only built as he was handed a pair of pants and sent into the changing room. He gave himself a squeeze before pulling on the pants and walking out for inspection.

Gabe pursed his lips. “It's too long, but otherwise fine. Let me go look for a something similar. Just wait here.”

He rolled his eyes a bit but went back into the changing stall to wait. Once he was shielded from the outside world, he stuck his hand back to his crotch for extra support. His bladder was filling at an alarming rate for a reason he did not know, and frankly he hated it.

His hips bucked into his hand and he bit back a whine. God, he hoped there was no one else around.

It was only a couple minutes before Gabe slung a pair of pants over the stall door. “Try those on.”

Jesse frowned but moved to put them on. His hand brushed his now swollen lower abdomen. He hissed but kept moving. It was fine, he hadn't lost any liquid.

“You okay?” Apparently he had heard him hiss in pain.

“Y-yeah I'll be fine,” he managed to stammer out. He moved to pull on the second pair as soon as he rid himself of the first. He shifted his weight from foot to foot as he pulled it up. The biggest problem came as he was forced to button it up. The waist of these jeans was now digging into his bloated bladder.

Just another hiss would have escaped Jesse had something else not escaped. A small trickle of urine escaped him, wetting the fabric of his newly cleaned underwear just barely. A gasp almost like a yelp accompanied the escape of the urine.

Gabe rapped on the stall door, “Are you okay?”

“Not really.” He finished fastening the pants and opened the door. Gabe was standing right there. “How does this look?”

“Fine. You said you weren't doing well?” A touch of concern invaded his face.

“Yeah. I still need to go to the bathroom. Can we just buy these?”

He nodded. “Go change, I'll grab another pair.”

As Gabe left, Jesse closed the door and started to change. Once again he ran into the trouble of touching his swollen stomach too much. But the time he had his original pants on, there was quite a noticeable wet spot on his underwear. He knew there soon would be one on his jeans.

He sighed and sat down to put on his boots. Sitting down was almost a relief, but leaning over was a mistake. Compressing his bladder was too much. Almost without warning, piss started to erupt out of his, soaking his jeans and once again collecting around his ass and thighs.

A knocking came at the door. “You ready?”

He had nothing to say. What could he?

Jesse stood up, cringing at the squish of his socks. Wordlessly, he opened the door to the changing room, his face flush.

Gabe's mouth made a small ‘o’. He recovered quickly though. “Put your shoes on and we can go.”

He nodded and sat down again. Gabe already left to go buy the clothes.

Ten minutes and minimal witnesses later, they were on their way back to the base. Neither of them spoke a word this time.

*003*2017-05-13 18:46

Wow I'm still writing this? yes. this has some sort of forced wetting in the end.

###

The next morning, Jesse was woken up by Gabriel barging into the small room he had been assigned. Usually new recruits were put in the barracks, but since he was a special case, he was given a room. Not that it mattered apparently, what with Gabe noisily making his way into the small space.

He stood in front of the bed, his arms crossed. “Get up.”

With a groan, Jesse pulled his head out of his pillow and looked up at the man, “What.”

“I said get up.”

With another groan, he got out of bed, revealing to the older man that he was just wearing an undershirt and boxers, “I'm up. What the fuck time is it?” His sentence was spoken through a yawn.”

“Six. Get used to waking up at this time.”

“This is insane. Why do I have to be awake this early?”

“Training. Well, usually. Today you have assessments, and once we know what you know and what you can do, you’ll either train with the rookies or train mostly on your own. Get dressed.”

Jesse huffed again but started moving to grab a shirt and pants. Once he was more or less dressed, he turned to Gabe. “What kind of assessments?”

“Mostly physical, see how far you can run, how much you can deadlift, how well you can shoot a gun. But also medical, Jack will take you to that.” Gabe started walking out of the room once the teen was dressed.

“How about I just tell you what I know and we skip all this? I can shoot a gun pretty damn good. I can run fine, but I've never been much of a sprinter, I don't know how much I can lift, but I ain't weak, and I'm in fine health. Ain't nothin wrong with me.”

The last statement caused the older to stop and turn to raise a brow at him, “Really? Cause you keep wetting yourself.”

A hint of color rose in Jesse’s cheeks. “You honestly can't blame me for that, that's all on you and your bullshit rules around here. There's too much bureaucracy in the government and military or whatever larger organization owns Overwatch. There's so much red tape.”

He started walking again, apparently leading the boy to the mess hall. “You're blaming the rules for your lack of composure? Sounds like a cop out.”

“Whatever. Still don't think it warrants any kind of medical checkup.”

“You're getting one, end of discussion.”

True to his word, the conversation was over, and all other attempts at arguing it were cut short seeing as Gabe didn't reply as he walked Jesse through getting breakfast.

It took half an hour for him to get fed and handed an earpiece. “I'm going to leave you with Jack since I have to watch the rookies train. Touch it here when you speak and basically everyone with an earpiece can hear you, so just don't be stupid. Contact me or Ana if you need anything.”

Jack walked up to the two, eyeing Jesse as he did. “Hey Gabe. Is he ready?”

Jesse sneered, “Why don't you ask me yourself instead of taking over me like I'm some sort of dog.”

Gabe swatted the back of his head lightly, “Don't talk to your superiors that way.”

He brought up a hand to rub the back of his head, though he wasn't really hurt. He didn't have a response, he just followed as Jack quickly pecked Gabe on the lips and lead him away.

They walked the relatively empty halls in silence for a few minutes, but inevitably, Jesse ruined that. “So you and Gabriel are in a homosexual relationship?”

Jack turned his head slightly to glare at him, “Don’t phrase it like that, and don’t say it like those words will kill you. The only thing that will hurt you here is your ignorance and me if you don’t shut up.”

He held up a hand. “Nah, I didn’t mean it like that. Sorry, I just never know how to ask without sounding like a bigoted jackass. I’m cool with it. It’s 2040 for crying out loud.”

“Yeah? Well twenty years ago it was still an issue, so forgive me for not believing your scum ass for a second. Just leave the topic alone.”

He huffed, “Just saying, we have bigger problems to deal with than two dudes kissing. Like omics and people kissing.”

Jack huffed but continued to walk him to the med bay.

Once there, an older man looked up, “Ah, so this is my seven o’ clock. Have a seat.”

Jesse moved to sit down on the cot across from where the doctor was sitting on his rolling chair. “I thought that Angela was the medic here.”

“No, she’s more like an assistant. She’s very bright, but she hasn’t gone through medical school. She’s away patching up minor wounds of people who just got back from last night's mission, so you’ll have to deal with me instead of a cute girl. Can I see your arm?”

He reached out his arm, “I wasn’t asking because I think she’s cute or-” He was cut off my the doctor stabbing his arm near his elbow joint. “Ow, what the hell?”

“You’re fine, stop whining, “I’m just taking a bit of blood for tests.” Once he got his blood, he set it aside. “Any medications you’re on or any medical conditions?”

“No. Is this really proper medical procedure?” He pulled his arm away and cradled it once it was released.

“Who knows, I haven’t been to the real world since the first omnic crisis.” He swiveled in his chair and grabbed a small plastic cup. “Allright, I need you to pee in this cup so we can run some other tests.”

Jesse frowned as he took the small plastic cup from him. “But I don’t really need to go right now…”

“That sucks. Do it anyway.” He turned to Jack, “You can get him some water if you need, but I will need that cup filled..”

Jack nodded and gripped Jesse’s arm, a lot lighter than he expected. “Come on, let’s go.”

Jesse frowned up at him, “I can walk myself, I’m not a dog.” He did stand up though and follow him out of the med bay.

“I don’t really trust you. You are a criminal after all.”

He shrugged and fell into silence. There was no point in trying to argue that; he was still a criminal, even if all charges had been dropped. And it didn’t really seem like Jack was the type of person to let rigorous law breaking go because of a tragic backstory. SO he just stayed quiet and decided to do what Jack ordered him to do, though he still scowled at him.

In the end, he was asked--asked being the nicest of the words to describe how Morrison gave the request--to down around half a liter of water. Soon enough, he had to piss. Badly.

His hips twitched as he refused to move his thoughts together or stick a hand in his crotch. “Okay, I need to piss now, Can I stop chugging water? I swear to god, you're going to kill me with all this water.”

“You’ll be fine. We can go to the bathroom though.” He started leading him off again, though this time he didn’t grab his arm. He was growing comfortable around Jesse, and Jesse was starting to get cocky.

They reached a bathroom just as Jesse started to walk with his knees pressed together to try and alleviate some of the pressure. He had the little plastic cup in his pocket, he had to pee, there was a stall right there, but he stuck around to sass Jack a little bit.

He rubbed his thighs together a little, trying to hold back a smirk. “So, I noticed you’ve taken a disliking to me. How can your boyfriend like me enough to take me in and you still have a stick so far up your ass that you can’t see anything in me other than a thug?”

Jack drew up a corner of his mouth, though not in a smirk, in more of a grimace or sneer. “I can’t excuse the fact that you had a hand in all of the deaths that happened because of your group.”

He scoffed, trying to discreetly dance from foot to foot. “We didn’t even kill people really. I only ever saw anyone in trouble when the local PD or people like you tried to get involved. I don’t know why you guys thought we were so bad, no one died.”

He set his jaw and his eyebrow twitched. Apparently that was the last straw. “Liste kid. I don’t know if you’re trying to get a raise out of me, or if you’re just plain ignorant, but you should know better than that.”

Jesse frowned, all traces of his smirk gone, now he was sort of upset. “I ain’t ignorant. You’re the ignorant one. What kind of life did you live before you started to work here? Huh? I bet you had a perfect family where your mom baked roasts on the weekend and your dad had a nine to five job, loved you, and always made time for you. And because you had a good home life, you did well in school and sports, and eventually got into the military. ANd now you have some sort of sick sense of justice, because you grew up with black and white morals and never were forced to look outside of that. You’ve never had to make a tough decision. You’ve never been the bad guy. You’ve never taken your head out of your ass or stepped outside your stupid bubble of perfect.”

That monologue was all it took for Jack to pin Jesse to the wall. He put a hand roughly to his shoulder and pushed him up against the tiled, bathroom wall, keeping him there with his now too close body. “I don’t know who the hell told you you’re special, but you aren’t You aren’t the only one with a rough past, and not everyone around you came from a perfect home. But that’s besides the point. The point is that you are truly stupid to think that having grey areas in your morals excuses all the things your group did. And you’re ridiculous to think your actions didn’t have any consequences.

“Do you know how many people died from the drugs and weapons you peddled? What about The people you inevitably got killed when you guys blew up shit to get what you wanted? Are you so dense t believe that the buildings and trains had no one in them? Just money? What about when you were shooting at the PD or other military groups. DId you really think that not one person died? How stupid are you?”

He glanced down his nose at him, noticing how he was squirming a bit now. He seemed to writhe under the pressure of the situation, but also from the pressure that was no doubt settling and growing in his lower abdomen. They were in the bathroom for him, it made sense for him to need to piss. He smirked and worked his own knee between Jesse’s thighs, forcing him to spread his legs and probably lose some control. “I don’t want to hear you speak to me about how you think you’re a good person. You’re not, and you won’t be in my book for a long time. You can’t just say you’re past all the shit you’ve done and pretend we’re good. I’m not as easily convinced as Gabe is.”

Jesse’s shoulders stiffened as he leaked a bit. God, he really had to piss. The water he was forced to drink just a bit before. Still, he did not back down. “You think I’m an inherently evil person, don’t you? Do you think I wanted to put up with everything they did? That I agreed with everything that happened? If you’ve ever been without a home, you’d learn to put up with a lot of things just to be promised a meal and a place to sleep. So don’t fucking tell me that I’m a bad person that you can’t trust just be--” He cut himself off with a gasp as he started to piss himself. His muscles were evidently tired from yesterday.

The urine soaked through the seat of his jeans and started to run down Jack’s own leg. JEsse just went silent and watched as the hot piss leaked out of him and down onto the floor, leaving sloppy wet streaks on three different legs as it went. The sound of it hitting the tiles below was deafening. Every little drop sent ripples in the already expansive, mostly clear lake that was developing below the pair.

Jesse wasn’t crying, no, but he wasn’t really reacting positively. He was barely reacting, just shuddering from relief or the shame of having not made it to the bathroom a single time in the entire time he had been in the base. Eventually, he reached a single hand up to the ear piece he was given not two hours ago. He pushed the mic button and spoke, “Gabe, I don’t think I’ll be able to do any physical tests today.”

Gabe’s response was almost immediate, “Why the hell not? You better have a good excuse to be wimping out this early.”

Jack spoke up, “I think you should let him go. He does seem pretty sick; he just pissed all over my leg like a dog.”

Gabe sighed. “Fine. Rest or do whatever you need to be able to do physical tests tomorrow.”

*006*2017-05-15 18:01

I have realized, I do not know how to use this site.... this is a useless addition. i will be back later to turn this comment to the next chapter. thank you all for your patience and comments.

*007*2017-06-12 01:48

No wetting this time, some world building and a build of setup and tying of loose ends.

###

Jesse was currently stuck in bed, sick to his stomach with nerves. He couldn’t tell if it was unfounded paranoia, anxiety, or just uneasiness from the overall situation and unfamiliarity with his surroundings. His stomach was in knots regardless of what the main contributor was.

Just as he resolved for a second time to never leave this room, someone knocked on the door. He sighed and got up to answer it, expecting it to be the medic again, this time with the results of the blood and urine tests rather than asking, rather rudely, for an actual sample.

To his surprise, twelve year old Fareeha was standing there, frowning with a pack of cards in hand. “Mother sent me to check on you and keep you company.”

Jesse frowned slightly, not out of malice, but more out of uncertainty or surprise. He leaned against the doorframe, “Why? I’m fine without your help, no offence.”

She scowled at him, “Offence taken. I don’t know why she sent me. Probably more for my benefit than yours. But, I am willing to bet that we’ll both get an earful if you send me back so soon.”

He shrugged and stepped aside, “Allright, fine. Keep me company, take my temperature or whatever.”

“Thank you.” She bowed her head at him before stepping fully into the room. She sat on the bed, still clearly guarded despite her casual assertion of herself into his room.

Jesse sat on the bed as well. He was there first, and he’d be damned if this twelve year old bullied him out of his bed. He did, however, stay pressed against the headboard away from her.

Fareeha tilted her head a bit sa she looked at him. “Are you really sick?”

He shrugged again, “Fuck if I know. I reckon that between the two of us, you’re the one with more medical knowledge.”

She pursed her lips as if thinking before shaking her head. “I don’t think I’ve learned anything from following Angela and other medics around. Not that I really want to.”

“Then why do you do it if you don’t get anything out of it?”

“My mother. She wants me to be a field medic if I even go into military and get into the Overwatch Program. She was a medic, and she said it was a good starting point. But, I think she just doesn’t want me to see people die or get hurt.”

“Well, she has a good point. It’s not fun to see people die. Especially if you know you’ve killed them.” He reached across the bed and picked up the deck of cards she brought.

She didn’t stop him. “Please, like you’ve ever killed anyone.”

“Hey now! Just yesterday you were shouting up a storm abou thow much of a terrible murderere I was.” He started to absentmindedly shuffle the cards.

“That’s before I heard about all of the dorky things you do. Weilhelm says you’re a wimp.”

“I haven’t even met Weilhelm.”

She shrugged, “He was talking with Gabe and Jack and you came up. I walked in halfway through.”

He pouted, “Whatever.” Neither of them said anything for a couple moments, not until he held up the freshly shuffled deck, “You know any card games?”

“I know a few. I’m not that good.”

“I bet you’re just saying that so I go easy and then you clean me out.” He started to deal out the cards.

They played in silence for a while before Fareeha spoke up. “Did you actually kill people?”

“Me personally or the gang?”

“Both.”

He leaned back, “Mm, I like to say the guys and I never hurt anyone that didn’t have it coming. If you stayed in your lane, you didn’t get hurt. So other gangs and raiders and all that, yeah, they got killed. I can tell you how many I know for sure were my fault, just because there was no one else around. But, if everyone is shooting, you don’t know if you landed the final shot or not, and I’m not sure you want to know. I guess I killed people, not that many though.”

She nodded and looked back down at her hand of cards. After a moment, she looked back up, another question on her lips. “What about rape? You said you had raped tons of women. Was that true?”

He inhaled deeply through his nose, “Fareeha, I probably had more men forced on me than anyone in the Deadlock gang ever forced themselves on a woman.”

She scoffed, “Please, men can’t be raped.”

He sighed and leaned back on the headrest. “Fine. Well no, I didn’t really see too many women. We were a bit too far away from any towns. And when we actually did go into town, it was for business. So no, there wasn’t an opportunity for sex, consensual or otherwise.”

She nodded. “So why did you say so?”

He shrugged, “Intimidation. It clearly didn’t work.”

“You should stop lying.”

He shrugged again, “Okay. I guess so.”

Before the conversation could continue, another knock came from the open door. Standing in the doorway was Gabe. “Fareeha, can you give us a minute?”

“Sure.” She grabbed the cards and bounced out of the room. Despite her somber words, she had a very bouncy way of moving.

Gabe stepped into the room, “Test results got back.”

“Cool. What does that mean?”

“It means I could see there were drugs in your system. There were a few different ones and it looked like one acted like a diuretic.”

At the mention of drugs, all he could do was give a halfhearted shrug. “I’m not addicted or anything. And it’s not like anything I took has any bearing on my physical ability. I won’t take anymore if you have such a beef.”

He raised a brow, “What about withdrawal?”

“I’ll be fine. I already said I wasn’t addicted. It’s not like I can go through withdrawal if I was never addicted. I am curious about this diuretic. I don’t take anything like that.”

Gabe was the one to shrug at that, “One of your buddies might have slipped it into something you ate as a prank.”

Jesse nodded, that sounded like them. He gave a low hum before responded to Gabe. “Maybe. Why do you sound so pissed about drugs? I’m supposed to be a criminal. Is this really surprising?”

He gave a heavy sigh. “I guess not. But it’s very disappointing still.” He fell silent as he glanced around the room before his gaze finally landed back on Jesse. “You don’t look that sick. Are you feeling better than you did an hour ago?”

“I guess so. Why?”

“I just want to know if you feel good enough to do some physical tests today.”

“What if I do them tomorrow?”

“You’d have to test with Jack since I trsain in the mornings.”

Jesse shuddered at the thought. “Okay. I guess I feel good enough to test now.” He stood up off of the bed, ready to follow Gabe.

The older man nodded, “Let’s go.”

