Wallflower's Invisible Wetting

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-03-22 05:34

Here's part of a fic I'm writing on fimfiction.net. Readers are fussier about quality there. The ending was inspired by a comment on a derpibooru picture of her wetting herself. The commenter said they'd be quite interested to read the story I'd make out of it and I hope I don't disappoint them.

The character here is Wallflower Blush of the Equestria Girls movie, Forgotten Friendship. I may not have seen a whole lot of it (skimming the beach scenes for one of my tamer yet weird interests), but I know how Wallflower's story goes. I may have exaggerated just how "invisible" she is to everyone.

Wallflower's Invisible Wetting

At first, today seemed like a regular day for Wallflower Blush. She got out of bed, got dressed, had her breakfast, and went to school. Once she got there, no one noticed her, as usual.

However, as she began her first class, she realized she had not used the bathroom this morning. She needed to pee.

At first, she was sure she could hold it. She didn't have to go that bad. She fidgeted slightly in her seat. As the class progressed, her bladder was gradually filling up, and she became more uncomfortable. Although, she was able to get her mind off it a little because they were studying plants.

She made it through her science class without much trouble, but not long into her second class, she felt her urgency increase, due to the coffee she had drank this morning.

She didn't want her first big scene to be wetting her pants in front of the entire class. It would be an embarrassing first impression. She raised her hand.

The teacher didn't answer, continuing his history lecture.

Wallflower shook her hand a bit more. Most of the teachers of the school were generally good teachers who let their students use the bathroom. But, the teacher just didn't seem to notice her.

After a few minutes, she gave up and crossed her legs, fidgeting where she sat.

She suffered through the history lesson before the bell rang. Wallflower was thankful, for it meant recess.

To her dismay, all the stalls were taken. Wallflower held herself and did the pee dance. Another girl walked into the bathroom. Wallflower blushed at being seen in such a desperate state, but the girl did not seem to notice.

Eventually, the toilet flushed, and the occupant of the stall came out. Feeling relieved already, Wallflower walked toward the stall, but the other girl got in first.

"Um... that was mine," said Wallflower.

This happened a few more times before the bell rang. Feeling distressed that the relief she desperately needed had been denied, she ran to her third class, which was mathematics.

She fidgeted harder through this course. She really needed to go. Once again she raised her hand, but the math teacher ignored her.

She was barely able to focus on the work sheets, and her need to pee increased with each minute. Wallflower fidgeted harder, feeling the pee sloshing inside her.

When there were only fifteen minutes left in the class, her bladder finally gave out. Wallflower blushed beet red as she started to pee in her jeans, feeling the warm wetness on her crotch and butt.

In the silence of the classroom, she could hear too easily the loud hissing sound of her stream soaking her jeans, and the sound of her pee dripping off her seat and forming a puddle under her desk. She could smell the strong scent of her urine, which was very yellow due to drinking coffee and not taking her morning pee. She could see the dark spot on her jeans expanding and glistening, and her puddle growing larger, and nearly shivered at the thought of what her white panties must look like now.

After what felt like an hour, but was really over a minute, she finished peeing, and looked around, feeling very embarrassed.

None of the students noticed that she had wet herself, nor did the teacher.

Now she felt enraged. However embarrassed she would have felt, it was almost preferable to no one noticing her.

"Teacher," said Wallflower, raising her hand. "I wet my pants. I should go change." She blushed lightly at the reaction that was sure to come.

The teacher didn't even look up from her desk.

Wallflower sighed and felt how wet her jeans were.

She ate lunch at the cafeteria alone in her wet jeans, and then went to gym class. She did not have an extra outfit, but no one noticed her wet pants. Or hit the ball to her when they were playing volleyball.

She sat in her wet pants through English class. Halfway through she needed to pee again. She knew the teacher would likely ignore her, and her pants were already wet, so she just peed where she sat. As expected, no one noticed. She might have enjoyed the warm release a little if she wasn't so angry that she seemed invisible to everyone.

As she walked out the school doors after the bell rang, she was instantly soaked through by a torrential downpour.

Wallflower was used to the rain. She'd often go for long walks in it out of sadness of being unnoticed and forgotten. It felt especially nice now because it at least washed the pee off her. Well, mostly. She'd still need a shower before she was completely clean. Not that it mattered how clean she was.

Rainbow Dash ran by her, accidentally causing her to lose her balance and fall butt-first in the mud.

*002*2018-03-22 07:52

Thanks.

