Last Minute Halloween Costume - Lesson Learned!

Author: twj731

*000*2019-06-14 00:53

Sorry, this story turned out WAY longer than I intended. It’s the first one I’ve ever posted... let me know what you think!

Two hours ago, 21 year old Matt tucked his dick back into his black boxer briefs feeling relieved. He was standing in the bathroom of his college apartment and had just finished taking a piss. He wanted to make sure he had emptied his bladder before zipping up into his Halloween costume- a green one of those spandex body suits. He and his three other roommates had decided the night before to each buy one in a different color for last minute costumes. They’d each cut small holes for their mouths, knowing the costume would be pointless if they couldn’t drink at the party while wearing them. Matt slipped his legs into his bodysuit, and got the zipper on the back up as high as he could before walking out of the bathroom to ask one of his roommates to finish zipping him up all the way.

Over the last 2 hours, Matt, his roommates and a few friends had been pregaming at their apartment for a Halloween house party they’d be going to. Matt had drank 4 cans of beer and taken a few shots. As he was drinking his fifth beer, someone announced the Uber would be there in 2 minutes to take them to the party. At this moment, Matt felt a slight twinge of his bladder from the drinks he’d had, but figured it wasn’t worth all the hassle of having someone unzip him out of his bodysuit, especially since the Uber was so close. He downed his fifth beer and headed out to get in the Uber with this roommates & 2 other friends they were riding with.

Once the Uber let them out, Matt felt another twinge from his bladder that he again ignored as they walked into a packed house party full of friends and strangers alike- all wearing costume much more exciting than his and his roommates.

Matt and his roommates went immediately for the keg, and over the next 30 minutes Matt had drank a beer and a half before his bladder sent him another, more urgent signal. Despite the fact he was starting to feel drunk, he took this signal a little more seriously, but still did not feel like “breaking the seal” so early at the party. He gave his crotch a quick squeeze that he tried to disguise as a readjustment and kept drinking.

After his 8th beer, Matt could no longer ignore his extremely full bladder. The pressure had grown more and more intense, and he knew that he’d need to find a bathroom very soon or there’d be trouble. After giving his dick a noticeably longer and tighter squeeze than before, Matt walked, bent forward ever so slightly, over to his roommates who’d been in the other corner of the room. Matt wondered if any of them were equally as desperate to pee as he was, as he hadn’t seen any of them stray from the room to empty their bladders.

Just as he was analyzing his roommates for any sign of their own need to pee, a wave from his bursting bladder hit him and his hand flew to his crotch while his torso bent forward suddenly. Matt stood upright again, but kept his hand gripped over his crotch. The now constant touching of his crotch, was making his piss filled dick begin to grow. His bursting bladder was bad enough; the last thing he needed while wearing this tight bodysuit was a boner.

Rather than ask any of his roommates if they needed to pee, Matt casually asked if any of them knew where the bathroom was. Thankfully, one his roommates, Tommy, did and he offered to show him. Upon hearing this, their roommate Greg shouted out, “Oh thank god! I’ve literally got to piss so fucking bad!!” Matt felt better that he wasn’t the only one, but that didn’t help the fact that he literally felt like he was going to piss his bodysuit.

As they started to make their way through the crowd to get to the stairs to head up to the bathroom on the 2nd floor, their friend Jimmy who owned the house, came over and was quite insistent that the three roommates come to the other room to do a keg stand with them. Matt looked nervously at his other roommates, before telling Jimmy that he was sorry but that he had to piss really bad. Before anyone could react, Matt ran off to the stairs, semi-hard cock gripped in hand. Before Tommy or Greg had a chance to also share their need for the bathroom, Jimmy called Matt a pussy and dragged them by their body suits to do a keg stand.

As Matt bounded up the steps to look for the bathroom, he kept his hand wrapped tightly around his now fully erect dick while muttering fuck around his breath. When he got to the second floor hallway he was relieved to see the bathroom line consisted of a group of 3 girls, and 2 other guys. Matt joined the line and tried not looking too desperate by letting go of his crotch. When Matt did this, his boner tented out his bodysuit so much that the last guy in line snickered when he saw it.

The group of girls entered the bathroom, and Matt crossed his legs tightly and bent over. Both of the other guys in line took notice, but tried not to stare. Matt’s bladder had never been so full and he was starting to worry he wouldn’t make it. Just then, he felt another intense wave hit him, and he felt a jet of warm piss soak into his boxer briefs. He was back to holding his cock again, and was now rocking on his feet while he stood bent over and legs crossed. The girls finally exited the bathroom together, and as the next guy in line entered Matt felt another spurt of pee escape him. There was now a visible wet spot on his bodysuit.

Upon seeing this, the guy in front of Matt told him he could go before him. 30 seconds later when Matt closed the bathroom door behind him, he realized he’d made a mistake of separating from his friends. He had no way to unzip his bodysuit to take his cock out!

He starting groping at his back to try and get hold of the zipper, but all this movement was just causing him to send more and more spurts of piss into his increasingly wet boxer briefs.

Just as Matt was about to give up and fully wet himself, he heard a frantic pounding at the door followed by 2 people shouting his name. He opened the door to see Tommy and Greg looking distressed and panicked. They’d raced back upstairs after being forced into a keg stand, having only added to their full bladders.

For a brief instant, Matt was relieved to see he wasn’t the only one sporting a noticeable tent in his bodysuit. It was also then that Matt saw Greg had a basketball sized wet spot on his bodysuit white body suit. His blue briefs underneath were clearly visible. He was jumping from foot to foot and begging Matt or Tommy to unzip as he’d already started wetting while coming up the stairs. They both helped Tommy unzip as piss continued to gush into his body suit, and once free he whipped out his cock and continued in the toilet. Matt, who’s tented cock had also continued to leak into his briefs and bodysuit, then turned around for Tommy to unzip him. Tommy did so and Matt races to the toilet to finally get relief at last.

As Matt and Greg stood emptying their bladders, Tommy stood nervously shifting foot to foot, while his piss filled boner twitched from the pressure. A loud knock came from the door, but Tommy sternly explained to the other 2 that no one else was getting in here until one of them unzipped him because he was about to piss himself. Greg finished peeing and went to unzip Tommy as the loud knocking pounded the door again. Greg finished unzipping Tommy’s suit, and Tommy managed to pull off and lower it just as a significant leak sprayed into his briefs.

The three of them had finished taking their pisses and tried quickly to dry themselves up while more knocking came at the door. The accepted their fate of walking around the rest of the night with small piss stains. When they opened the door, they were shocked!

It was their fourth roommate, Brandon, who hadn’t expressed a need to pee earlier despite looking nervous when the rest of them did. He stood there still stuck in his body suit which was already soaked down both legs, while a steady stream of piss continued to escape his bulging crotch.

The four roommates decided the next day that whatever costumes they chose for next Halloween had to have a fly!

$$

