Former Bully embarrassment

Author: theblackman24

*000*2018-01-07 15:08

@@When I was young I use to bully my little cousin and his friend by punching them and pushing them around. I was so bad that in elementary school I made my cousins friend pee all over himself because I pushed him when he was peeing. He started crying I thought it was funny. His mom was so upset about me bullying my little cousin and him. One day my cousins friends mom and my cousins mom took us to castle park in Ontario. my cousins which is my aunt started passing out juices, I pushed my cousin hard he hell and his knee started bleeding. then I pushed his friend. my aunt and her friend said juice time, so me my cousin and his friend got juices from my aunt. When my aunt was about to give me my cup of juice, she dropped a hand full of pills. My aunti said they where diuretics and they would make my bones strong, she put them in my juice and I drunk them. An hour later my bladder was very full and we where waiting in line for a roller coaster. I asked my aunti if I can use the bathroom and she said bullies can hold their pee. When we got off the roller-coaster, I was crying and I asked my aunt if I can use the bathroom and she said I dont talk to bullies. I kept saying im sorry, but she said I dont forgive you. The diuretics filed my bladder up so much that pee started slipping out. I couldnt control my pee and I wet my gray sweat pants their was a huge pee stain infront of my pants. people where laughing and making fun of me My aunti said how does it feel to be bullied its humiliating, then she said im not done with you. We get into her car and go to ontatio mills, the diuretics fulled my bladder up again. The pee stain dried up, but im grabbing myself. we got to the crouded area of the mall and The diuretics where to much for me and I started peeing in my pants, and my aunti started yelling look a my nefew who is a bully pee his pants. I was so embarrased I stared crying. The croud started laughing at me as I wet myself again. well now least i dont bully anymore, i dont want karma

