An Un-Named How to Train Your Dragon Fanfiction (Because I`m Bad With Titles)

Author: TinyTurnip

*000*2019-01-07 03:33

Hi, I'm new here but I figured I would share a small bit of writing I came up with. The third movie is coming out in a couple months in my country and I can't wait to see it since I love the series. This is set during the time period of the TV Show Race to the Edge, but it should be easy to follow even if you haven't seen it. Please leave criticism if you would, I'm always looking to improve where I can!

There was a chill in the air – as one would expect from the usual winter climate of Berk – but one even more frosty than usual. On the ground, the usual fur outfits of the small Viking tribe were enough to ward off the cold, but the wind struck more fiercely when blazing through the air on the back of a dragon. Toothless was as swift as ever – quick enough to create his signature terrifying sound as he swooped downwards – and certainly swift enough to freeze his Viking friend half to death.

“Woah bud, slow it down a bit! You’re giving me frostbite flying fast in this weather.” Toothless groaned a bit, turning his head to glance sarcastically at Hiccup. Even despite his protests, the dragon fanned out his wings, slowing down to accommodate his rider’s request. The pair was already near enough to Berk to see the island; just barely near enough to make out a few moving figures below and a few clouds of smoke from chimneys heating the village homes.

“Alright, set us down at the forge Toothless. I won’t be long, I promise.” Hiccup said, reassuring Toothless that he had no plans to waste time. Neither of the two wanted to be away from Dragon’s Edge for longer than needed (especially with the large list of increasingly urgent tasks needed to prepare for the oncoming winter). As soon as they landed, Hiccup felt a small jolt to his bladder from the impact – just enough to make him aware of his need. Mostly ignoring his body’s notice, Hiccup jumped off of his scaly friends back and made good pace towards the old Berk forge.

“Ay, welcome home Hiccup. What brings ya back? Ya aren’t here to ask me on some crazy mission again I hope.” Gobber called out to Hiccup almost as soon as the boy closed the forge door, waving his hook around to accentuate his words.

“No, Gobber. I’m just here for some plans I left here.” Hiccup responded while rubbing his arms a bit to ward off the cold from outside.

“Oh, well if you need a bit of help with, uh, whatever it be that you’ve set your mind too-“ Gobber’s offer was cut short by Hiccups swift dismissal:

@@“No, no. I’m uh- I’m all good, thanks.” Hiccup tried to slip by. After all, he told Toothless he would make this quick! Fortunately for the boy, Gobber didn’t press the issue any further, likely because he had his focus on the grindstone where he was sharpening a weapon of some sort. Hiccup – for all the eccentric ideas that he could come up with – was surprisingly organized in his note keeping. It took him only a few seconds to grab the plans he needed, double check to make sure, and toss them into his bag to carry back to the Edge. As he made his way back out of the forge, his bladder reminded him that it was growing full. Again, though, Hiccup ignored it in favor of moving quickly. As he returned to his dragon friend, however, Hiccup started to regret his decision. He was a bit hesitant to mount up before running to a bathroom somewhere nearby, but Toothless seemed so eager to get back that Hiccup was convinced to hold out for reaching the Edge. The flight from Berk to Dragon’s Edge wasn’t exactly short; it would take at least two hours, even for a mount as swift as Toothless.

Somehow, Hiccup didn’t seem as concerned with the chilling wind brought on by Toothless’ fast pace this time around. In fact, Hiccup found himself pressing his feet into the dragon’s side – a slight encouragement to speed up a bit. Toothless glanced back at Hiccup questioningly (after all, he had just scolded the dragon for his haste earlier) and Hiccup stammered a bit in an effort to explain.

“U-uh, yeah just, pick up the pace a bit, bud? We need to uh- well we need to… get back to Dragon’s Edge before nightfall.” Despite his hardest effort to seem reasonable, Hiccup was never a good liar – let alone with the distraction of an aching bladder. Even if his tone hadn’t given away the lie, Toothless was competent enough to know that they would beat the sunset by a comfortable margin even at his slowest possible pace. Despite his doubts, however, the dragon just put his head down and flew on while narrowing his wings a bit to pick up speed. Hiccup, meanwhile, found himself glancing around the empty ocean below them for a place to land. He had realized about ten minutes before that the chances of his bladder holding out until the duo reached the edge weren’t good.

Well, maybe I’m counting the time wrong. It does kinda feel like we’ve been up here for more than just an hour. The sun hasn’t moved much, sure, but then again I didn’t really check before we left. Oh, gods, I hope we’re almost there. No, I can hold it. I know I can, just need to hold on until we find an island somewh-

@@Hiccup’s thoughts were interrupted by a strong, sudden urge that forced him to focus entirely on controlling his bladder. It took him moving his hands to squeeze himself, but the flood was kept at bay, at least for now. The boy didn’t realize it, but in his effort to contain his bursting bladder, he had let out a small whimper, causing Toothless to glance back in concern. Hiccup, blushing a bit, moved one of his hands to pat Toothless on his head in a reassuring gesture. He elected to keep his other hand held against his crotch in case of any more close calls. A quarter hour later, Hiccup was surprised that they still had yet to find any place to land. Even worse, the Viking was becoming more and more certain that he couldn’t hold it much longer. The earlier pressure – the one that Hiccup was scared he might not be able to hold back – was almost constant now. The first leak came suddenly, dampening Hiccups undergarments slightly and requiring both of his hands to stop. Hiccup couldn’t stay still anymore, he shifted around so much that Toothless had to push him back to a safe position on his back to stop him falling off. Another leak came out uncontrollably. This time, the wet spot on Hiccup’s dark brown pants became slightly visible. It wasn’t that slight dampness that concerned the boy, it was the fact that he could completely lose his control at any possible second. Hiccup was whimpering more consistently now and squeezing as tight as he could with his hands. He wished, longingly, that he could cross his legs to help hold back some of the urge. Of course, his position made that slightly challenging. Another leak came, this time a much larger spurt that lasted at least two seconds. Hiccup gasped a bit, fighting to keep from totally wetting himself. Toothless looked back again, this time seriously concerned about Hiccup’s safety. Hiccup, in-between occasional leaks, confessed his predicament.

“Bud, uh, listen. I –“ Another spurt forced Hiccup to focus entirely on his bladder for a bit.

@@“I-I’m okay, I promise. I just really need to –“ Again, Hiccup’s bladder leaked into his now noticeably wet pants. He tried to speak more, but he was spurting almost constantly now and could feel the liquid pushing against the head of his penis. As hard as he tried – and he gave absolutely all the effort that he could – the boy’s poor bladder just couldn’t last any longer. Three more leaks came in rapid succession as Hiccup bent over and pressed hard against his crotch; and then, an audible hissing gave away that he was totally wetting himself. For the next minute, the liquid poured out of him, soaking his lower clothes and falling on and over Toothless’ back. Hiccup tried to choke out an apology, but couldn’t find words in his embarrassment. So the two continued flying, sharing an almost perfect silence only broken by the continued noise of Hiccup’s bladder emptying itself against his wishes. It was only towards the end of his humiliating accident, cruelly, that he spotted a small, grassy island among the ocean waters.

@@“B-bud, set us down there. “ Hiccup said, his cheeks red with shame. “I’m… sorry about uh, getting you wet.” Toothless obeyed, landing swiftly onto a flat section of the land. Hiccup dismounted, avoiding glancing in his dragon friend’s direction. The boy walked a short way towards a nearby river and began the process of cleaning his clothes and his own body that were both dirtied by his accident. The same chill from Berk was present here, but it seemed that shame did something to prevent him feeling the cold for the short time he was in the water. After finishing his cleanup job, however, Hiccup redressed and began to feel a slight shiver across his lower half. The wet clothes weren’t too pleasant in the chilling wind. Even so, he thought, at least he wouldn’t smell like urine the rest of the way back. While treading slowly back to their landing spot, Hiccup heard a brief sound of footsteps from his right side and, before he could react, he found himself nearly tackled by a dark object that wrapped its arms and wings around him.

Toothless held him tight for a second, tight enough that Hiccup strained a bit in effort to breathe. Realizing his strength, the dragon relaxed a bit, giving the boy’s lungs room to expand and his head the ability to tilt up and glance at him. Toothless gave his signature gums-only grin, and Hiccup couldn’t help but laugh a bit and smile back.

“Thanks Toothless, I needed that.” He said, smiling. “Come on, lets fly the rest of the way.” Hiccup jumped onto the dragon’s leather saddle, suddenly remembering that he would need to wash it once they got back. But at the very least, he thought, he had a friend who always cared about him – even in his less than heroic moments.

