Equestria Girls Peeing Contest

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-04-25 07:07

I'm sure everyone here is familiar with the concept of a holding contest. But here I decided to do a different type of peeing contest, though I'm probably not the first to think of it.

Equestria Girls Peeing Contest

Rainbow Dash, Applejack, Indigo Zap, and Lightning Dust stood facing each other, feeling competitive as usual. All four of them had recently used the bathroom at Applejack's farm.

Rainbow Dash was wearing a white T-shirt and her usual black compression shorts, but without her skirt over top. Applejack was wearing a pair of tight, dirty jean shorts. Indigo Zap was wearing skintight dark purple shorts and a matching midriff tank top, and Lightning Dust was wearing a teal version of this.

"So, how is this contest gonna go?" asked Indigo Zap.

"How it always does when it's just me and Applejack," said Rainbow Dash. "We each drink an equal amount of cider, or water if we get tired of that. We drink until at least one of us feels like she can't drink anymore. Then we all stop. Then, we hold it for as long as we can. Every fifteen minutes we drink a glass of water. When one of us can't hold it anymore and starts to pee, whoever it is will signal, and then the rest of us let it all out. Whoever pees the longest wins.

"Sounds like fun!" said Lightning Dust. "I'm totally gonna kick your butts!"

"Dream on!" said Indigo Zap. "I'll drown you in my piss!"

"No need to get aggressive," said Applejack. "This is just for fun."

They each drank 20 mugs of cider before all of them except Rainbow Dash felt they couldn't drink anymore. They stopped, and so did Rainbow.

An hour went by, with the competitive girls drinking more water every fifteen minutes.

Only half an hour in they were starting to feel a need to pee.

An hour in, they were really starting to fidget.

"I bet I can hold it longer than you!" said Indigo Zap.

"You wish!" said Lightning Dust.

"We ain't doin' a holdin' contest," said Applejack.

"But we COULD do that next time!" said Rainbow Dash.

Two hours in, the girls were holding themselves and really fidgeting now. They had not stopped drinking water every fifteen minutes.

After three hours, they were frantically pee dancing and holding themselves with both hands, feeling waves of pee sloshing inside them.

A few hours later, Lightning Dust started to pee.

"I'm peeing!" she said as soon as she could feel the wetness on her shorts, and her bladder releasing itself. She wanted to signal as fast as she could so as to not give her opponents a headstart.

Rainbow Dash, Applejack, and Indigo Zap were feeling like they could burst at any moment. The instant Lightning gave her signal, they let go with a huge sigh of relief. They didn't even have to do much because her words seemed to register with them and tell their bladders to release. (AN: This drew a bit of inspiration from KozmoFox's Alliance Challenge)

The sound of their streams hitting their shorts was easily audible, and was loudest with Applejack, who was wearing jean shorts that were getting wetter by the second, as well as her peeing a little harder than the others.

Rainbow's shorts were the longest, at about halfway to her knees, but they were getting soaked as the pee flowed down her sexy athletic legs, and she sighed the loudest, enjoying the immense relief.

Indigo's skintight shorts became drenched within seconds, so that the only dry spots were at the sides, and she was absolutely loving the warm release.

Lightning Dust started to relax and pee a little harder at the sight of the other three girls doing the same. But she didn't want to pee too hard, or else she might get empty faster than them. Especially since the others had about a second on her, but they'd be sure to take that into account. She just peed herself at a steady pace, enjoying the relief and the feeling of the warm pee rushing down her legs.

Two minutes went by.

"Wow, we're still peeing!" said Indigo.

"After drinkin' so much and holdin' it so long, we usually don't stop for another minute," said Applejack.

After two minutes and thirty seconds, Applejack stopped peeing.

"Dagnammit!" she said.

Ten seconds later, Indigo stopped peeing. She sat down looking annoyed. She hadn't even placed second, let alone first. She realized she must have peed a little too hard too, to grow empty faster.

Rainbow Dash and Lightning Dust were still peeing, but they felt their bladders were starting to grow empty, and tried to slow down as much as they could without stopping completely.

18 seconds later, Lightning Dust's stream ended. She saw Rainbow Dash was still peeing, and, after the extra second, sat down, disappointed that she lost but still enjoying the sense of relief all the same.

"Yes!" said Rainbow Dash. She continued to pee for another six seconds past Lightning Dust, making her time 3 minutes and 4 seconds. Rainbow hit the stop button on her watch, having set it to start counting right when she started peeing. "Three minutes four seconds! That's a record for me!"

"Good game," said Applejack, shaking Rainbow Dash's hand. "Ah should probably pee a little softer next time."

Indigo Zap and Lightning Dust reluctantly stood up and shook Rainbow Dash's hand.

"Don't feel bad," said Rainbow. "It's just a game. And you'll have your chance to make a comeback next time!"

Their shorts and legs were soaking wet and smelled of pee, and there wasn't a dry spot left on any of their panties underneath. Applejack filled a big wooden tub with soapy water. The four pee-soaked girls climbed into it, still wearing their wet shorts, and submerged their lower halves. Then they stood up and, standing in square formation, scrubbed each others' butts, shorts, and legs, though not too hard on their crotches. Applejack washed Rainbow Dash, who washed Lightning Dust, who washed Indigo Zap, who washed Applejack.

Soon they were clean and the pee smell was washed away. They sat down in the tub to rinse off their lower halves, during which Rainbow Dash farted in the tub and chuckled in amusement. Once they stepped out of the tub sparkly clean and soaking wet, Indigo and Lightning left while Rainbow and Applejack hung out for the rest of the day.

