Kate Reaches Her Limit

By theman08

*012*2025-05-31 15:44

Hi everyone, sorry for the long delay. This is the longest chapter I believe, and hopefully you enjoy. There will be one more chapter after this, and then an epilogue.

Kate rounded the corner unsure of herself. She knew she should be able to do it, but she was worried about the pressure and the circumstances. Not being able to hold out would be a disaster, and she’d surely face jokes and humiliation. As she looked up, she saw Lynsey with four waters, just as promised. “Ready? Time when both are finished,” she said smiling and handing her the first. “Cheers!” She winked. Kate unscrewed the lid, Lynsey doing the same. Thinking for a moment, she decided the best course of action was to drink both as quickly as possible. Her logic, whether correct or incorrect, was that getting the timer started as soon as possible would give the water less time to travel to her bladder, rather than slowly sipping and starting the process without time running. In two big sips, the first bottle was gone. As she set it down, she looked up to see Lynsey right behind her, polishing off the last few drops.

“Need to pee yet?” She said with a smirk. “Ha…ha…” Kate replied sarcastically, already working on the second bottle. Already feeling a touch bloated, she took a little longer to finish the second, but soon was left with nothing but another empty bottle. As she set it down, she heard an “ahh” from across the table and looked up to see Lynsey finishing off her bottle as well. Kate then turned her phone to face her showing two hours on the clock. With an over exaggerated motion of her thumb, she pressed the start button, the clock now showing 1:59:59. Kate took a deep breath, still unsure of what to make of the situation. “Soooo… what now?” She asked cautiously. Lynsey looked up at her with a mischievous smile. 

“Well the timer just started. You have to make it to 2:47 until you can win, right? So now we simply act normal— you can do that right? Or does holding take all of your energy and focus?” Again, the constant putdowns bothered Kate. “I’m fine… but what happens if you don’t make it two hours?” She asked, hoping to get under the skin of Lynsey the same way she did to her. With an eye roll and a hand wave, Lynsey dismissed her. With a sarcastic tone, she responded, “You have my word I will not use the bathroom for two hours. I’ll even pee my pants like you if I have to. But I really need your help on this assignment, so I plan on waiting for a while even after,” adding an exaggerated wink for good measure. ‘Like you…’ again, Kate thought… she just wanted to prove her wrong. “Whatever…” she trailed off, opening her book to where she’d left off.

Thirty minutes later, her chapter was complete. Her mind off the challenge, Kate closed her book with the intent of swapping it out for her laptop. As she bent down to grab it, the awkward angle created the first sensation of something she’d desperately hoped not to feel— just a slight pang in her bladder. Were she in any other situation, she’d brush it off. However, this wasn’t a normal situation. Checking her phone, she saw the minute change to 1:20, meaning she had just under 90 minutes left. “Already panicking Kate? You’re going to end up doing this whole assignment for me, aren’t you?” Spoke Lynsey. 

Embarrassed slightly, Kate shook her head and opened her laptop. Still, she couldn’t quite shake the feeling of her bladder. By no means was she desperate, but she knew it was there, and that was more than enough to cause a little uneasiness in her mind. She began working on another case, hoping the distraction would be enough to keep her mind off her body. Still, she couldn’t shake the feeling of knowing what was going on. All that water was traveling down her body, straight into her bladder. Of course, not all at once, but every second meant her bladder was more full than the last. She realized she had to get her mind off it— focusing on the task at hand was only going to make things harder. With a deep breath, she opened the tab she needed and began reading.

For Kate, it was one of those things where trying so hard to *not* to focus on her bladder, that she ended up doing exactly that. Nearly every paragraph left her checking the thoughts of her mind internally, which always brought back up the two bottles and their contents. She realized she’d have to figure something out soon— a new activity or new mindset. She’d worked hard all day— she was more than caught up. Perhaps something more fun would be helpful, she thought. Hoping her new plan would be the difference, she closed her tab and decided on something else. She’d be getting a new apartment soon, and with that, all new furniture.

For about fifteen minutes, her plan worked. She searched through a variety of different pieces, ultimately finding a couch and stand she thought would look great together. She set them to her cart and gave a sigh of relief, relaxing her body, she felt the sensation in her bladder come back. This time, it was even stronger. Kate thought about all the pieces she clicked through: White leather, black fabric, a stand with a dark finish, one painted with a red shade, etc. Surely by now she had to be in the home stretch. Thirty minutes tops— she could do that. She definitely had to pee, but not an emergency or anything.

1:51 PM. 56 minutes left.

Shit.

For the first time, doubt crept in for Kate. Not only was her bladder a bit uncomfortable, it also wouldn’t be getting any better anytime soon after all the water she’d had. ‘You can do this. You’ve held more for longer. Just take a deep breath and you’ll be fine.’ Kate did exactly that, inhaling for multiple seconds before closing her eyes and letting it out.

“Struggling?” Lynsey spoke up. Kate jumped just slightly, startled by her voice. ‘Was I that obvious?’ She thought. “Oh you know… I could use the bathroom right now if I wanted to, but I’m fine,” she said, unsure about the last part. “Well we still have…” Lynsey opened the timer on her phone, “54 minutes… gonna make it?” Kate paused for a second, unsure how to respond. “I’ll be fine, you?” Lynsey laughed, “I could drink two more and be fine. Barely even feel it.” That wasn’t what Kate wanted to hear. She became less and less sure the more she thought about it. “God Kate, there’s nothing better than when you’ve been gone all day, or had a night at the bar, and you just get to go home and let it out, is there? Just feeling your bladder letting go, *all* of that pressure just leaving your body. You know what I mean, right?” Kate knew what she was doing. She knew her tactics, yet she couldn’t do anything other than muster a simple “yea…” It was going to be a long 54 minutes.

“Lynsey, what the hell are you doing?!” A innocent, but sly grin crept across Lynsey’s face. “I’m stressed, what do you mean? This helps me calm down and relax. Since you won’t help me with this assignment yet I need to do my best,” she replied, still grinning. “Can’t you turn it off? Or use headphones?” Kate pleaded, already knowing the answer. “I’m sorry, I forgot them. And doesn’t it help you too? I always use ‘Gentle creek ASMR 5 hours’ to help me study.” Kate found herself increasingly frustrated, not helped by the fact she was absolutely bursting. “Okay… if you want to come turn it off, you can.” 

Annoyed, Kate opened her mouth to protest, but decided against it. As she stood up, she felt the pressure in her bladder almost double. Drawing a sharp breath inwards, Kate attempted to regain her composure. “What’s wrong? Did you lose it?” Silently shaking her head no, Kate gingerly walked over to Lynsey’s laptop. As she bent over to her mouse pad, she felt her waistband digging into her swollen bladder. She navigated the mouse to the top right of the screen and clicked the “X,” hopeful to soon be sitting to take the pressure off.

“HONK!”

The moment she pressed the X, Kate was greeted by the sound of a loud air horn blast. Caught completely off guard, Kate practically leapt a full foot off the floor. The video had clearly been set to autoplay upon closing the stream tab, yet another trick. Lynsey practically doubled over in laughter. “How did that happen?!?!” She asked, feigning innocence between laughs. Kate certainly wasn’t laughing. She knew exactly what the purpose of that was, and unfortunately, it had worked. As she jumped, she felt a shot of urine release straight into her jeans. She immediately jammed both hands into her crotch while pretzeling her legs. Holding her breath and tuning out Lynsey’s laughter, she put every ounce of focus into her bladder. She’d not made it before, but an accident now would spell complete social disaster. Regaining composure slightly, Kate used one of her hands to gingerly pull the timer up.

Her heart sank.

25:35

“Come on, just a little longer, you’re almost there,” Lynsey piped cheerfully and sarcastically. Maybe she could make it just a bit longer. She could prove nothing was wrong with her. Drawing a deep breath in, Kate attempted to stand up straight.

Big mistake.

Immediately she fell the pressure double once again. Although she managed to stay dry, both her hands were once again stuffed between her legs. “You can’t lose it yet, you still have 25 minutes,” Lynsey teased, “just keep going.” Kate knew what she had to do deep down. If she stayed completely still and put all her focus into holding, *maybe* if everything went perfect, she could make it. If everything didn’t go perfect, she’d piss her pants in front of a girl who’d make her life miserable. She again looked at the timer, hoping a miracle had happened.

25:15

“Did you not look just a second ago Kate? What did you think would happen?” Lynsey snorted. Kate’s bladder was screaming for relief. She felt a pressure between her legs like rarely before. Suddenly Lynsey’s jaw dropped, and her tone changed. “Oh my God… you’re going to pee your pants again, aren’t you?”

Kate stood there frozen. She wanted to win the bet so badly, to prove that Lynsey was being nothing more than irrational, but she couldn’t. With her body fully rigid, Kate shook her head, a dejected look on her face. Without saying a word, she turned and began to dash to the bathroom, legs pressed together. “You still have 20 minutes left!” Lynsey said laughing. Kate ignored her. Every ounce of her focus was on getting to the toilet, just a few dozen yards away. As Kate rounded the corner, she stuck a hand in her crotch, praying Lynsey wasn’t following her. Slowly, Kate approached the door to the bathroom. Despite her embarrassment, Kate felt somewhat relieved to be over this whole thing. It was easy to explain needing to pee, not making it to the toilet would be a whole different story. With a sigh, Kate reached out for the door, knowing in thirty seconds she’d be free to pee.

*Thud*

Kate could not believe it. The door was locked. Immediately, a jet of pee shot out of her, soaking her underwear. Frantically, she pulled harder. She tried pushing with all her weight. Nothing moved the door even an inch. It couldn’t be locked, but it was. This was absolutely a nightmare for her. She actually might piss herself, and it would be in front of the very person who would have no sympathy. Kate immediately thought of Lynsey locking it… but no, she’d been with her the whole time, and she didn’t have the proper keys to do so. Kate had no time to figure it out— she had to pee as soon as possible. As far as she knew, she had one hope… the bathroom on the other end of school.

Ordinarily, it would be about a three minute walk across the building. However, it would take nearly double that today, for two reasons. The first: the room where Kate and Lynsey sat would be right along the path. In her compromised state, avoiding Lynsey at all costs seemed smart. The second, and most embarrassing, was that Kate could no longer fully separate her legs. Any loss of pressure would cause a complete loss of control, one she could not afford.

Taking a deep breath, Kate began her half-waddle half-shuffle across the school. She prayed to anything that would listen that she remained unobserved in this compromised state. She prayed to anything that would listen that her next release would be over a toilet. As she struggled to move across the hall, the burning in her bladder only increased in intensity. She felt so stupid for getting here, why had she let herself be goaded into such a possibility. When she’d been desperate in the past, it had been around the right people— were it her boyfriend, or friends like Sydney and Alexis, it wouldn’t be a huge deal. This was something completely different though. Every single person would know, and she’d be made fun of relentlessly. Even when she graduated, Kate was sure the story of the time she couldn’t make the toilet would follow her to the courtroom. That couldn’t happen—she simply had to make it.

The good news: Kate was now about 50 yards away. The bad news: Those 50 yards included stairs. She had no other option. Kate approached the railing, using her right hand for support while her left hand remained pressed between her legs. She gingerly lifted her right foot, before gradually letting her left foot follow. Each step required both feet, with Kate not daring to make such a large move of taking a full step. As Kate approached the halfway mark, she felt a sudden urge in pressure. Immediately she jammed both hands to her crotch, pushing back with every inch of her might. She didn’t dare breathe, instead just hoping the urge would eventually subside. It took seconds upon seconds, but eventually it did. Kate obviously never considered wetting herself an option, but those other times she knew it would be “okay.” This time, she simply had no choice but to hold, and that was the only thing keeping her dry.

Kate eventually reached the top of the stairs. Her potential salvation sat just a little ways away. She could see the door that would leave this all as nothing more than a memory. Of course, there was something pertaining to this door that deep down Kate had thought about— if the other was locked, why wouldn’t this be? Kate approached, begging, pleading, hoping, it would be unlocked. Still, she got in the mindset it wouldn’t be, unable to afford losing any more of her pee due to shock.

Kate pulled. Nothing. Kate pushed. Nothing. It felt like a stab to the abdomen. There was simply no way she could last more than a minute or two. She needed to find some place to pee. As Kate looked up in despair, she was reminded why that would be difficult: cameras monitored nearly every inch of the building. She had no idea whether they were monitored or not, but the possibility of being seen naked and peeing by the faculty wasn’t something she wanted to face. Frantically, she tried to think of anything she could do. She knew of a tiny kitchen up on the second floor, featuring a sink, fridge, and a few other items.

“Maybe the sink?” She thought to herself. With a few strained steps, Kate made it down the hall. Upon entering the room, she saw immediately that the sink wouldn’t be an option. A camera faced right at it. The thought crossed her mind that if anyone *was* watching these, she’d have put on quite a show. Still, flashing it would cross a line she had really hoped not to. As she stood evaluating her options, she suddenly felt another leak. Kate gasped inwards strongly. This time felt different. She had less than a minute before her bladder would empty, and unlike her, it didn’t care where.

Frantically scanning the room and thinking of her surroundings, Kate spotted a small trash can in the corner. It wasn’t currently an option… but maybe if she dragged it just below the camera, nothing would be seen? With painful steps, she inched over to grab it, bending down no more than absolutely necessary. With the bin in hand, she slowly approached to her designated spot. From her estimation, it could see from her chest up. Certainly not perfect, but better than anything she could think of in her current state. She couldn’t believe this is what she currently faced, but she felt she had no other option. Pressing her legs together as tightly as she could, she gently removed the hand between her legs. Being careful to not move to suddenly, she slowly undid her button, and soon her zipper. Gingerly moving to her waistband, she lowered her pants just below her butt, praying no one would find her.

Taking a deep breath, Kate lowered her pants a bit more, preparing to do something she’d never before considered. Just as Kate began to relax her bladder, she heard the worst sound possible: footsteps. Panicking, Kate clenched her muscles, and yanked her pants back up. The timing couldn’t have been worse, as relaxing just a moment earlier had caused her to lose another little bit of control. By now, Kate was sure she had a visible wet spot on her jeans, but she was too scared to look. With a painful look on her face, Kate tried to see what (likely Lynsey) was doing here, and how she could get her to leave. Slowly approaching the door, she gently craned her neck out the gap.

What she saw gave her a chance at hope. It wasn’t Lynsey, rather the janitor. Surely it must have been him who locked the bathrooms, which meant he could unlock them.

“H-hey!” Kate yelled with a wave. She couldn’t even fully extend her arm, instead standing hunched over, trying to remain in some semblance of control for just another minute. The janitor turned around with a bit of surprise. “Hey… what are you doing here? Don’t you know school is closed?”

Now it made sense to Kate why no one was around. She should have been able to figure that out— it also explained the bathrooms being closed. “I’m sorry sir, we didn’t know, my friends and I were just studying together and taking advantage of the quiet areas.” The janitor nodded, “Well I suppose it’s not a huge deal-“

“Sir can you please unlock the restroom? I’m about to have an accident,” Kate blurted out. Both her cheeks and the janitor’s turned bright red as she said this. He seemed a bit taken aback, now noticing Kate’s hand and its position. “Oh… um sure absolutely, I’m sorry I didn’t know you were here. I was just about to head home. Just let me find it…” he said reaching for the ring of dozens of keys on his belt. It felt like every key he went through moved as slowly as possible. With each one that wasn’t correct, a small piece of her was surprised she didn’t lose it.

Finally she heard him speak up: “here’s the men’s” just under his breath. Kate didn’t care— well she cared, but not enough to wait any longer. “That’s fine… please!” Kate said, pleading as she approached him. “I’m about to lose it, please…” she said softly. With an understanding look, he extended out the ring, the key singled out. Legs pressed together with her left hand between, Kate gently grabbed the ring, unable to speak, but confident her eyes portrayed the intended gratitude. Just a few steps away, Kate approached the door. Just as she began to raise the key up, she felt another spurt. 

There was no question now that her jeans were seriously damaged, and she could feel the wetness down to her thighs. Drawing her last bit of focus, Kate stuck the key inside. Luckily for her, she felt the lock click, and the door give way. Grabbing the keys out, she dashed inside. As the door shut behind her, Kate felt the rush coming. She dashed to the first stall she could see, while attempting to undo her jeans one handed. As she reached down, she felt something unexpected: they were already undone from just a minute ago. Realizing she’d never redone them in her haste a minute ago, Kate felt both embarrassed she likely showed the janitor her underwear, and extremely fortunate not to have that hurdle to deal with.

With pain in every step, she reached the stall. Turning slightly, she slammed the door and locked it one motion. As she did that, Kate felt the urge somehow increase even more. This time, it was too great to have any shot at holding back the flood. Her bladder was going to empty itself no matter how she held herself. Realizing that, Kate gave up holding, instead putting all her focus into getting to the toilet, now just two feet away. Quickly removing her hand, Kate tore down her waistband to just above her knees. As she slid them down, she felt her bladder give out completely. As she looked down, Kate saw her stream, now at full strength, emptying straight into her jeans. With a rapid movement, Kate flung herself backwards, landing her butt on the toilet seat at last.

The pattering against the floor soon turned to splashing, and hissing. The sound completely filled the room, and Kate threw her head back in relief, letting out an embarrassingly loud moan. Her urine shot out of her like a hose, and she practically needed to hold the walls of the stall to stay upright. She wouldn’t quite say she “made it,” but she hoped she’d done enough to avoid complete disaster. As Kate sat, she felt in awe of how much she held. Time continued to pass, and her stream showed no sign of slowing.

Curious, she glanced down to get a look. She saw an almost clear jet pouring out of her, still as thick as any she’d ever seen. Her gaze shifted a little to the floor, where she was reminded of her struggle. The tiles from the door to the toilet were graced with a distinguished trail of pee, a reminder of her mishap. Unfortunately, that also reminded Kate of the uncomfortable reality she faced. Slowly, she bent down to inspect the damage to her lower half. Reaching for the fabric of her butt, she quickly recoiled— it was noticeably wet. “That can’t be good…” she whispered to herself. Slowly removing her jeans and thong, Kate pulled them closer for inspection.

Her once white thong now had a complete yellow tinge to it. Every thread of fabric, sans the ones right by the waistband, were wet. Kate groaned in displeasure, knowing she’d have to deal with that momentarily. Settling the thong aside, Kate felt her heart rate increase, knowing what she had to do next. Tenderly, she slowly pulled apart her jeans, praying that somehow her thong captured everything.

It did not.

Kate was greeted by a soccer ball-sized wet patch right below her crotch. “Shit…” she muttered. She had no clue what to do. No one was close by, and she couldn’t get anyone through the doors anyways. She certainly couldn’t tell Lynsey… this was bad. As Kate wondered what to do, she finally felt her stream taper off. She pushed one last time, forcing out a (much weaker) trail that lasted for a couple more seconds, longer than she anticipated. Her stream now quiet, Kate could hear a different sound— her phone.

She sat back, listening as she seemingly got one message after another. Curious as to what this could be, she fished it out of her pocket and opened up her messages. The same groupchat from earlier was once again filled with messages.

Lynsey: Guys… I think Kate peed her pants again ohmygod

Julia: How?!?

Lynsey: She said she had to go and practically ran out of here. She’s been gone forever now!

Hannah: This girl needs diapers

Morgan: Lynsey are you sure? Maybe you should go check on her.

Lynsey: She’ll be back soon… her keys and everything are here. I can get her diapers too!

*two laughing reactions*

Julia: Try these! *link to adult diapers*

Kate burned up with anger. This whole stupid thing was her fault. She felt another message come through. This time just her, Alexis, and Sydney.

Alexis: Kate

Alexis: Um

Alexis: How does it feel to pee your pants?

Sydney: Is it really bad? Or okay?

Kate found herself annoyed with her friends for seemingly making fun of her too.

Kate: It’s fine. It’s warm and it’s a relief and if no one is around you just clean it up and move on with life and it’s better than hurting from holding.

Kate knew what to do now. She was sick of the jokes and ridicule. With a quick wipe, she finally flushed. One thing she didn’t do was put her wet clothes on. Not yet. Instead, she had a different idea.

“Anyone in here?” She said in a normal voice. Nobody— as expected. Checking her pocket, Kate saw she still had the bathroom key from before. Perfect. Clothes in hand, she unlocked the door and peered her head out. Satisfied she was alone, Kate dashed to the main entrance and locked it. She had the privacy she needed. She felt extremely weird— she hadn’t exactly Winnie the Pooh’ed the boys bathroom before, but here she was. Walking to the hand dryers, she placed her jeans and thong right below before turning it on high. She prayed it wouldn’t smell too much like pee—after all, she’d drank a ton, meaning it should be pretty diluted. 

To her relief, nothing overwhelmed her. It certainly wasn’t fresh linen, but it wasn’t noticeable. She normally was a pretty reserved and sweet person, but this whole ordeal had officially crossed the line in her eyes. She was sick of how she was treated by Lynsey and made fun of by everyone for something that was mostly bad luck. Anyone in her situation would face the same reality. Alone with her thoughts, Kate continued to dry her jeans for a few more minutes. To her pleasant surprise, they looked like nothing happened. “Being hydrated has its perks,” she muttered. Running her hand along the fabric, both her underwear and jeans felt completely dry. The thought of putting them back on wasn’t exactly appealing, but she really had no other option. With a shiver, one leg at a time, Kate redressed herself. As she did, she saw another message on her phone.

Sydney: Okay… we trust you.

Alexis: *1 image*

Kate still wasn’t very happy that they were seemingly piling on too. She decided to ignore it for now look later. She’d been gone for a while, and she was sure Lynsey would only spread more rumors the longer she took. With one last look in the mirror, verifying she didn’t miss anything, Kate was ready to exit.

The first thing she saw upon her return to the hall was a sympathetic janitor. “I didn’t know anyone was here… I’m sorry I caused issues. Are… you okay?” He said timidly. Kate knew the man meant no harm, and was just doing his job. “It isn’t your fault, I should’ve known school was closed. And here’s your key,” she spoke softly, still a bit embarrassed. “Thanks,” he responded, “I was going to lock up and leave, but I can stay if needed. Do you think the bathrooms need to stay unlocked?” “Well…” Kate began to speak instinctively, remembering that Lynsey had also drank a lot too. As she did, the phone in her hand went off again, causing her to glance down.

Lynsey: Serious question do you all ever pee your pants? She has like five times now!

Hannah: No

Hailey: no lol

Lynsey: I think I’m going to get her those diapers

Lynsey: *your purchase of 6 diapers for $10.99 was confirmed*

*three laughing reactions*

Lynsey: I don’t get how it happens. You literally just hold it and tell your body not to pee!

*two emphasis reactions*

Lynsey: I think I could hold it forever. I’d just be an adult and not pee.

Kate felt more embarrassed than ever— but she also felt anger. She wanted so badly to retort and say something back… but that would only do so much. She was always a sweet girl, willing to turn her cheek and be the innocent team player she’d always been. That was the past. It was time for a lesson.

“There is no one else here who would need the bathroom,” Kate smiled, using Lynsey’s words against her. “We are just going to finish up, you can go home.” Kate took a lot of shit, but now she had a plan to get back at the girl who had been an absolute bitch to her all day. Even the nicest, most innocent girls, could only take so much— and today, Kate had officially reached her limit.

*013*2025-06-14 14:22

New chapter is live ICYMI!

*016*2025-07-11 18:07

Question for everyone… I’ve begun working on the next chapter to this. I normally write little pieces at a time, ultimately rolling into one chapter. Would you like more chapters and pieces, or post how I do now? Some pieces would be pretty dull and plot based, but not sure what is better

*021*2025-09-07 14:54

Here is the final chapter! I’m planning a short epilogue at some point as well!

It was time for revenge. This girl had made Kate feel like the biggest loser in school, and she was frankly tired of it. It was time to hold nothing back— Lynsey needed to be knocked down. To do that, Kate would have to be creative, and a bit cunning. She’d just started step one. For her plan to work perfectly, nothing could go wrong, nor reveal it too early. The janitor looked at her, a bit unsure, but seemingly agreeing. Kate sat there, racking her brain for anything that could go wrong. She looked down. Her pants seemed fine, but she couldn’t really see the back. She had to make sure no one else could either.

“Um…” she said, drawing up her courage, and feeling her face burn up. “Can I ask you something embarrassing please?” She said in her meekest voice. This was bad, but it beat the alternative. “Uh… sure,” the janitor replied, also looking embarrassed. Kate took a deep breath, before spreading her legs a bit and turning around. “So… I didn’t quite… um… make it on time. Like… I leaked a pretty good amount. Can you tell? I tried to dry it off as best I could…” she said trailing off, still feeling like she wanted to just turn invisible. He approached closer and looked at her crotch, still clearly a bit embarrassed.

“I uh… can’t see anything. I don’t think anyone could tell. But listen, are you sure you don’t want the bathroom unlocked?” He said, clearly from a place of trying to help. Kate racked her brain. What if this backfired, and this time there truly was no way out? Then what? She shook her head. She had to be able to do this. She wouldn’t drink anything the rest of the day… but she had before. Again, Kate needed to do everything she could to make sure her plan went smoothly. “Do you mind if I just… try? Real quick?” She said, burning up even more. She was literally just in the bathroom, but she wanted to make absolutely certain her bladder was fully empty. He shook his head. Still holding the key, Kate hurried back, not wanting to keep him waiting. In her haste, she didn’t even realize she headed back to the men’s bathroom until seeing the image of urinals upon entry—definitely not how she planned her day going. Kate entered the same stall as before, though less frantically this time, and began to pee. Rather than just relax, Kate actively pushed this time. It started off as a trickle, but soon, to her surprise, was once again a forceful stream. It only lasted a couple seconds, but Kate felt surprised she already had that much stored. Once again, it slowly tapered off, and with a quick wipe, she exited. Just to be sure, she checked her butt in the mirror. Finding it satisfactory, she exited, leaving the only unlocked bathroom, both for her and *anyone else,* behind. “Here you go,” she said giving him the key. “Last thing, the only door unlocked is the one by the main room, the other side from here, is that okay?” While it was the other side from their current spot, it actually was very close to where the girls had been studying all day. Kate nodded. “Thank you for all your help. I really appreciate it.” The man nodded in approval, before heading to lock the bathroom and continued on in the opposite direction.

Kate had completed phase one— don’t die of embarrassment and social suicide. Now it was time for phase two. Heading down, she ventured to the kitchen. It was there that she spotted a large vending machine, full of various drinks. Just the sight of it sent a shiver down her spine. She shook it off. With how embarrassed she was already, she somehow felt a strange sense of freedom. She was already extremely embarrassed, the day couldn’t really get much worse. Pulling a crisp five from her wallet, she fed the machine.

I8. Iced Tea. $2.50. She bought two.

Carrying one in each hand, her trek continued. As she approached the main room, she took a deep breath. Despite what she wanted to do (yell at Lynsey and call her all sorts of things), she knew she needed a different approach. One with an entirely different attitude. One that would require an Oscar-level acting performance.

“You’re back! And you aren’t soaked! I’m shocked!” Lynsey exclaimed, some genuine surprise in her voice.

Kate gave a big smile back, walking towards her. “Barely! Gosh I feel wayyy better!” She said, acting as though her and Lynsey had been best friends for years. Lynsey smoke with a smirk, “You know, I was expecting a call any second asking for a change of clothes… I actually didn’t think you made it,” she said, Kate picking up a bit of genuineness in her voice.

“Honestly I’m surprised I held it. I think any longer and we would’ve needed a mop… and a new pair of jeans!” she forced a laugh out. “Sorry I was gone for so long… my mom called me. I was so out of breath from the whole ordeal she asked what was wrong! I had to tell her I just went for a run!” Kate said, still laughing, acting like she loved talking about this. Lynsey smiled back, clearly a bit surprised at Kate’s new attitude. “Well I guess the girls will be surprised to know you made it… maybe you won’t need diapers after all,” she responded with a smirk. Kate again was angry, but still knew she had to keep her cool. She wanted to act like they were the best of friends to fully put her plan in place. “Hey,” she said as she pulled out the chair to sit down, “the day is still young, who knows!”

Kate took the two teas and set them on the table, one in front of Lynsey. “You three raved about them, I figured I’d have to try it too!” Lynsey raised an eyebrow, clearly skeptical. “You think I’m that easy to trick? You just want me to pee!” She said dismissively. Kate planned for the objection. “I’ll be drinking too! And it’s just one bottle… with how strong you are, we might be here a while, so I figured you would get a bit thirsty. I might be doing this whole assignment…” Kate said, continuing to butter her up. “You’re right…” she said tentatively, “just don’t take a pee break after every question, okay?”

Always just a little jab.

“No promises!” she laughed back. “I’ve never actually had one of these! Cheers,” she said as they both cracked their drink. Lynsey took a big sip, as did Kate. “Ugh… you guys really like these? They’re so sweet!” She said laughing. “I don’t know if I’d drink them usually.” Lynsey rolled her eyes. “You’re crazy. These are literally the best,” she took another large sip. “A deal is a deal though, it’s time to get to work.” She said, pushing her materials in Kate’s direction. She rolled her eyes playfully, “I was hoping you’d forget! And you know, I hope when you say you can hold it forever, you don’t actually mean that! I don’t want to have to pass school again, after all,” she said laughing and opening Lynsey’s laptop.

Kate was fairly sure she was pulling the act off. To Lynsey, she believed, it seemed like Kate somehow didn’t mind being made fun of at her lowest moments. Somehow, she believed she didn’t mind rumors spread about her, or being told she needed diapers. All of this was fair game, and that’s why Kate felt okay about her plan. That plan that, to be fair, wasn’t a guarantee to work. There were ways that Kate came out of this feeling as down as she had earlier— but there was a chance, and who knew how large, that perhaps her adversary would relate just a little more.

One of the biggest things for Kate to decide was how to do on the assignment. She knew nearly every answer from before, meaning she could do as well or as poorly as she hoped. She wanted to fail, but her conscience wouldn’t live with her sabotaging someone’s career. She also knew if she really thought deeply, she could get a perfect score, and that didn’t seem right either. Ultimately, she decided to never get one wrong intentionally, but never go into super deep thought. That would likely score her somewhere above average— not enough to draw attention, but certainly not enough to reasonably say she hurt her grade. 

She also didn’t want to go too fast through the assignment— though the mix of multiple choice and essays would make that hard even if she wanted to. She looked across at Lynsey and saw once again her head buried in her phone. It was apparent that she simply expected Kate to do the assignment, and wasn’t super interested in learning anything she may not know. No matter, but it gave Kate the confidence she could take little breaks and stall the process out a bit. From what she’d heard, Lynsey wasn’t the *best* student, so she certainly wouldn’t be suspicious if Kate didn’t work as efficiently as possible. As these thoughts went through her head, she saw Lynsey take yet another sip. Everything seemed to be working perfectly— so far.

‘I think this has gotta be C…’ Kate thought, moving her mouse. As she clicked, she heard the clatter of an empty plastic bottle, causing her to look up. “Literally the best,” spoke Lynsey, with a refreshing sigh. Kate nodded, hiding her pleasure. “Glad you like them at least. Between the three of you girls, guess I’m just the weird one,” Kate replied. Now was where she knew she had to be coy and play her cards perfectly. She barely even acknowledged the bottle being finished, instead putting her head back down. She’d been taking about five minutes per question, certainly a bit more than she would if going for speed, but still enough to make notable progress. With a bit more careful thought, and some not careful thought, she continued on.

Ten minutes later, two more questions were completed, bringing her total to six in about thirty minutes. Now was her time to really push her luck. Kate stood up, immediately catching Lynsey’s attention. First, Kate grabbed the empty bottle. She then grabbed her nearly entirely full tea, the one she’d only taken a sip of. Kate actually found it to be okay, despite her earlier claim. She’d had them before, and while she didn’t love them as much as the other three, she’d certainly drink it under normal circumstances. This wasn’t that though. “Do you have any other garbage? I’m just gonna go throw both these bottles away quick,” she spoke casually. 

“You really aren’t going to drink that?” Lynsey spoke confused, “it’s like… full, and you just bought it!” Kate loved where this was going. “I know… and it’s so hot in here too! I wish I liked it more, I thought I would,” Lynsey nodded. “I’m like, sweating,” she said, fanning herself for emphasis. Kate gave a super innocent smile. “You take it then,” I’ll be right back. She slid it across the table and quickly (but not too quickly) turned around before there could be any protest, and headed for the trash in the neighboring room. Kate took her time, collecting her thoughts in a brief moment of solitude. She knew that Lynsey had to be filling up, and if she really did drink this second tea, it was only a matter of time. She just had to continue playing everything correctly. After all, this plan was absurd. Lynsey was a 24 year old adult— it’s not like she was incontinent. Still, the same pride and arrogance she’d exuded all day made Kate believe this had a shot at giving her the revenge she so badly wanted.

After a short walk back, Kate retook her seat. She popped back open Lynsey’s laptop, who was still just absent-minded and scrolling on her phone, and got back to work. She tried to act as casual as possible, pretending not to be too invested in anything going on. However, she couldn’t help but notice that nearly a third of the tea she’d left was now gone. Perfect,’ she thought to herself. She’d taken the bait… now she just had to wait. Kate completed two more multiple choice questions, and was faced with her first “practice essay” of the assignment.

She smirked. These were meant to simulate test questions, and as such, you only got a certain amount of time to finish them. Even more importantly, once you started it, you couldn’t stop— they were also pretty hard. Kate scrolled by— she had a plan for them. Instead, she scrolled by, deciding to get to more multiple choice. As she looked through the assignment, she remembered more and more of it. The first essay question was definitely difficult, but the second was even harder. Kate’s plan was coming together as perfectly as possible… she just had to finish it.

“How many have you done?” The room had been nearly silent for almost 45 minutes as Kate had worked. “About 9,” she replied casually. Kate looked up for the first time in a bit. Lynsey still seemed pretty casual, but to Kate’s delight, now had another empty bottle in front of her. That made four, in just over two hours— 48 ounces of tea, 48 ounces of water. Surely *nobody* could hold it for that long.

‘God I forgot how much this sucks,’ Kate thought to herself. Each question often contained nearly two paragraphs of reading, and once through usually wasn’t enough. Even the shorter questions often required a cross-reference to online as a call to what obscure rule or statute was being asked about. Kate rolled her eyes, tired of doing questions for something that wasn’t even her’s. This alone took nearly 15 minutes— by far the longest. She selected ‘C’, and moved on, allowing herself to sit back in her chair for a minute.

Upon breaking focus from the screen, Kate couldn’t help but notice a different scene sitting across from her. Nothing major— yet, but Lynsey now sat with her legs crossed and a hand gently resting on her crotch area. She also seemed hunched slightly forward, an obvious sign to Kate that she was beginning to need to go at least a little bit. Even more damning, the silence in the room was now broken by subtle, yet noticeable, foot taps. One of these signs on their own could be nothing, but all together, only one conclusion could be drawn. Lynsey *definitely* had to pee.

Kate was faced with how to proceed now. Should she mention something and try to make her think more about it? Appeal to her ego and sense of confidence, or just let her silently sit there and struggle against herself? After a moment of thought, she decided to do nothing. Despite all the actions taken to this point, she still felt a little bit uneasy about what she was doing. There was an easy way out for Lynsey— she just simply had to be humble and satisfied with what she had already gotten.

It had now been nearly three hours since Lynsey had last used the bathroom. She prided herself on being able to hold forever… she was the one who would avoid toilets anytime they were gross at the bar, or a porta potty at a concert or game. She was always the one in control. It was like she said earlier: “just hold it.” Just because she could hold it didn’t mean she never needed to go. She was more than familiar with the urge, she was just simply stronger than it. No one was better at finding a distraction than Lynsey, and no one was better at simply telling herself she didn’t need to go than Lynsey. 

Were she at home, she’d have emptied herself long ago. She’d have already felt the relief she slowly craved more and more. Part of her wanted to just go now—end this all and take the win. The fact she hated this class kept her going… she knew a good grade would go a long way towards her final score. Despite feeling fuller than she had in a while, she kept going, trying to find any distraction possible. She didn’t even realize her hand was now permanently pressed between her legs.

It was now three and a half hours since this challenge first started. Kate hadn’t looked at a question in five minutes. She’d been simply staring at the screen of the first long answer. So far, she’d had two available, and they were absolutely integral to her plan. Her plan, that, as far as she could tell, was working perfectly. The subtle signs for Lynsey were becoming a lot less subtle. The foot tapping was firmer, the hand no longer adventured to her crotch, but simply stayed there. Hair was twirled, clocks were checked— she quite simply had to go, and go badly. 

Any minute now, Lynsey would call it, or at least try to. A subtle smirk went across Kate’s lips. She found the first long answer— the easier of the two. “Begin.” The passage wasn’t too long, merely a couple paragraphs. Kate read through it. She had twenty minutes to complete it, and wanted to leave herself 15 minutes to write. Trying to keep her focus, she finished the passage. Briefly stretching, she prepared her hands to write.

“Okay, you can stop,” Lynsey stood up. “I’m going to the bathroom,” she said tightly. Kate looked up at her. Immediately, she was drawn to her midsection. It wasn’t cartoonish, but she had a noticeable bladder bulge, with the thin romper doing nothing to conceal it. She also couldn’t help but notice her legs pressed together, and the slight bounce that accompanied them. As she continued looking up, she was reminded of Lynsey’s outfit, or lack of, choice, as her boobs seemed to bounce up and down along with her. It would have been quite a show if Kate were into that, though for now she settled for the desperation, which crept upon her face, despite doing everything to avoid it.

Still though, Kate knew she needed to push it further. She clearly still had control, and still had options if she tipped her hand too soon. She smiled. “I can’t believe you held so long! I tell you what, I’d go out a lot more if I could do that. I wouldn’t need to use the gross bar bathrooms anymore… right?” she gave a laugh. “Well why don’t you hurry back so you can finish this essay. I only just started, so you can write it,” she said innocently. “And hurry back cause I need to go again already! Can you believe me?” She said with a laugh. Kate didn’t necessarily *have* to go, but she could start to feel herself creep off of ‘empty.’ She had no concerns, she just was simply setting it up for later. As planned, Lynsey’s brow raised. “But aren’t the essays timed? Can’t you just finish it?” Kate shook her head lightly. “I thought the deal was I only had to work until you went… and I’ve already done a ton,” she said innocently. Lynsey gave an angry eye roll. “Finish it. Fine.” She sat back down and immediately assumed the position. Legs crossed, hand in lap, foot tapping. Kate smiled. This girl really, really, had to pee. Kate innocently looked back at the screen. All she could think about was how nice it was being on this side of things— watching someone else desperate and teetering on the edge of control. And someone who so surely deserved it. Kate took a breath, and began typing once more.

Lynsey’s breath shortened. She didn’t feel like she’d lose control, but she was now completely uncomfortable. With every second, at least some of her mental capacity was devoted to stemming the flood. She’d come to realize over the past half hour that she’d done a load of unnecessary drinking. Had she refrained, or even paced herself better, she would be in a much better spot, and likely able to have her assignment fully completed. Still, she felt satisfied knowing over half the assignment would be completed. A simple message to a friend or classmate could likely get her the rest— she was well known for her charm and persuasiveness. She didn’t give much thought as to whether it was intentional sabotage or not by Kate, just that she would need to pay a bit more attention than initially planned.

Lynsey tried everything. She tried just closing her eyes and relaxing. She tried to get lost in social media. She tried texting a friend. She tried shopping. None of it helped. Every second, she had one pervasive thought: “I need to go pee.” It had felt like an hour, but she now only had about a minute to go. She looked up to see Kate typing away. To her credit, Lynsey thought, she’d been a good sport about it all. She seemed to at least be working pretty hard, and she barely even complained about the task, leaving Lynsey much less work to do than she had initially.

“Done,” Kate sighed, clicking the mouse pad and sitting back in her chair. Lynsey immediately began to stand up, though she did so quite gingerly. As she slowly lifted from her chair, Kate noticed she took great care in keeping her legs pressed together, clearly in desperate need of the bathroom. Just as Lynsey began to turn around, Kate spoke up. “Thank GOD you have to go,” Kate said, leaning back in her chair with a very large sigh of relief. Lynsey looked at her, curiosity clearly heightened. “… why?” She raised an eyebrow.

Suddenly, she seemed much more confident— like she’d regained some of her composure. “Well… the first essay was hard… this one SUCKS. There’s so many minor syntactical parts, and I think like everyone in my class failed it,” Kate said, recalling the past. Again, this wasn’t a lie. It was hard, and given what Kate knew about Lynsey, her score would likely suffer. “I remember almost all of it from the trauma it caused,” she continued on innocently. “Oh, and I can pee then too. And you know how much I love doing that,” she added, just for an extra effect.

Lynsey really, really, really had to pee. She started to feel a thin layer of sweat on her forehead. She started to feel a soreness in her sides. Distraction was impossible— holding was an “every second” type of task. She had plenty of times in her life where she needed to pee badly. Never like this. All that being said, she truly, fully, felt she could hold it. She controlled her bladder, not the other way around. She just simply had to fight through. The grade would be worth it. It was twenty minutes. Defiantly, Lynsey pulled the chair back out and sat down. “Sounds like a job for you.”

“What! No fair… you can’t-“ Kate protested. In reality, she had hoped for this. Lynsey’s pride and self confidence was second to none— Kate had picked up on that very quickly. She was truly surprised to see her continue though. She was so clearly on the edge, pushing it another twenty minutes seemed insane. If she somehow got out of here dry, she deserved it. She almost felt a little bad for her, before quickly remembering how self imposed it was. “Lynsey, I—“ Lynsey quickly reached for the computer and clicked start, a scowl on her face. Ordinarily, Kate would’ve been extremely offended. In this particular instance, she was willing to give a little slack. She’d been there. Oh, and she also was there a little… because while certainly not an emergency, she had to pee too.

Five minutes later, Kate had finished reading her passage. She glanced up and saw Lynsey in bad shape, maybe even worse than before. Her whole body was tense, now wound up like a pretzel. Legs remained crossed, now air tight. Her poor lower lip was probably on the verge of bleeding from the constant biting. Her eyes were shut as she remained hunched over, clearly channeling all her focus to her bladder. Her ample boobs seemed to be even more in display now, and any guy would be drooling at the sight of that alone. It certainly was obvious as to how she had the pull with men that she did.

Ten minutes in, Lynsey spoke up, though she did so with a strain in her voice. “Kate… how long?” Even while knowing the answers, Kate still felt herself working at full capacity to finish in time. “Ten minutes,” she said back, more focused on the essay at hand. No response. Just more bouncing.

“…fuckkk…” Kate heard Lynsey whisper under her breath. She immediately shot up. “What’s wrong?” she inquired, wondering if she’d lost it. “It… just hurts. Just— it doesn’t have to be like perfect… just… please finish soon,” she said, clearly reaching the end, and in a vast amount of pain from holding. Kate only had a couple of minutes left, just a few sentences, and normal proofreading. She was honestly impressed Lynsey had held on so long. Despite not drinking anything herself, the residual effects from earlier coupled with the time were bringing Kate to an urge herself. Were she in Lynsey’s shoes, she’d certainly have had an accident already, if not multiple. Hell, she barely made it two hours ago, and that was without the teas. For as much as Lynsey had been difficult, the fact she got this far was certainly impressive. Maybe she truly could “just hold it” after all.

A few minutes later, Kate was done typing. As always, she scrolled to the top, for a quick proofread. There were only 2 minutes left, but it was standard practice for her. Lynsey, entirely focused on Kate, soon noticed the lack of typing. “Done?” she said perking up, and already beginning the process of slowly standing up. “I’m just reading over—“ “I don’t care, submit it.” Lynsey responded shortly. Kate hesitated for a brief moment, and before she could really even register the request, Lynsey snatched the laptop, clicking the button herself, still in her hunched position. Without saying a word, she set it down, and began to move towards the bathroom. Kate followed behind, and couldn’t help but wonder if that’s how she looked earlier. 

Right away, she could tell Lynsey wanted to protest her presence, but decided it wasn’t worth the energy. Kate didn’t know what she’d say to describe her, but “walking” didn’t seem right. Her thighs remained pressed tightly together, and one hand stayed near her midsection at all times. Seemingly every few steps, Lynsey would let out a whimper or groan, and she was clearly at her wits end. Finally, Lynsey reached the door, her salvation lying right on the other side.

THUD. The door, of course, was locked. She frantically tried pushing, pulling, and every combination of the two. “Kate I swear to god this isn’t funny!” she yelled, with a bit of despair, “open the fucking door right now.” With everything else going on, Kate had nearly forgotten about the doors. Of course, it wasn’t *entirely* her fault, but she certainly didn’t help matters. “Is it locked?” she naively responded. “Kate,” Lynsey hissed through her teeth, both hands in crotch, doubled over, “open the fucking door. Now.” 

Kate shook her head. “How would I even lock it? You need the key… plus, you really think *I* of all people would want the bathroom shut off? Someone on staff must not have realized we were all here. You can check all my pockets, backpack, I swear I didn’t lock it,” she defended herself, carefully choosing her words. Nothing she said was untrue, but she did conveniently leave out some details. Lynsey frantically bounced up and down, now jamming both hands between her legs. With one last effort, she pushed and pulled the door, hoping one of these motions would free it. Neither did. Without saying a word, and partially because she was now forcefully biting her lip, Lynsey began walking. “Where are you—“ “Upstairs!” she shouted before Kate could even finish her sentence.

Of course, Kate knew this would be no more helpful than her first choice had been, but she chose to omit that fact. Had Lynsey asked, perhaps she’d have told her, but she instead was far too focused on holding to do anything else that was even slightly unnecessary. What was normally a five minute walk was sure to be a much longer task. Lynsey’s steps were much shorter, strained, and choppier than normal. Just fifty yards later, Lynsey doubled over, shoving both hands between her legs. “Fuck… fuck…” she whimpered. 

Kate could see her leg muscles clearly engaged, calling on every bit of will power and strength in her body to hold it. From this angle, and given how tightly she was grabbing her crotch area, Kate could see the bottom few inches of her ass hanging out. Her outfit was certainly cute, and it would certainly attract the attention of any perspective guy under ordinary circumstances. She wished she had a body like Lynsey, down to the bladder. Of course, she didn’t want her bladder at this very moment, but the fact she was still going was nothing short of incredible.

About three quarters of the way there, Lynsey doubled over once more. This time though, she was clearly looking for something, scanning her head around. After a couple seconds, she seemed to find what she was looking for, and she waddled through the kitchen door and over towards the sink. Without a thought, she began to mess with the strings in the back of her romper, all while keeping her legs knotted like a pretzel. 

“Kate… help me get this…” she groaned. ‘Ironic…’ Kate thought, given her earlier jokes on the same thing. Literally, the exact same thing she’d teased Kate for *maybe* facing, she was now facing herself. As Kate looked up, she saw three cameras in the kitchen, meaning Lynsey would surely be caught if they were being monitored at all. She slowly made her way over to her, not entirely wanting to help. “Hope you chose a good bra today,” she said, making her way over. “Why?” Lynsey hissed. Kate gestured at the cameras all over the room, which all would have her in view, two pretty clearly. Lynsey threw her head back in disgust. 

“Fuck me…” she whispered to herself, “do they look at these?” She paused her movements for a moment, still bouncing. As Kate’s eyes were again drawn to the bouncing of her chest, she couldn’t help but remember what she had seen earlier— Lynsey wasn’t not just wearing a flattering bra, she was wearing no bra at all. ‘No wonder she didn’t like that…’ Kate thought. After a moment of thought, Lynsey’s hands returned between her legs. With a groan and whimper, she began to move once more, trying to make it to the upstairs bathroom. 

Soon, the two reached what was undoubtedly going to be Lynsey’s greatest test yet. The bathroom was now only 20 yards away. Unfortunately for her, 10 of those yards would involve going upstairs. From her own experience, Kate knew how hard this was going to be for her. There had been roughly a dozen times where Kate thought the dam would burst, yet inexplicably, Lynsey held on. Now, she slowly made her way to the railing of the stairs, using it to help pull herself up. Nearly all the muscles in her lower body were focused on clenching her bladder, and thus were little use to her. At this point, it was sheer willpower keeping her dry. She could barely even stand upright, yet she powered on. After another minute or so, she finally reached the bathroom she’d so desperately sought.

Like she did before, Lynsey once again, pushed, pulled, and slammed on the door. Like before, it didn’t move an inch. She turned around, a look of panic in her eyes. “Kate, seriously, open this door, right now,” she pleaded, now seeming to fight back tears. Again, Kate shook her head, “I didn’t lock it. I don’t have keys or any other way to,” which was true, though this time, it was entirely due to her that it was.

Again, Lynsey clearly wanted to protest, but was too preoccupied to really argue with her. Again, she tried desperately to open the door in a last ditch effort. Nothing budged. “Please…” she whimpered, “do something…” Kate genuinely felt a little bad. Though much of this was her own doing, she still knew how it felt. The liquid in her body fighting as hard as possible to make its way out, only to be held in with every ounce of focus she possessed. It was certainly a difficult spot to be. She remembered the trash can from earlier— just across the hall, and supposedly out of sight from all cameras. She wished for her to get the full satisfaction of seeing her adversary soaked, but she just couldn’t do it. With a sigh, she spoke up.

“Follow me… I have an idea…” she started. But Lynsey didn’t. She simply stood there, eyes watering, legs and hands clasped together. “I…. I can’t…” she started. Kate began to open her mouth, but a large gasp cut her off. For the first time in a maybe an hour, Lynsey spread her legs.

There was no leak. No trickle that could perhaps be saved with one last heroic effort. Maybe that’s how it would’ve gone an hour ago, but not now. Instead, after nearly four hours and 96 ounces of tea and water, Lynsey stood there, forcefully and emphatically wetting herself. The light blue fabric around her crotch instantly became a dark, glistening blue. The coloration spread as she continued to go, soon reaching her butt and waistline in some areas. Below her, a light yellow puddle began to form, seemingly doubling in size every second. 

The hissing from her body was only partially audible due to the pattering and splashing created by the tile floor below her. Both Kate and Lynsey felt their jaw drop, truly in disbelief of what was happening. The two locked eyes, yet both continued to watch as Lynsey wet herself with seemingly no end in sight. In the back of her mind, Kate had truly thought it wouldn’t happen— that she’d actually be able to hold as long as she needed. Despite, the accident, there was no denying it was impressive how long she’d managed to hold on. Maybe there actually was some validity to her claims about how she’d have managed after all, as Kate undoubtedly would have broke long before.

Now over 90 seconds in, Lynsey’s stream still continued, both feeling too stunned to move. Below her now was a puddle that now spanned nearly half the hall in width and nearly eight feet in length. It felt as though it was starting to taper off, though she still was going at a respectable clip. Lynsey briefly put her head in her hands, representing her first movement really at all. There was now a tear or two streaming down her face, clearly in disbelief of what had happened. Finally, after a few more seconds, her stream died off. She was done. Kate, still feeling bad about her role in this, spoke up first.

“I’ll— I’ll help you clean up,” she offered softly. Lynsey just nodded. “Stay there while I grab some paper towels,” she offered, turning to the room next door. Luckily for her, in one of the storage cabinets, there was a brand new two pack, and with how much damage there was, it likely would require most of them. Returning, Kate tossed her one roll while keeping the other for herself. Lynsey gave a brief smile, clearly grateful for the assistance. “Kate…” she said softly… “Please—“ Kate cut her off. “Not a word,” she offered, already in agreement. Lynsey gave a nod of thanks, and the two got to work.

With the thickness of the paper towels and the amount of pee on the ground, both girls were forced to place three layers in each spot, and they soon had used almost the entirety of their respective roll. “I’ll get the trash can…” Kate said. The two had kept words largely to a minimum— after all, what do you say to someone who just utterly humiliated themselves? She returned a few seconds later, and Lynsey began the process of throwing her mess away, realizing Kate likely wouldn’t love touching the pee soaked towels. 

It took nearly five whole minutes, but the job was soon done. “Remember to… wipe your legs too… if you can,” Kate spoke softly, certainly feeling awkward once more. Lynsey nodded, tearing off two more pieces that soon found themselves wet and yellow. “What… now?” Lynsey said, still in disbelief seemingly. “I guess I can pull your car up for you? And if you have an old shirt or something to sit on maybe that could help? Plus, we probably need to just throw this whole bag out. Discard the evidence, you know?” Lynsey just nodded. “My keys are in my bag… I can meet you in back? I just… I can’t have anybody see.” She understood, and the two began to walk down the stairs.

It took a few minutes, but the trash was discarded, and Lynsey’s car was out front. Kate had found an old black shirt and taken the liberty of placing it in the seat. Looking around, she gave her the all clear. Lynsey, still in her clearly wet romper, dashed just a few yards from the building to the driver’s seat before rapidly sliding in. “Thanks…” she said, not fully looking up. “I… owe you one… and… I’m sorry. For all the jokes. The teasing… it sucks.” Kate nodded, unsure of what to say. “It’s alright… and good luck,” was all she decided. There was still clearly a sense of awkwardness in the air, but with a nod, Lynsey gently shut the door, waved and drove off. She was thankful she only had one roommate, who happened to be out of town, and could pull straight up to her first floor apartment with hopefully no one else seeing.

A few minutes later, she arrived home. Looking outside, there were a couple people walking around, forcing her to stay in her car just a few minutes. She still couldn’t believe that her day had gone like this. From the person with impenetrable holding skills to utterly humiliated in front of someone she’d felt beneath her in the past, and largely due to her own self pride. As she looked up once more, she saw the coast was clear. Praying that she wouldn’t be caught, she peered outside the door, before giving a final dash inside. Squeezing through the door, she slammed it shut behind her. 

For the first time in hours, she was able to take a deep breath. Sighing, she began to peel her wet clothes off, temporarily leaving them at the door until she could carry them to the wash, not wanting to drip on the carpets. Now naked, with her pee soaked clothes at her feet, she headed to the bathroom. She needed to wash away any memory of her accident as soon as possible. And she also had to pee again.

*022*2025-09-14 23:20

Final chapter (for now) is approved!

