Advance Wars Omo

Author: ThatYellowSuit

*000*2022-09-26 21:04

Hi again people of the interwebs! I have once again noticed a gap when it comes to omorashi content, this time advance wars! I plan on releasing the first part later today or tomorrow so be ready for that. Lash will see you soon in "Lash's looming problem"

*001*2022-09-26 23:19

Lash's Looming Problem

For context this takes place during the 10th mission of Advance Wars 2 being Toybox.

"Mistress Lash, the Blue Moon Cos are approaching and will arrive in approximately five minutes." Stated a Black Hole infantry, tasked with keeping Lash up to date.

"Tee hee hee, let them come! Ready my super speakers!" Lash said in a commanding tone, despite her actual words.

"Right away." Replied the infantry.

Hee hee! Time to have some fun! A new person to play with! And all the time in the world to do it! Lets begin the game!

"The city's coming into view, sir. It's... It's..." Gasped Colin.

"What!? What's happened here?" Said Olaf confused and angry.

The loudspeakers Lash had set up roared to life with a low hum.

"Welcome to my playground! Since you've come so far, would you like to play?" Asked Lash in a joking manner.

"You... You fiend! What have you done?" Olaf stood shocked.

"Hm? Is there something wrong? You don't like my playground?" Asked Lash, A little hurt her playground somehow didn't meet their standards.

"My home! The town square!" Olaf became enraged.

"What are you talking about? I don't see any of that stuff! Oh... Those must be the places that got broken during my field tests. Anyway, I've hidden a goody in one of these properties. Think you can find it? Tee hee hee!" Lash continued with her jovial tone despite Olaf's growing rage.

"Grit... Colin... Stay out of this! This fight is mine!!!" Olaf yelled before running in to prepare for battle.

Lash turned off the loudspeaker.

"What's up with him? Doesn't he realize that sometimes toys get broken?" Lash asked.

"Mistress Lash, you destroyed his hometown and killed all his friends and family." The infantry said in a serious tone.

"Yeah. Toys." Lash replied completely missing the point.

"Should I prepare the battle stations?" Asked the infantry.

"Yes, prepare me my desk and my battle strategy so I can win this game!" Lash said, ready to go.

"Do you want your meal prepared as well?" Asked the infantry.

"Why wouldn't I want my dino nuggies and gallon of apple juice?" Lash asked waiting for an answer.

"No reason Mistress Lash." Sighed the infantry going to set everything up.

I never even if have to leave my seat! I augmented all my internal organs so they are much more efficient! I can go longer without sleep, survive without food and water for weeks and I don't even have to get up to go the bathroom! My augmented bladder is so big it can hold five gallons of liquid without worry.

"This is going to be fun." Lash said to herself.

With everything set up Lash ate her meal and got to work.

"Time to do my favorite strategy! Spamming Recons! They go so fast." Lash said seemingly enjoying herself.

She even had music set up, it was her own Co theme. With everything as enjoyable as this she planned to drag this out for a long time. Capping properties, having her Recons fight tanks and building a single artillery then running it into a group of mechs to see what happens, Lash was having the time of her life.

"Mistress Lash! Mistress Lash!" The infantry came running.

"Yes?" Asked Lash.

"The Blue Moon Cos have found the lab plans!" The infantry shouted.

"And?" Lash asked.

"And what? They stole the plans and could find the Neotanks we've been working on!" The infantry continued.

"I put the plans there. Weren't you listening? It was a part of my game! I said, I've hidden a goody in one of these properties. Think you can find it? Tee hee hee! Did you not hear that?" Lash questioned annoyed.

"O-ok Mistress Lash." The infantry muttered while walking away.

Idiot, he distracted me from the game! Olaf got one of my mechs. You know what?

"Hey infantry!" He turned around. "Get me a five gallon jug of apple juice but, carry it to me with weights on it and one handed." Lash commanded.

"B-but I'll break my arm." The infantry stammered.

"And?" Lash asked.

"Nothing." The infantry replied.

That outta make him respect me and not be an idiot. I was out of it anyway. Maybe I'll even drink it in front of him and make him go back and do it again.

After about an hour the infantry came back barely carrying the jug.

"Thank you." Said Lash sarcastically before drinking the entire thing in one long sip. "Now get me another one."

"Mistress Lash?" The infantry was worried that even though he didn't break his arm this time he would next time.

"Get. Me. Another. One." Lash ordered.

"Okay." Replied the infantry, too scared of her to say anything else.

That put him back in line. Now back to the war games, Tee hee hee!

After half an hour this time, the infantry came back with another jug.

Lash once again replied with, "Thank you." This time not drinking out of it instantly.

Olaf was starting to win the game, possibly driving Lash out of his hometown within the day. To be fair, Lash was distracted.

Maybe forcing him to get all those drinks for me wasn't a great idea. My bladder is expanding to almost its enhanced limits, which is an insane amount. Maybe I should go to the bathroom.

"Mistress Lash! Olaf is taking the HQ! We have to get you out of here now!" The infantry yelled grabbing Lash's hand.

"Wait for a sec-" Lash got cut off.

"There's no time! Get in the back of the truck now! Go go go!" The infantry shoved her into the truck as the chaos of the evacuation unfolded around her.

Mechs grabbing the back of Recons to escape faster, Transport copters loading well beyond their capacity and Md Tanks rolling up to stall Olaf's forces for a relatively casualty free escape. But there was one small issue.

There's no bathroom on this truck and we won't be at the next base for hours. Lash began to hold herself. My bladder may be enhanced but it's not infinite, it still needs to be emptied sooner or later and I'd rather it be a toilet then the back of an armoured truck.

Why did I come up with such a stupid plant to put him back in line! I could have just slapped him or something but instead I drank like six gallons of Apple juice and now that apple juice has nowhere to go!

"Mistress Lash?" The infantry noticed her movements from the drivers seat, "Are you okay? Were you injured in the escape?"

"N-no I'm fine. Just how long until we get to the next base?" Lash asked, her voice cracking.

"A few hours, were heading all the way to the main factory." Replied the infantry.

"T-thanks." Lash chocked out.

I can't make it a few hours! I probably can't even make it one hour! What to do? All I can think about is how much I need to pee! Pee pee no! Pee pee pee stop! Think about something else Lash! You're A genius inventor, you can think of something to get you out of this!

I just need an idea, something, anything! I just need something to work with but there's nothing in the truck. You've built stuff out of nothing before Lash! You are the pride of the Black Hole army! You invented Neotanks, Black Cannons and even Sturm's giant laser! You can handle having to pee.

Just hype yourself up! Y-yeah just do that. You're the best! You can do it! You're more intelligent then every other Co combined! Just hold it in!

But no matter how much she hyped herself up, Lash was fighting a losing battle. As soon as she started leaking she knew she was done.

"N-no please!" Lash begged.

"Mistress Lash?" The infantry asked.

And then the floodgates opened. The amount of pee inside of her was on a biblical scale, you would have expected to see Noah's Ark flowing down the stream. She just couldn't hold the ocean inside of her, no matter how much she wanted to. After minutes on end of non stop peeing, her bladder finally finished and she had to knell in her own massive puddle because of how much weight and energy flowed out of her body after that event.

"O-oh, so that's why you were moving around." The infantry said nervously.

"Never bring this up ever again. If you do, I will kill you." Lash threatened.

"O-okay." The infantry replied.

Lash may have felt defeated, but she also felt relieved. All that pee was a huge weight off her shoulders and she was ready to put in behind her. She got up off the ground and sat back in her seat ready to take on Blue Moon at the factory. This time, with a little less Apple Juice.

*002*2022-10-02 09:27

Advance Wars Omo Hallowee Special!

Hello people of the interwebs! Throughout the Spooktacular month of October I'm doing Halloween specials! Now Downjacket gave me this idea and I really liked it so I'm going to do it. Now in order for this to work we're just going to pretend that at the end of Duel Strike everyone ended up on the same side, (other then Von Bolt and Sturm obviously because they're dead) so that I can tie in the Halloween aspect. This story will follow Lash, Sami, Nell and Kindle a few days before Halloween. Hope you're ready for my Spooktacular Hallowee special!

"And that's the story of how I peed myself." Finished Lash, telling the story you read in Lash's Looming Problem.

"Don't you fell embarrassed about that?" Asked Nell.

"No. It happened years ago and I moved on from it. You just wanted an interesting story because It was a long drive to the coffee place." Replied Lash.

"Hmph. Well you should fell embarrassed, that is extremely undignified. I would have never come if I knew you cretins were so low brow." Kindle scoffed.

"Hey, were not cretins! Were at least creatures, give us some credit!" Joked Sami.

And with perfect timing they arrived at the coffee place. Their one stop before they go to see the haunted house made by Andy, Colin, Adder and Flak.

"Whatcha ordering guys?" Lash asked.

"Hot chocolate." Replied Sami.

"Black coffee." Nell stated.

"Well I suppose you need me to show you class! I will order a medium roasted nut coffee with..." Kindle rambled.

"Man why does she have to be so complicated. I just wanted milk." Lash whispered to the other girls while Kindle continued to order.

"She's gonna make us be late. I hate being late." Whispered Sami.

"What do we do then?" Asked Nell.

"Why don't we prank her? That'll be fun. But what to do, what to do." Lash looked up at the other girls waiting for an answer.

"Hmm, ah! So you know how she called us cretins after you told your story? Well why don't we make a similar thing happen to her!" Sami said excitedly.

"Make her pee herself?" Asked Nell.

"Yeah sure that'll be fun! I keep all sorts of things in my pocket, there's bound to be a diuretic somewhere. Let me see." Lash reached into her pocket, "A pen, a single glove, a toothbrush, meth, penicillin, socks, shampoo... Ah! Diuretic pills!" Lash quietly exclaimed.

"Why do you have so much stuff in your pocket?" Asked Nell.

"Wait did you say meth-"

"Now that we have the pill, we just need to slip it into her coffee." Lash explained.

"But how will we know which one to put it in?" Asked Sami.

"I dunno, I guess I could just put it in all of them." Lash replied.

"But won't that affect us?" Nell questioned.

"You'll probably be fine, if anything bad happens it can just be a funny story to tack on to Kindle's prank." Lash continued.

"I guess it'll be fine. Hopefully." Finished Sami.

Kindle finally finished her order so Lash ordered hers and told the worker to slip the pills in all of the drinks, he obliged. Lash brought the drinks over and sat down with them.

"So how do you think the haunted house is coming along?" Asked Sami.

"Well they had me make some mechanisms but didn't tell me what they were for." Replied Lash.

"I hope it's scary, last year the only scary thing was the house almost collapsing under the weight of all those crappy decorations." Nell said.

"Well I'm glad I didn't go last year then." Replied Kindle while taking a sip of her coffee.

As they drank the girls realized quickly the diuretics were a lot more powerful then they thought.

"Well, I'm gonna head to the can, anyone wanna come?" Asked Sami.

"I could go." replied Nell.

"Hmph, the only bathroom you should use is your own." Kindle scoffed.

Sami and Nell headed to the counter to figure out where the bathroom is.

"Sorry, employees only bathroom." Stated the server.

"Really? Poor timing Lash. We gonna have to figure out something soon." Sami said.

"We'll be fine, we fought a war, it's just going to be holding it for like an hour. Besides, I'm a lady of luck. We're probably going to find one on the way to the haunted house." Nell replied.

They walked back over to the table.

"You're back quickly." Lash noted.

"No public bathroom." Sami replied.

"Like I said, you should only ever use your own bathroom." Kindle scoffed once again.

"It's fine, the house that they are making the haunted house out of has bathrooms, we can go there." Said Nell.

"Well I guess we should get going then. I can drive." Lash stood up.

They began to head out of the coffee shop. Nell and Sami trying not to notice the growing feeling lower down.

"Did it not work on her?" Sami whispered to Nell in the backseat.

"I don't know, maybe she just has a lot of self control? She drank the most out of all of us." Nell whispered back.

"Well I hope they have an opening room with a bathroom, they probably didn't think of that. Oh no this is going to be bad." Sami worried.

"It'll be fine Sami, we are fully grown women, we can hold it." Nell replied.

"So was Lash." Sami shot back.

"And that only happened to Lash due to poor planning and bad decisions. We haven't made any bad decisions, and we didn't have poor planning. We will be fine Sami." Nell explained.

"Okay, I guess." Sami said, ending the conversation.

They arrived at the haunted house. Kindle got out first giving Sami and Nell a chance to talk to Lash.

"Lash? Did you actually put anything in her coffee? She's not showing any signs." Asked Nell.

"I did! I don't know what's going on with her, does she have insane self control or is there something I'm missing here? Lash questioned.

"Well what do we do now? I gotta pee Lash and there's nowhere to go!" Sami exclaimed.

Kindle knocked on the window.

"You coming or not?" Kindle asked.

Everyone got out of the car, Nell and Sami walking noticeably stiff, Sami was even a little hunched. They then proceeded to walk into the house.

"Welcome to your Doom! Hahahah- *cough* ugh, that voice hurts." Was played through a loudspeaker in the corner, the voice being that of Andy trying to do a raspy voice.

"Hmph, a pretty terrible haunted house." Scoffed Kindle, as if that was the only thing she could do.

They walked further into the house, as Sami and Nell had feared there was no bathroom.

"Lash, Lash!" Sami tugged on Lash's shoulder and she turned around as the other girls walked up ahead. "Help me Lash! I gotta go right now and there's no where to do it at!"

"I can't help you, I don't know the layout of the house. I don't know where you could go." Lash replied.

"You could at least help me look! Despite how tough I look on my exterior I actually have a really small bladder. I can't hold it anymore! Please!" Sami begged.

"Well I don't know how-" Lash started talking.

But right then Colin in a mask jumped out at them from a closet startling them.

"Ahh!" Sami screamed clamping down into her pants as a spurt of pee shot out.

Colin took off the mask, "You okay Sami?" He asked.

"No I'm not okay! I'm about to pee myself!" yelled Sami, her hands still firmly placed in her crotch.

"O-oh! Umm, I'm sorry!" Colin yelled while running away embarrassed.

"I need your help Lash! I'm fine with a bucket! Just give me something to use!" Sami begged.

"I'll try and find something! Hold on!" Lash began to look through the closet Colin jumped out of.

Back with Nell and Kindle.

"W-where'd the others go?" Asked Kindle, seeming nervous.

"Is something wrong?" Asked Nell.

"I'm going to be honest, I'm actually extremely scared of haunted houses, that's why I didn't go last year!" Kindle admitted.

"Oh!" Said Nell, "I didn't know that."

"I've never told anyone before." Kindle finally revealed some of her true self.

But just then Adder fell out of the ceiling.

"Ahh!" Kindle hunched over.

"Man this house is unstable." Adder said to himself, "Oh hi."

"Kindle? You good?" Asked Nell.

Just then a sound of liquid could be heard.

"No! I'm fine!" Kindle yelled trying to cover the sound of her peeing herself before giving up and falling defeated into her own pee.

"Oops, well guess I got to clean the carpet." Sighed Adder.

Even though Nell was doing well the sound of Kindle wetting herself didn't help matters.

"Uh oh!" Nell yelled shoving her hands into her crotch.

"I guess I have to clean more carpet, I'll get the vacuum." Adder sighed before walking away.

Even with her hands shoved down there Nell couldn't stop her bladder from emptying right next to Kindle.

Now back to Sami and Lash.

"Lash! Have you found anything!?" Yelled Sami, her bladder beginning to spasm.

"Nothing yet! All that's in this closet is DVDs and jackets!" Lash yelled back.

"I'm gonna take my pants off!" Yelled Sami.

"What!?" Lash was caught off guard.

"So that once you find something I have less to pull down between me and sweet relea- ahh! Don't think about that! Sami yelled while pulling her pants down.

Sami was fully dancing around at this point and made no attempt to hide it.

"Sami! There's nothing in here, I'm sorry." Lash hung her head.

"N-no! There's gotta be something! Check your pockets! You got to have something. Sami gasped doubling over. " I c-can hold it. Y-yeah you are strong, you a-are capable, you can h-hold it!" Sami begged herself and her body for that to be true. But it wasn't.

Another spurt shot though her already damp panties, with no pants to block the liquid it went straight into her hands.

"Eep!" Sami squealed.

Spurts soon turned into a full stream and Sami had to deal with that.

"I'm sorry Sami, I just couldn't find anything." Sighed Lash.

"It's fine, I guess. At least I didn't ruin my pants." Sami said while pulling them back up. "Lets go find the others."

After meeting at the entrance the group grew closer together as a result of their collective peeing.

The End! I hope you enjoyed this part of the first annual ThatYellowSuit Hallowee Special!

