After the Race: Princess Daisy's Desperation

Author: The Dark Wolf

*000*2018-10-16 22:19

Another story of sporty Princess Daisy, but not during Olympics this time. There will be sports involved, though, but not for the main part of the story. Not sure that anyone but Melificentfan will read this, maybe I'm better writing about Mario characters because Super Mario is more popular than My Little Pony.

After the Race: Princess Daisy's Desperation

Princess Daisy woke up. She felt her pajama pants and sighed of relief on noticing they were dry. She had just dreamed that she was looking for somewhere to pee but couldn't find one, with all the bathrooms either occupied, missing a toilet, or their doors broken, eventually jumping into a pond and peeing there before she woke up.

She did have to pee, though. So she got out of bed, walked into the bathroom, did her business, and changed into her sports outfit, a yellow tank top and short, skintight, orange shorts. Today she had signed up for a game of soccer, a long race, and beach volleyball.

She made a big pot of coffee and drank it all, and then, as it was getting close to 10:00, she jumped through a warp pipe to Mushroom City.

First was her soccer game. It was fierce and went on for a long time, as the score was tied, but eventually Daisy scored the winning goal. She was tired, thirsty, and sweaty after the game, so she went to the nearest store, bought three bottles of soda, and drained them in under a minute.

She waited about a half hour before the race, which was a 30-lap race around a long track. Five minutes before the race, a sudden intense urge to pee hit Daisy. The coffee had gone through her, and the soda she drank was slowly starting to fill her bladder as well. The bathroom in the waiting room had a line. Blaze and Rouge were in that line as well. Birdo was initially in it, but seeing how long the line was, she walked to the corner and peed there instead. At least Yoshi, Jet, and Koopa the Quick seemed to be doing fine.

When it was only one minute until the race, Daisy and the remaining contestants in the line walked to the start. Daisy could at least use her desperation as motivation to run faster.

"Ready... set... go!"

Daisy took off and ran so fast she was sure she could beat Sonic. She was almost immediately ahead of the other racers, and put more distance between them each lap. As she ran, her desperation increased, but she held it in.

She won the race by a landslide, but still had to wait for the others to finish. She held herself as she was presented with her gold medal, and then she ran back to the waiting room bathroom. However, as Blaze and Rouge had not placed third or second, they and some of the other contestants had walked back ahead of her and were once again in line.

Daisy decided to go find another bathroom, for she still had quite some time before her volleyball game.

But first, she was thirsty from running that long race. Her outfit was damp with sweat, her hair was soaked, and her legs glistened. She hesitated to potentially increase how badly she needed to go, but she couldn't ignore her thirst. She bought five water bottles with coins she won in the race and downed them as fast as she had run. Once her thirst was satisfied, she searched the store for a bathroom, but couldn't find one, so she ran outside.

She sprinted to the nearest gas station, and ran inside. Unfortunately, the bathroom had an "Out of Order" sign on it. She groaned and ran out the door.

She ran to a park, feeling her bladder getting more full by the minute, and looked for an outhouse there. She found one, but it was occupied. She banged on the door. "Hurry up in there! I really gotta go!"

She held herself and did the pee dance for five minutes before the toilet flushed, and Wario came out.

"Heheh, you look hot when you have to pee," he said.

Daisy ignored him for now and ran to the outhouse door.

"Oh, I wouldn't go in there," Wario chuckled.

Daisy entered the outhouse, and gagged at the smell inside. She looked at the toilet, which was clogged and overflowing. She ran back outside and looked around for a tree to go behind.

"I warned you," said Wario. "But you can pee in front of me." He slapped Daisy's butt.

Daisy kicked Wario in the crotch and ran into the woods. Unfortunately for her, there were Toads and monkeys everywhere. She could feel the pee sloshing around as she ran further along the path. She finally found a big tree she could go behind. She ran behind the tree and was about to pull down her shorts when a Toad walked into view.

"Hi Daisy," said the Toad. "You look pretty distressed. What's up?"

"I have to go to the bathroom really badly!" Daisy hoped the Toad would take the hint and let her pee behind the tree.

"I saw a sign pointing to an outhouse just a little further down the path," said Toad.

This would give her a better shot at privacy, though she hoped she could make it that far. She felt like she was about to burst.

Daisy ran back onto the path, and soon she found a bathroom sign pointing toward a dark area of the woods. She ran down this path, and the further she got, the more eerie the atmosphere got, and the trees had less leaves on them. With a sinking feeling, she suspected this section of the forest might be haunted. She hoped a ghost didn't startle her. If they did, she would pee right then and there.

She found the outhouse the signs pointed to. There were actually two outhouses. She opened the door of one of them and walked inside. It was a little dark, but she could see the toilet in front of her. As she got close to it, however, the toilet disappeared. Daisy groaned and ran outside.

She wasn't sure the other outhouse would be much better, but it was her only option at this point. She ran inside and touched the toilet. She could feel it clearly. Her bladder was overflowing, everything she had drank today having gone through her by now, but she felt better knowing she was about to get her much-needed relief. She pulled her shorts and white panties down and sat on the toilet.

Then, a Boo appeared in front of her. Daisy would have been startled and peed right there, but this was overridden by the fact that someone was about to watch her pee. Plus, the Boo wasn't making any scare motions. She quickly pulled her shorts and panties back up and ran outside the outhouse. She ran back the way she had come, knowing she wasn't going to find a decent place to relieve herself here, and annoyed that her relief had been taken away from right in front of her.

She reached the tree she had tried to go behind before, only to see two Toads sitting behind it having a conversation. Daisy ran back to the park and back to the outhouse Wario had clogged. She decided she'd pee in there regardless of the smell or state of the toilet. However, it had an Out of Order sign on it and was locked.

At that moment, her bladder gave out. Daisy began peeing herself uncontrollably. She moaned with embarrassment and relief as her shorts became soaked, and pee flowed down her legs. At least no one was around to witness her wetting herself, and the warm wetness almost did feel nice. She peed for about three minutes, and when she was done, she realized it was almost time for her volleyball game.

People chuckled a bit at Daisy's wet shorts, but cheered all the same when she and Peach won, after which Peach gave her a bath in her sports outfit.

*002*2018-10-17 05:06

@Melificentfan

It's almost worth posting these to keep providing you with entertainment. Thanks for always being here to like them. Not a lot of people do, so it means a lot to me.

