Daria's Disaster

Author: Teaforme

*000*2013-01-23 05:31

Daria was walking on the sidewalk outside of her home.

“Almost home now, relief is right around this corner” she thought, looking around her to make sure nobody was nearby. She was out shopping at the nearby corner market when she realized the cups of tea she had earlier could wait no longer. Now only a few steps from the door, Daria stopped and held herself.

“There is no way i’m going to lose it at this point. I’m so close to the toilet!”. Right as she began to put her key into the door she heard a voice from behind her.

“Oh, Daria! I was looking for you all morning. Have you seen my dog?” It was her elderly neighbor, Mrs. Sampson.

“I’m sorry, I've been gone. I haven’t seen him, why don’t you check your backyard?”. She didn't have the heart to remind Mrs. Sampson that her dog died three years ago.

“Thank you honey, have a nice day” Mrs. Sampson said as she turned toward her house. Daria felt even more pressure on her bladder now and cursed her luck. She managed to get the door open without it jamming as it tended to do. She saw the bathroom naught but fifteen steps away. Her bladder throbbed with anticipation as she realized she was going to be fine. She sprinted ahead, not noticing her novel was on the floor next to the couch on her way. Stepping right on the novel, she slid forward and fell back at the same time. Daria came down with a loud crash as a soft hissing was heard.

Her black yoga pants began to glisten in the light as she struggled to keep from completely letting go. She managed to stop the flow without much damage, her pants only very slightly damp. She placed her hands on the floor and tried to push but could not without falling back to hold herself. Realizing now that she would never be able to stand without help, she gave in. She relaxed and began to violently pee in her yoga pants, savoring the warmth of the deed. A solid minute passed with a puddle growing under her. Finally completing her release, she stood and began to clean up her mess, with a sigh. It seemed like this happened all too often.

*001*2013-01-24 02:13

Anyone have any feedback? First story I've written in the omorashi genre and I'm not sure if i should continue from this base story or keep going with a new character and base. Personally I kinda like where this could lead to next.

*003*2013-01-24 04:31

I see where you're coming from for sure. I do plan on making a couple more entries with the same character. Would it be better to go in shorter "chapters" or store in up for much longer posts? I'm new to the ongoing aspect of this type of writing. Thanks for the help!

*006*2013-01-29 01:41

I'm working on continuing this story in a chapter fashion, but with each having much more content. No eta on it, pretty busy with work and school. Thanks for all the awesome input though!

