The young gardener

Author: TheGreatNobody

*000*2012-07-06 00:28

The young gardener

Julie was just relaxing in the back yard on a sunny Saturday. She had no school today, so the 17-year old had a day off. She wore a simple black sleeveless top, covering her back and belly completely until the point where her tight dark-green skirt, with slightly lighter matching panties beneath them, began. She lay on a garden lounger, reading a book in the sun. She let her light-red, wavy hair hang loose, and it hung just below her shoulders. This was a nice chance to get some color on her legs, as her skirt only covered the upper part of her legs; it went a little more than halfway down to her knees. She was only 5’2 tall, and had a slightly sportive look over her. As it was a hot day, she had refilled her bottle of water several times, but had not needed the toilet since breakfast (at 12pm, as she slept in on her day off) because of the heat.

“Honey, we’re going to your uncle and aunt to check on their new car, do you want to join us?” her mother shouted from the back door, at 3 pm.

Julie did not really like her uncle and aunt. Also, she was much too relaxed and her book was too good to stop reading just now.

“I’d rather not, I don’t really care for their car and this book is too exciting” she answered.

“Alright, but you should check on your garden too, it’s getting weedy” her mother said. “You should do it today, it’s the only day you have no other obligations.”

Her mother was right to point this out; Julie had planned to do it today, as she had neglected it a bit over the last weeks. It had rained just enough not to water the plants (although the ground was dry now, the weather forecast predicted rain on Sunday), so they did not need that, and none of the fruits were ready harvest just yet.

Julie loved gardening, as the only person in her family. She would have loved it more to have a yard fully overgrown with trees and plants with just some small paths between, to simulate nature as much as possible, but as she was the only person in her family that even liked nature. The rest of her family only wanted plants in the yard on one condition; it should be orderly and functional, or they would pave everything around the house. As Julie felt this was better than nothing at all, she had agreed to their terms. This also meant she was responsible for keeping it orderly, as her parents and her brother could not care less.

“I’ll do it today, don’t worry” was Julie’s answer.

“Okay, we’ll probably be back around 7. We’ll order some Chinese on the way home, so you don’t have to worry about that. Bye honey!”

“Bye mom!”

Julie watched them walk towards the car, and continued reading while they drove away. She was instantly focused on her book again, turning page after page.

About half an hour later, her 15 year old brother Jeremy suddenly disrupted her flow.

“Julie, I’m going over to Alan’s so we can play some multiplayer games on the PC!”

“Whatever, nerd. Just be home in time for dinner” Julie answered, wanting to get back to her book as soon as possible.

“I’m not a nerd! Everyone does it!”

“Yeah, all your friends” Julie sighed. “But -”

“Bye Jeremy” she cut him short. She just wanted to read undisturbed.

Jeremy walked away without saying anything. Julie refilled her bottle of water again, as she had lost her concentration now anyways. She set an alarm to stop reading after an hour, so she could tend the garden. Meanwhile she had taken some big gulps of water already.

“Hmmm, I’m still thirsty, but I don’t like all that tasteless water” she thought, as she downed the rest of the bottle and refilled it with soda.

After this, she continued reading. An hour later, her alarm went off. By now, she felt her bladder was filling slowly. “At this rate, I’ll need the toilet next week” she thought. Her soda now had no bubbles anymore, as she had forgotten about it because of the book. She now realized how thirsty she was, and downed the bottle before refilling it with water again, and downing that one too.

“I’ll start tending the garden after this chapter.”

However, an hour and a half later she realized she was almost at the end of the next chapter. After this realization, she instantly felt a twitch in her bladder and as a reflex she put her right hand (which was not holding her book) under her skirt, riding it up and exposing her panties a bit. She was still in complete control, and quickly got her hand away from her private parts and reorganized her skirt, afraid someone could see her some way. The pressure on her bladder muscles went away instantly.

“Ah, my bladder is a bit fuller than I thought, but not that full yet. I can hold it much longer than this,” she knew for a fact. “I’ll use the bathroom after I got the weed out of the garden.”

She put her book away, quenched her thirst with some more water and got her gardening tools out of the shed. She squatted down to get to the weeds, moving around carefully between her plants, cautious not to step on them. She exposed her panties a bit for someone viewing from the right angle, as her butt was now lower than her knees, and it is hard to keep your legs together while weeding in that position, and her skirt had ridden up. She did not care for this, as there was probably no one watching her; the nearest house was too far away to make out her panties anyway, and this way she could work the fastest, she knew from experience, and her clothes would not touch the dirt. The negative part was she put extra pressure on her bladder like this. “But I can still hold it, and this way I’ll get to use the bathroom faster” she thought.

Halfway through however, she noticed her bladder filling up faster than she expected, so she decided to work a bit faster. Wanting to finish faster than she should, she made a step that was just a little too big. She did not prepare for the unexpected extra hit her bladder had to endure. Her muscles loosened for a moment, and Julie gasped; she quickly put her left hand between her legs and clenched all her muscles again with al her might as she felt a spurt of urine rushing through her urethra and into her dark green panties, darkening them some more, wetting and warming her crotch.

She immediately recognized the familiar warmth; it was more than 2 years ago, but it still felt good. She remembered how she used to hold it on purpose and how she had some accidents because of that, and most prominently; how it felt to just let it pour into your panties, wearing pants or skirts over them or just nothing but panties; sitting on a chair or standing up, running for the toilet or in her bed; the old feelings came back.

She used to experiment with this after she found out she got sexually aroused by a full bladder when she was 13, when she soaked her pants waiting in line for the toilet after watching a movie in the cinema. She remembered how it had felt, giving up and feeling her bladder exploding in her cotton panties before the warm sensation spread everywhere within a few seconds, and how she walked back to the car in squeaking shoes from her pee. She did not completely understand at the time, but it had felt good, and after that she peed herself more and more. But by the time she was 15, she had started to wet the bed sometimes when she did not mean to do it, and had 3 public accidents within 2 weeks, her parents had caught her clearly wetting herself on purpose twice and she realized she could not go on like this.

She stopped wetting herself intentionally and after 3 months her accidents had stopped, and she has never wet herself since. Until now, more than 2 years after her last accident, where she had wet herself in the bus on the way back from school just before her stop, soaking the back of the short dress she wore and getting laughed at by the whole bus, and by the whole school the next day.

Back to reality; Julie realized she was rubbing the small wet spot between her legs quite obviously remembering this, after having ignored those feelings for 2 years. She regained control over her body and her thoughts, and moved her skirt a bit to check on the damage she had done; her panties were clearly darkened, but only between her legs. She had not let that much go, and she had regained control now. Just a little bit more careful with the rest of the garden, and she should make it, trying to ignore what just happened. She continued weeding, now taking small steps at a time with her skirt again as straight as it could be.

After a few minutes, the pressure on her bladder muscles seemed to increase a lot faster than it did before. After a while, she could only hold it by constantly moving her legs, making it even harder to hold it since both her legs hit her bladder with every movement they made. The constantly increasing pressure brought back the feelings she had a few seconds ago, and in a moment of weakness she allowed another spurt to escape. She stayed in control all the while, but she immediately regretted this move. This one felt about as big as the last one, and soaked her panties a little bit further down her butt and now she really had to focus all her energy on holding her pee back, and she still had about 5 minutes of work, but was not sure she could make it through that anymore now. Her muscles were starting to hurt.

Julie could barely move anymore. “I hope I can maintain control until the pressure subsides, then I can finish weeding without needing the bath-gasp!”

Her thoughts were interrupted by a big wave of pressure, and she could not hold it all back. As hard as she tried, as hard as she clenched her muscles, it slowly dribbled through.

“Alright, I should be able to hold it standing up, so I’m going to make a run for the bathroom” she thought, as she felt the slow dribble wetting her panties and even reaching the point where they met with her skirt, making a small part of her butt cheeks warm and wet as well as re-warming her privates. She was in ecstasy, suddenly realizing this was the greatest feeling she ever felt; she could not control her bladder in this position anymore, and did not feel like adjusting her position anymore; no one was home, and no one could see her like this!

She parted her legs a bit, and put her hand under her skirt and on her panties; the feeling of her small trickle of pee going in her panties felt so great on her hand, and the slow rubbing against her clit through her wet panties felt even better, while she protected the front of her skirt from getting wet by lifting it up as far as she could, making it tighter around the back. She was in heaven as she felt the warmth spreading over her butt, feeling the pee seeping through her panties, wetting her skirt.

She could not take it anymore; she gave up. Just a moment later her bladder started to empty itself vigorously, now only being held back by the already soaked fabric of Julie’s panties. Multiple streams started to fall from the lowest part of her skirt onto the dirt between the strawberry plants and the raspberries; she was now having a complete accident, while she could have chosen to still make it to the toilet, rubbing her own privates while doing so. This made her feel extra naughty.

With the stream dying down, she got to her climax; she rubbed herself like she never did before, and had an orgasm of the likes she had never felt before. It felt much better than anything a vibrator or a boy could ever do to her; she would never need drugs if simply wetting herself would be enough to experience the ultimate feelings of joy. After her heavenly feelings faded, a dripping sound coming from her butt was all that remained. Julie sat there, trying to get her breath back, as the dripping slowly stopped too.

Afterwards she walked in through the back door of the house, and checked herself in the mirror; there was a big round spot on the back of her skirt, just not reaching the lower edge of her skirt and still keeping the top of her skirt dry, but expanding to both sides as far as her outer thighs. Then she saw the clock; it’s almost 7! She could never get herself cleaned up in time, and if she just changed into clean clothes her parents would notice she wore something else, and her mother would surely notice it while doing laundry; how was she going to explain she had wet herself at the age of 17, at her own house while there was a toilet within 10 meters of her all the time?

She walked back to the yard in panic, and saw another problem; there was an obvious wet spot in the otherwise dry field, just before the small part that still had weeds. It would be obvious she had let it go on purpose this way, she thought.

Then she had a revelation; “There is only one way to solve this,” she thought. She pulled out the last weeds as fast as she could, and quickly filled a big watering can and started to water all the plants. Within a few minutes, the whole field was soaked. Now the location was covered, but she was still a 17 year old girl who obviously wet herself. She heard the car of her parents coming on the driveway, and the only thing she could do was to make sure they thought she had an accident, rather than thinking she was wetting herself on purpose again. Luckily she never empties her bladder completely when she pees herself, and she filled her bottle of water again, placed herself back on the garden lounger, poured half of the water down her panties, wetting her panties and skirt again.

She put the half-empty bottle down on the ground, laid her book open on her stomach and pretended to sleep, as she could feel her need to pee increasing again because of the water flowing down her skirt and dripping on the ground right under her. She relaxed completely and her now cold crotch started to warm up once again; she felt the warmth spreading to her butt again, eliminating the uncomfortable feel she got from the water. There was still more in her bladder than she had thought, as once again there were 2 or 3 thick streams falling from her body onto the ground, and she even tricked herself in dozing of a little, feeling satisfied, as her parents entered the house without first checking the back yard.

A few minutes later, as Julie still lay there peacefully half-sleeping with pee dripping down to the ground, she was awoken by her mother.

“Julie! Julie! Wake up honey, you’ve had an accident!”

Julie woke up drowsy, rubbing her eyes, pretending not to understand.

“You have wet yourself in your sleep, Julie”

Julie faked her surprise, but her mother seemed to buy it;

“What…? Huh? Oh no! No! I’m so sorry, mom! Oh my God, I don’t know what happened, I was drinking a lot because it was so hot and I must have dozed off,” Julie said, playing it so well even a tear formed in her left eye, rolling down her cheek, with more tears welling up behind it.

“You don’t need to explain to me,” her mother said as she put an arm around Julie, “accidents can happen to anyone. Just get yourself sorted out before dinner, okay.”

Some more tears started to roll down her eyes, and she mumbled some more apologies and got up, with her head looking redder than her hair. She walked up the stairs to see her brother had arrived too. He had a look of surprise on his face, as he saw his big sister rushing by in a soaked skirt and tears rolling down her face, almost as if she had wet herself like she used to do some years ago.

Julie got out of her panties and skirt and put them over a chair in her room, and got a pair of cotton white panties and a blue polyester pair of short shorts, after which she walked, bottom naked, towards the bathroom, her brother still watching in disbelief.

In the bathroom, she washed her face under the faucet. After drying it off, a big smile appeared. She had gotten away with it – she had an accident on purpose again, like she used to do, it had felt better than ever and everyone thought she had an accident and no one blamed her. She stepped into the shower, put the showerhead between her legs after it had achieved the right temperature, and she washed her legs, her butt and her privates, which resulted, as she had anticipated, in a second orgasm, thinking of what had just happened. After she dried off, she put on her panties and shorts again and went down into the living room, sat herself down and trying not to smile as nobody mentioned the incident over dinner.

*005*2012-07-15 02:35

I did not expect this, but I could not keep Julie's personage out of my head. 2 days ago I suddenly had multiple plans for a follow up, and now I've done it. This was meant to be a one-off story, but I got caught up in it and well, here is part 2 :)

Chapter 2; How to overcome an accident

Later that evening she would have normally gone to a pub since it was Saturday, but she felt like she would kiss any guy that wanted her tonight; she did not want to be a slut. Instead she called it off and chose to watch a movie after dinner.

“Do you want something to drink Julie?” her mother yelled from the kitchen.

“No, I’m fine”

“If you’re thirsty you have to drink, it’s bad not to”

“I’m not thirsty mom!”

“Yes you are,” her mom said, now standing next to the leather couch Julie was sitting on. “You did not drink anything since we’ve gotten home. You even declined a glass of water at dinner.”

“If I want anything I’ll go get it myself,” Julie said annoyed.

“You’re afraid it will happen again, right? Don’t worry. Just because it happened once does not mean it will happen again. Just use the bathroom before you go to sleep and you should be fine. And even if you have another accident, I don’t mind.”

Julie felt kind of embarrassed by this. She was actually scared that if she drank something and needed the bathroom again, she could not resist peeing herself. But although her bladder control was alright, she had to play along. It was still better if her mom thought she had an accident.

“Okay, I’m thirsty” she admitted.

“I’ll get you some water then,” her mother reacted.

In the meantime her brother was trying to tease her, but he was not at all successful.

“I know enough stuff to tease you too, a lot more than what you have on me. Do you want me to start with that?” Julie said.

“Then I will tell everyone at school” Jeremy said.

“Then I’ll tell everyone you’re just lying and you still wet the bed. Let’s see who they will believe.”

After that, they said in silence, watching the movie until it ended. She had a big mug of tea half an hour before the end. It was a fairly long movie, and afterwards they went straight to bed.

“Don’t forget to use the bathroom, Julie” her mother reminded her. Julie’s head got red as she mumbled her answer: “yeah, I will.”

As she walked into the bathroom, she realized she did not really need the bathroom that badly, but felt like peeing right through her panties. Realizing she did not need to go that badly and someone would surely find out, she decided to not even use the bathroom. She flushed after a minute and walked out again, and went to bed. She fell asleep instantly, after removing her blue shorts and black top.

After 7 hours of lying in bed silently, the body of the 17 year old girl started to squirm a bit. The last cup of tea had hit her bladder some hours ago and now her bladder was still filling slowly but steadily. Meanwhile, in her dream, she was walking around in a beautiful forest wearing the same white cotton panties and nothing but a black dress over it. It was a forest of pure nature; no civilization had interfered with it and the trees, flowers and shrubs had grown freely and the animals would walk where they wanted. This was some kind of heaven for Julie, except for the fact that her bladder was becoming really full.

She decided she could empty it where she wanted, as there was no human being around. She hiked down, got her dress out of the way and started relaxing. She felt a stream of urine shooting right through her panties. This made her whole experience even better, but she would find no release. Her bladder seemed to stay as full as it was before. So she pushed. And she moaned. And finally, she felt some relieve, but not that much. She had stopped peeing her panties but her bladder was almost as full as it was before. She felt even more desperate after cutting her stream off.

Her body was squirming in her bed, as she slowly woke up from her dream. Her crotch surely felt nice and warm. The next moment she realized her bladder was full. Then she felt a spurt of pee escape and suddenly she awoke, realizing what was happening. She shot out of bed, got her shorts and top on as an automatism as fast as she could and ran to the bathroom, still not completely awake.

As soon as she saw the toilet, her need increased. Without even realizing it, she let another spurt go. She quickly got over to the toilet, and as she got her hands to the hem of her panties and shorts, her bladder muscles seemed to stop working. A stream forced its way out of her urethra as she heard a hiss, which confirmed that she was suddenly peeing herself full force. She quickly pulled her clothing down as she sat on the toilet and finished her pee in there. As she sat on the toilet, still half asleep, she saw what had happened.

Luckily, she had mostly made it; as she inspected the floor, there were no drops on it and she had only started peeing just before she sat down. Her white cotton panties however were now see-through in the crotch and the crotch of her shorts was now dark blue. As she was still slowly awaking, she grew aroused, realizing she just had a small, but real, accident. After she her stream had finished, she started rubbing her clit and she had an intense orgasm after only 2 seconds. She was lucky she had learned to stay quiet as she pleasured herself, or she would have surely woken up her parents.

Then she suddenly heard an alarm; this meant her parents would be getting out of bed within the next 2 minutes! She quickly got up, flushed the toilet and got her panties and shorts back up again, and rushed to her room. She got out of her top and shorts and shoved it under her bed and jumped in. Only a few moments later she heard her parents getting out of their room.

5 minutes later, the door opened and in the beam of light that shone through her mother stood.

“Julie, wake up, it’s time to get ready for church. Slept well? Did you stay dry?”

“Mom, you know I’m an atheist and that’s not going to change if I go to church”

“You’re just saying that so you can sleep in. Or are you trying to hide you’re wet?”

“No mom, I’m not wet, I am seventeen. Yesterday was a one-time accident.”

“That’s what you said when you were 13, but we know how that ended” her mother reminded her.

Julie was starting to feel uncomfortable talking about this. Her mother meant it right, but she felt embarrassed, more so because she secretly was a little wet.

“Anyway, I’m not going to church. I hate it there, pretending to be religious.”

“Alright, but don’t let me catch you still asleep when we come back, or you’ll be going again next week,” her mother said, closing her door. It had worked; she would now only have to wait for her parents and brother to leave and then she could get out of bed. She had gotten away again after she wet herself, and this time no one was even going to notice.

After she had put her clothes in the washing machine, she had dressed herself in black jeans shorts with fake tears in it, which covered only the top half of her upper legs, and a black and white striped top. Beneath it she did not wear a bra, as usual, and a pair of pink cotton panties. After eating breakfast, she spent the morning playing videogames until her clothes were washed and dried.

As today was one of the few Sundays in the year the local mall was open, she called Alice and headed off to do some potential shopping. She put on some flip flops and met with her blonde friend at the bus stop. She was wearing a loose white shirt, which had such big holes for her arms you could clearly see the sides of her black bra. Beneath that she wore a short black multi-layered skirt and black all stars with white socks.

The girls first went for a coffee, and after that they both had half a liter of fresh orange juice. “Now make sure you don’t have an accident in public,” Julie thought, after which she immediately had a chuckle at her own thoughts. Of course she would not have an accident; she only wet herself on purpose yesterday, and her trouble this morning was only because she chose not to go to the toilet before going to bed.

After an hour or so of getting in to shops, trying clothes on and checking out other stuff they could buy, Julie’s bladder started to reach its maximum capacity.

“Hey Alice, do you know where the nearest public bathroom is around here?” Julie asked, already fidgeting a bit. As she likes to hold it, it was already pretty urgent.

“The nearest is just around the corner, but they’re rebuilding it. The other one is the one next to the place we drank our coffees, but that’s maybe 10 minutes of walking away.”

“10 minutes? I should be able to make that, but it will be a close call’’ Julie thought. “Let’s go now then, I’m pretty desperate,” she said.

“Let me first try this skirt on, it seems so cute!” Alice said.

“Well, hurry then.”

“I will, I need the bathroom too you know, after that coffee and orange juice…”

Alice tried the skirt on, and she was right; it really looked good on her, and she decided to buy it. Mission accomplished, but the extra wait in line for the cash register had made sure Julie was getting pretty desperate. Her bladder was filling more rapidly than she thought. When it was almost Alice’s turn to pay, the girl behind the counter suddenly ran away. “What a bitch,” Julie thought. Just the thought of having to wait longer made her more desperate, and the fact that there was a dark patch growing on the back of the girl’s legs as she ran through the door in the back of the store was not helping her. After waiting 2 more minutes, Julie could feel her own muscles weakening a bit.

“Alice, I’m going, I can’t wait any longer” she said, as she walked out of the store as fast as she could in her condition. She was holding herself all the way. It seemed to hit her hard now; all the fluids she drank seemed to have reached her bladder at almost the same time. She felt her crotch was damp with sweat as she held herself.

As she walked back through the mall, she did not pay attention to anything else than her still rapidly filling bladder. She could only think of ways to keep her urine in her body as, to her surprise, she walked right into a woman with 3 full shopping bags, making her drop 2 of them, spilling her clothes over the floor.

“Oh, I’m so sorry, I didn’t see you,” she apologized as she helped the woman put the clothes back in the bags. This was too stressing for her bladder; as she handed the woman the last bag, she felt her bladder twinge and her muscles relax. Urine started to pour slowly out of her, wetting her panties and shorts for almost 2 seconds before she regained control. She was lucky her jeans shorts were black, as she could only see the wet patch between her legs when she looked really hard, but she surely was not going to make it to the public bathroom. She tried to walk quickly but barely moved as she tried to reach the counter in the store next to her, both hands deeply buried into her crotch

“Please, can I use your toilet?” She asked the girl behind it.

“I’m sorry, it’s only for personnel, there’s a public bathroom just a few minutes walking from here” she answered.

“But I can’t make it there anymore! Please, I’ll wet myself if you don’t let me!” she almost yelled. She felt another twinge in her bladder and had not enough strength to fight it anymore; she slowly started wetting herself!

“Please, I’ll buy clothes here, I don’t care, just help me!” she said, but she knew it was too late, as she felt the warm wetness leaking out of her, wetting her short jeans and her hands between her legs. Trickles of pee started running down the insides of her legs as the wetness reached the leg openings of her shorts. Her face grew red.

The girl behind the counter felt some sympathy for the girl. “I’ll see what I c…”

“Oh my god, Julie you’re peeing yourself” a voice interrupted her from just outside the store. Alice had found her, as Julie had only made it 4 stores down from the one where Alice was buying the skirt.

Meanwhile, between Julie’s legs, her muscles stopped working. She heard a loud hissing sound as a stream of pee forced its way out of her body, hitting her panties hard. A constant waterfall of pee was now running down both her legs. She spread her legs, creating 2 streams falling from her shorts directly onto the ground. She turned her head around to see her friend standing there in the opening of the store with her legs tightly crossed and surprise on her face.

“Oh my god, I can’t believe it, you’re actually having an accident!” Alice said, but stopped talking when she realized she was about to have the same fate if she did not find the toilet soon.

“I’m sorry,” said Julie, apologizing to the girl behind the counter, watching in disbelief as a girl her own age was making a big puddle in the middle of the store.

Julie’s bladder was almost completely empty, as her stream started to slow. There was a puddle with an average radius of 2 meters around her. Her first light-colored flip flops were completely darkened and sopping wet.

Julie apologized one more time to the girl behind the counter and turned around as her stream was still not completely stopped. “Let’s get out of here” Julie whispered as she passed Alice. “I want to go home as fast as possible.” She walked out of the store as her last pee hit her panties, ending the flow of warmth against her private parts. She had to be careful; if she had an orgasm now everyone around her would know her secret.

“But I still really need the bathroom,” Alice said. “If we go now, I’ll have an accident for the second time in two weeks!” referring to when she peed herself at her 18th birthday, when she drank too much and she couldn’t reach the toilet in time and she soaked her jeans. Only Alice and Julie knew about the incident, but this time it would be viewed by hundreds of people.

“Alright, but we’re going directly afterwards” Julie said, attracting quite some looks as she walked into the crowded hall with her wet shorts and the wet trail her flip flops left behind.

Behind the girl in wet shorts was a girl in a skirt, constantly crossing her legs as she walked slowly towards the bathroom. Some people had gotten out their telephones to film what was happening, but Julie did not care. She wanted to get out of here as she now was too aroused to be in public.

After a few minutes of walking like this, the public bathroom came in sight. Or, to put it better; the line in front of the bathroom. Julie turned around to see her friend standing still, with shock on her face. She doubled over as her left hand shot under her skirt to hold herself directly, her right hand holding the bag with clothes she just bought.

“I cannot wait that long! I am not going to make it!”

Apparently her bladder had filled more quickly than expected too.

“I have leaked a bit already” Alice said, as a tear rolled down her face. Her face went red.

“Come on, maybe someone will let you first,” Julie tried to help her.

“No, I’m not even making it there,” Alice said, as Julie saw a drop running down Alice’s right leg. And another. And another. The drops became a trickle, as a trickle was also starting on her left leg.

“Oh no, I’m so embarrassed,” Alice said sobbing, as her eyes and her legs were getting wetter and wetter. The trickles went into her shoes, wetting her socks. Then the dam broke. Alice removed her hand from between her legs and for the second time Julie heard a loud hissing sound, but this time it was not from herself. She saw her beautiful friend having an accident; a loud splattering was heard and it grew quiet around the girls as a lot of people stared in misbelieve at the two wet girls, after which people would start talking furiously, taking pictures and making movies with their phones. Some laughter was heard as Alice soaked her panties, socks and shoes. A large puddle with a strong urine scent was forming around her.

When the stream died down, Julie put her arm around the sobbing girl, stepping in her puddle to get there.

“It’s ok, it happened to me too, it’s no shame. Everyone has it sometimes” she tried to console her.

“I want to go home,” Alice said, almost not understandable between her sobs.

The girls walked away, ignoring the crowd around them, leaving two trails of wet footsteps.

After the bus ride, where they were forced to stand up by the driver, Julie noticed her bladder had not completely emptied itself and had started filling up again while walking home. She was still really aroused and wanted to relieve herself in her panties again.

“Hey, I have to go again,” she simply said, and she started to wet herself again. Her cold, wet panties and shorts got warm again as she felt an unexpected thick stream escaping her body. She spread her legs and the stream fell directly on the pavement where they were walking.

“What are you doing?” Alice asked, as she watched Julie pee herself for the second time that day.

“My clothes were already wet so there was no u… uhhsshse ihn hhh....” She could not finish her sentence. The new warmth in combination with her horniness from earlier made it too much; she had an orgasm without even touching herself. Her right hand shot to her crotch as a reaction to what was happening and started massaging her clit while she was already squirting more fluids than only pee in her panties.

“Did… you just have an orgasm?” Alice said.

“I’m sorry, that was not meant to happen” Julie said, her face now redder than when she wet herself. “I just… sometimes… I… it’s just… it happens and…”

“You get so aroused from peeing yourself that you have an orgasm? How can that be?” Alice said.

“I… Well yeah, but…” Julie stammered. Her secret was out. The secret she kept for years, it was out with just one little mistake.

“Please, don’t tell anyone, I’m sorry” said the red-faced redhead. “If you don’t want to be my friend anymore, I understand but please… Keep this a secret”

“Wow, no, I won’t judge you for this, I’m just amazed. I heard some people got sexually exited from peeing themselves but I thought it was a joke,” Alice said, “but you just… wow, that seemed like the best orgasm ever.”

“Just, don’t talk about it anymore please” Julie said. The wet girls walked in silence towards Julie’s house.

Once inside, they found out to Julie’s surprise no one was there. They decided to take something to drink before washing their clothes. The girls sat themselves down on chairs which Julie said could take the wetness. Apart from that, they were still in complete silence. Until Alice lifted up the front of her skirt to inspect her damage, revealing red, soaked panties, still sitting on the back of her skirt.

Julie saw it too, and to her surprise she suddenly saw it first grow darker in the crotch area, after which she saw a stream going through her panties down to her skirt, wetting the back part of it. The loud hissing sound was proof she was again peeing herself, full force, and it took only a few seconds to reach the floor. Alice was peeing herself on purpose while sitting on her skirt. Multiple streams were dripping down her chair, as she blushed and inspected closely what happened. When her stream died down she looked Julie right in the eye and smiled nervously. Maybe a public accident was not that bad…

*009*2012-07-17 22:11

{{: 

I found only one or two grammatical mistakes

}}

I finished this between 4 and 5 in the morning and posted it right away, so sorry for my mistakes. I hate them, so please tell me which so I can pay attention to them next time :)

