A nightmare for a nightmare

Author: Tord29

*000*2019-12-17 06:56

Hello! This is my first story.

Pitch panted. He had been running from his nightmares for almost 2 days without eating, sleeping or even taking the time to relieve his now swollen bladder. Pitch looked around to make sure no one was around before giving his crotch a firm squeeze. Upon hearing the jingling of bells Pitch removed his hand from his crotch and looked up. There in the sky was none other than North riding in his sleigh. That's when Pitch suddenly realized that it was Christmas eve. Pitch paused. He then decided to follow North and that's exactly what he did. He slowly yet quickly followed North back to Santoff Clausen (I dunno how to spell that). He managed to get past the yetis and some of the guardians without being caught.

Every Christmas eve North would hold his annual Christmas eve party and all the spirits were invited. Well except Pitch, cause you know. Pitch waited for about almost an hour before all the spirits left the party. Good thing Pitch hadn't gotten to the party the minute it started because there would have been a flood. Pitch crept out of the shadows, surveying the area to make sure no one was around. A small elf walked by before freezing the moment he saw Pitch. The elf panicked and started calling for help. Pitch was afraid North or one of the yetis would come so he wrapped the elf in wrapping paper before shoving it into a closet. Pitch closed the closet and was about to walk off when he bumped into something or someone. Pitch looked up to find none other than North looking down at him. For minute Pitch almost forgot about his unbearable urge to use the bathroom.

"Why are you here Pitch ?" North asked. Hi voice was both calm and stern at the same time.

"I....I" Pitch began. North arched a brow. "I was um......I came here to use you um...um....uh" Pitch couldn't bring himself to finish the sentence. He was soooooooo embarrassed. He wished the floor would just swallow him whole already.

"Well then Pitch" North started " If your not going to answer my question, I'll have to Kick you out" North grabbed Pitch by the arm, pulling the smaller male into a standing position. Pitch gasped as a warm jet of piss shout of dampening not only hos boxers but also his cloak, trousers and creating a small puddle on the floor.

"I-I-I c-c-c-ca-n't" Pitch whined, both hands now gripping his crotch for dear life. "I'm sorry North" Pitch sobbed. North let out a small sigh feeling compassion for the smaller male. North quickly but also gently picked Pitch up bridal style being careful not to jostle the shorter male's bladder, before quickly making a mad dash for the bathroom. Pitch barley made it to the bathroom, but he did. North quickly tugged off Pitch's trousers and then hiked up Pith's cloak before setting the grey male down on the toilet. Pitch let out a moan of relief as he was finally able to relieve himself. His eyes fluttering and head tilting back as he let out a "Oh sweet baby Jesus". North noticed that Pitch's abdomen was very red. Suddenly North was knocked out of his thoughts when Pitch buried his face into Norths shoulder sobs racking his body. North gently stroked Pitch's back. After the two left the bathroom in awkward silence. North also noticed that Pitch looked exhausted.

"Pitch when is the last time you slept and ate something?" North asked. Pitch shrugged.

"I dunno" came the reply. North took Pitch into the kitchen. He quickly warmed up some spaghetti and meatballs while Pitch sat down on the counter. "Why are you being so nice to me?" Pitch suddenly asked.

"I-I just you looked like you really needed to use the bathroom before and now you look... you look like you haven't eaten or slept in almost a year." Pitch looked at the floor.

After eating most all the spaghetti and meatballs Pitch lied down in one of North's spare bedrooms. North came in and pulled a blanket over Pitch. They said goodnight to each other. North was about to turn off the light before leaving when Pitch asked him to leave the light on. North arched an eyebrow at that but left it on anyways. Pitch looked around the room before closing his eyes and trying to get some sleep. When Pitch woke up again it was about 2 am in the morning. He had, had a nightmare. Luckily for him though he hadn't screamed or anything which resulted in North still being asleep. But Pitch did realize something else though. He had just wet the bed. A million thoughts were running through his mind. What would North think of him? Would North kick him out? Suddenly Pitch's door opened. At first he though it was North. But i wasn't. It was someone else. Pitch out of a fearful scream.

Cliff hanger. DUN DUN DUN

Who was it? Right who you think It was in the comments below.

Sorry it's so short . I'm tired

