Happy Accidents

Author: Tall Cake

*000*2023-09-26 17:33

The first thing she did after walking through the front door was to head for the bathroom. She lowered her pants and knickers and peeled yet another damp pad from the gusset.

"Third one this week," she sighed. "I need to start being more careful." Recently, Maria had been having some accidents. A little dribble or two at first, laughing with her friends, but she noticed them creeping into more parts of her life. She had dismissed the leaks as just silly accidents at first, but a close call at the local Tesco had forced her to face her new reality. A few drops in her knickers as she leaned over to reach for a bag of potatoes had quickly become a short burst as she strained to lift it, cut short only by the intense, sudden reactionary clenching of her muscles as she quickly stood upright, looking around her to see if anyone might have seen. Suddenly aware that she was wearing grey sweatpants, she had dashed off to the toilets to inspect the damage and dry off. 

Luckily, she had found only a small spot on the under-seam of the sweatpants, and after finishing what was started in the vegetable aisle and hiding her folded up and damp knickers in her handbag, she'd returned to her shopping, timidly making her first stop to pick up some incontinence pads. Unfortunately, she had found the toilet roll dispenser unstocked and had to finish her shopping damp. She spent twenty minutes looking at the different options before choosing. A delay made from both not knowing which best suited her, and not wanting to accept that this was something she needed now. Embarrassed as she was, she could not help the unusual urge rising in her. With no knickers on and loose-fitting pants, the residue surrounding her pussy felt cool as it dried, exposed to the air. It gave her a familiar, yet new feeling. New, and strangely exciting.

For a couple of weeks after buying the pads she hadn't bothered wearing them. She never expected anything to happen and thought it would be silly to wear them every day if she'd only actually need them once in a while. It took a couple of weeks for her to fully accept that this was part of her life now, but she still wasn't used to it. Maria was at the tail end of her forties, but she had always felt young.

Where her friends had settled down as they approached middle-age, focussing more on family life and less on the fun of their youths, Maria had remained active in nightlife and dating. In keeping with her youthful attitude, she preferred the company of younger men. Beyond the arrogance and immaturity of the early twenties, but before the boring, lacklustre middle-age. 28-36 was the age range she set on the dating apps, though the sweet spot, she found, was around 31-34. She had gotten a few dates this way. Some better than others, but on average only about 20% were half-way enjoyable, and only half of those ended in the bedroom.

Her last date was quite a boring affair. Peter had talked a big game over the app, but when they met up, she found him to be a terrific bore. Perhaps he was just shy, but more likely she thought, he was just dull. She tended to lower her expectations thanks to the low-quality of her dates, each one sapping a little more of her enthusiasm, but she had actually expected this one to be quite fun. Alas, Peter had very little to say, and she knew within ten minutes that this would not have an exciting ending.

The most interesting thing that happened on that date was when - thanks to her increased alcohol intake, in an effort to dull the boredom – she found herself cross-legged, lurching back and forth in the toilets, waiting for a cubicle to become free. A couple of minutes prior to this she had let a chuckle out upon seeing a waiter trip, spilling beer over himself. Now, having waited five more minutes before the woman queueing in front of her had finally been able to go, her bladder caved and sent a stream out into her knickers and down the inside of her legs. She managed to stop herself mid-flow and hold it until the woman before her left the cubicle. She rushed in and turned around, barely making it to the seat before a stream came gushing out of her.

As she released, the first drops hit the seat, splashing up in every direction, dotting the floor, the cubicle door, her legs, and her dress. As she reached forward to shut the cubicle door (which she had neglected to close in her haste) a couple of drops even splashed up to the part of her chest left exposed by her plunging dress. After expelling what seemed like two bladders worth of pee, she leant forward to inspect her knickers. “Soaked,” she thought. When she put them on, they’d been a light-blue colour. Now they were approaching Navy, with the only hint of their original colouring on the sides.

As she lifted and lowered her feet, she could feel a small but obvious amount of liquid inside her shoes and hear them squelching. “This date is painful enough. Now I’ll have to sit through the rest of it in wet knickers and shoes…?”. In honesty, the thought kind of turned her on, though she didn’t really know why. “He’d have no idea what was going on under my dress. It seems so naughty,” she reasoned. Ultimately, she decided that that level of excitement would be wasted on Peter, and that she would be better served by taking it home with her, alone. She informed Peter that she had to leave and apologised, though with little enthusiasm. He seemed a little confused and disappointed but didn’t put up a fight, standing up to see her off and expressing his hope to see her again soon. “Unlikely,” Maria thought, as she smiled politely and turned to leave.

On the walk home she found herself once again stricken by the cool air, wafting gently up her dress to her wet knickers, cooling them against her pussy. Once again, she found herself excited by the sensation and once again, wondered why. When she arrived home, she decided to just shower and go to bed, wearied as she was from the evening and Peter’s dull conversation. As she deposited her wet knickers into the laundry basket, she decided that from then on, she needed to start wearing the pads, and that she needed to be more selective with whom she went out with. Her next date two weeks later would prove to be far more interesting.

Out at the bar the date had been fun, but not extraordinary. Luke had been interesting enough, and interested enough in Maria, to merit an invite back to her house, though she wondered whether she actually liked him or whether he was just shining against the quality of her other recent dates. Either way, she was ready to take him home and see where the night went. Having had a few drinks already they took a taxi to her South Manchester home, making out a little in the back seat. Maria could feel how into her Luke was from the way he was kissing her and the way his hands were beginning to wander, and she realised that she felt it too. As he grazed the inside of her thigh, just above her right knee, an unusual thought entered her head: “what if I just peed right now?” She moved away from his mouth and looked at him for a couple of seconds, shocked at what she had just thought. “Don’t ruin this” she told herself. Luke stared at her confused, as if to ask what he had done wrong.

“… Not so fast,” she said. “You have to earn that.” A devilish smile crept onto Luke’s face.

“Yes ma’am.” He said. Maria mirrored his expression and sat back in her seat. She turned to look out the window and peeked an anxious look on her reflection. She took a deep breath and shook it off. She turned back to Luke and gave him a lingering peck on the lips.

@@After they got back to her house, she poured them some wine and they talked for a while. One glass led to two, and then to three and before she knew they were opening another bottle. She didn't even realise how much they were getting through, nor how tipsy she was getting. It also didn't occur to her that she hadn't peed since the bar. She was having too much fun. But as she stood up to put some music on, the alcohol made its presence known and her head began swimming. He said something that tickled her, and like a perfect storm it came together. The wine filling her bladder and dulling her senses; the loosening that came with standing up; a chuckle becoming laughter. As she looked back at him, smiling, he himself laughing now as well, a torrent burst forth, saturating the week's fourth pad in an instant. She forgot what they were laughing about, and nothing was funny anymore. She stared at him, horrified for what felt like forever, then rushed out of the room as the pad failed to soak up anymore of her pee.

In the bathroom she stood for a few seconds, mortified. "He doesn't know", she told herself. "He can't... but what must he be thinking?". She wanted to stay in there forever, locked away from the world. Or at least until she heard him leave. But as she hiked her skirt up and began to lower her knickers, peeling the dripping pad away from the surface of her pussy, the bathroom door handle turned. The horror returned more intense than before as she realised that in her haste, she had forgotten to lock the door. As it opened a draft made its way in, blowing against her damp pussy, the familiar cold chilling and exciting her, until she remembered the situation she was in. She quickly pulled her knickers back up, but they caught on her knees and by the time he was in the room they were barely halfway up her thighs.

They stood still, staring at each other. There was no coming back from this, Maria thought. "My days of romance are over. This is the most embarrassing thing that has ever happened to me." Yet the feel of the chill still gave her excitement, if dulled a little by the situation. He stepped slowly toward her, much to her surprise, and she suddenly remembered that her pussy was still exposed. She panicked, grabbing for the sides of her knickers but hesitating to pull them up, knowing what was inside them. She was in the middle of taking them off. They were soaking. It would make no sense to put them back on.

The weight of them was alarming. She had no idea she could hold so much liquid in her, and she hadn't even finished. There was still at least a half-filled bladder waiting to be emptied. He stepped closer as she apprehensively lifted them, unsure of what else she could do, the heavy pad sagging low between her legs, the wet fabric clinging to her skin. Suddenly he lunged close to her, reaching under her knickers and between her thighs, and took the whole weight of the swollen pad in his hand. He looked her in the eyes as he lifted it and pressed it into her pussy. The warmth of it washed away the chill and replaced it with a new, infinitely more exciting sensation. The heat radiated through her and made its way out through her mouth in a shaking sigh as she closed her eyes and tilted her head back as he moved in and started to kiss her neck.

The excess pee leaked out of the pad and through her knickers as he squeezed it against her, dripping over his hand and down her thighs, towards where she could now feel his cock pressing into her. He pushed closer to her, shifting the pad in his hand and running the soaked surface of it between her lips and against her clit. She moaned and felt her legs quake. She had never been brought to climax so quickly, nor with such intensity. She blacked out for a second. A minute. A lifetime. She couldn't know for sure how long it was, but she came to, realising that she was no longer holding in the rest of her pee. It was flooding out of her.

The pad was entirely useless now, it and her knickers completely soaked. It rushed down her legs to her knees, to her feet, to the floor. Her shoes were puddles. Her stockings glistening. She tried to hold it back but, whether because she was enjoying it, because he was enjoying it, or because she knew deep inside her that it was wrong, she failed and gave in. The flood continued, more than she expected, or even thought possible. She thought she should stop now, but it felt so good. She just couldn't.

He was gripping the pad tighter now, through her knickers, rubbing it back and forth faster and faster, harder and harder, his other hand making its way up her thigh and inside her silk blouse.

His hand was wet with her pee and it left a trail behind it as he moved it around her body. She could not imagine how wet his pants must be, pushed up against her as she peed. When she finally finished, she felt exhausted. It was as if the orgasm never ended, drawn out by the sensation of peeing so freely. She realised that she was still gripping the sides of her soaking wet knickers, rolled up and twisted, though still not pulled all the way up. She let them go and moved her hands onto his, pressing them harder against herself, and he took the direction. His hands gripped tighter, on her breast, on the pad in her loose hanging knickers, and she took her hands away to explore his body.

Following her curiosity she went straight for his pants. As she suspected, they were dripping wet. He might as well have just been swimming. The feel of her pee soaking his pants, and what was beneath them, made her want to pee more. What was this? She had been horrified at the small trickles leaking into her pants recently. Twenty minutes ago, she had been convinced that she could never have sex again after accidentally peeing fully in front of her date. Now all she wanted to do was to pee herself even more, and her date was drenched in her pee, and by the feel of his cock he was very happy about it. She fumbled with his belt with her left hand for a second then gave up, unzipping his fly and pulling out his rock-hard cock. 

She could not believe how much this was turning him on, but then, it was turning her on just as much. She stroked his cock, sliding up and down the pee-soaked shaft. Now his hand was underneath her bra, fondling her nipple and grasping her breast in turn. Her right hand came into play to tackle the belt and proved more successful. As his pants dropped to the floor with the weight of all the pee soaked up in the fabric, she reached for his hand at her crotch and hesitantly moved it away. He moved away from her neck now and looked her in the eyes. Her heavy knickers followed his pants to the floor and stepping out of them she drew his cock toward her. Lowering herself she met his gaze and they stared at each other intensely.

Up until now she had been mostly passive in this, pissing herself by accident then having someone show her the unknown pleasures to be found there, then pissing herself by accident again while he does that. Now for an instant she wanted to take control. She stopped for a few seconds then somehow after peeing enough for three, she managed to push a bit more out, all over his waiting cock. He gasped in ecstasy, then before he could even fully enjoy it, she pulled him closer and into her pussy. Now they both gasped as he took his hand, adorned with pee and bits of the pad which had apparently torn, and wrapped it around her thigh, raising it up and thrusting deep into her.

He thrust again, and again, and again. His other hand moved from her breast, grabbed her blouse from the inside and tore it open. Buttons flung everywhere as he pulled the strap of her bra off her shoulder, exposing her breast for him to take into his mouth. As he tongued her nipple, she felt a sensation rising again. His cock inside her, its base rubbing against her clit as he thrust in and out, his tongue lapping at her nipple... she threw her head back again and let out not a sigh, but a moan this time, deep yet breathy, and she felt her one standing leg weaken.

Her knee started to bend, and she slid down the wall. Her man removed himself from her and followed her down. She sat on the floor against the wall, legs spread, in a puddle of her piss, exhausted, but he wasn't done with her yet. He slid backwards on the slick tile, lay belly down in the puddle and plunged his mouth into her crotch. She gasped again as he began to lick the pee from her lips and then searched for her clit. Once he found it, he started tonguing it vigorously, and she began to feel a rising sensation again, though rather than another orgasm, this felt like the urge to pee was back. 

"I can't!" She thought, "There can't be any left, surely!". She was wrong. She started peeing again with his mouth at her pussy. It didn't slow him down. In fact, he only seemed to get more excited. She lifted him up towards her and kissed him deep, tasting her pee for the first time. She expected much worse, and she actually found it quite sweet. She also found that it turned her on even more. She pushed her man back gently to the floor and with him lying in the puddle she knelt over him and lowered herself onto his cock. She rode him there on the wet floor, his hands washing over her breasts and body, wet from the puddle. 

Her pee was all over them both now. The thought was driving her hips, rocking back and forth harder and faster with each thought, each splash, each touch of her nipples or grasp of her arse. He started to thrust up into her deeper as she rode him, splashing more each time he dipped back down. She felt him slow and tense up. He started shaking and as soon as she realised what was happening, she felt it too. She arched backward as he thrust one last time into her, filling her with his cum. She felt each contraction, each squirt inside her, and each one edged her closer until she came as well, falling forward onto him and quaking.

She lied still for a while, eventually rolling off. They lied together on the floor in silence for a while longer, catching their breath. The pee surrounding them had grown cold. "That won't do", Maria thought to herself in her cheekiest inner voice and, without moving an inch, she let what must have been the last of her pee flow out of her, down her pussy, over her arse, and onto the floor.

*003*2023-09-27 11:30

{{14 hours ago, vincp44 said:

Hot story, thanks for posting! 👍 🙂

}}

Thanks! It's my first fiction. Good to hear some positive feedback!

{{11 hours ago, derektor_2000 said:

Maria is my new dream girl! Thanks for posting!!

}}

She's a saucy one! I might try some more of these and revisit her.

*005*2023-09-27 13:32

{{53 minutes ago, nappypants said:

Great story! My kind of woman… I’d love to hear more of her, maybe progressing to full adult nappies!

}}

Anything could happen!

*008*2023-09-27 20:06

{{1 hour ago, vincp44 said:

Progressing to full nappies is an option, but why not stay in the incontinence pads lane for a change 🥰

If larger pads work for her, and she feels comfortable wearing them...

They can create their own dynamics, conflicts, embarrassments. In tight pants / leggings they are best kept in place, but can create a distinctive bulge... which she always wants to hide (in public), but the fetishist very much wants to see (in public) 🥰

}}

Good thoughts. It's good getting this kind of feedback and knowing what people like to see. I like the pads direction because they're more discrete and you never know who might be wearing them, and how much pee might be in them. Nappies can be hot but I'm always disappointed by how little spillage, if any, there is in those videos.

Perhaps I could write more of that into a nappy story but pads have a lot more potential for the pee spilling out.

*010*2023-09-27 20:46

{{3 minutes ago, vincp44 said:

LOL... you know what a good nappy/diaper is supposed to do, right? 😋

}}

I think it's up for debate haha

