(9) His father heard about it

Author: Tom22

*000*2017-07-23 09:38

After he quickly left the hospital wing Draco just went to class like nothing had happened. He had told Harry about it, only not about the pee part. He was pretty embarrassed about it. The last class before lunch was Transfiguration and it only was ten more minutes before class was finished. Draco really started to need to pee by now, he was glad class was almost over so he could go to the bathroom before lunch. He wasn't really paying attention anymore and he was squirming nervously in his seat. Harry noticed and looked at him.

'Are you alright?' He whispered.

Draco looked at him kinda shy.

'Yes. I need to pee...'

Harry saw that Draco blushed and he couldn't help but think that was really cute.

Even though Draco had told him what was wrong, Harry felt like this wasn't the only thing that was worrying Malfoy. He looked very nervous, and he usually wasn't.

Harry decided not to ask him anything about cause he knew it would only annoy him.

When class was finished Draco quickly put all his stuff in his bag and got up. Harry wanted to stay with him but Draco looked at him.

'I'm going to the bathroom first. I'll see you after lunch okay?' He said while shifting his weight from his one leg to his other.

Harry actually wanted to come with him but he knew Draco wouldn't like it so he didn't say anything.

'Okay.' He said instead.

Draco just forced a smile and got his bag, walking down the hallway towards the bathroom. Oh god he really had to go! He was almost there when suddenly a tall man with long blonde hair, wearing a long black coat walked up to him.

His father!

What was he doing here?

Draco panicked and stopped.

'Draco.' Lucius said while looking at his son. 'I was looking for you. I'd like to talk to you about a couple things. I hope you don't mind.' He didn't even ask him and turned around.

'If you want to follow me to professor Snape's office.'

Draco looked at the boys bathroom a couple steps away. His bladder was begging him to go but he just couldn't do it now.

'Yes father.' He said instead and he followed him to Snape's office.

He didn't have any choice...

They arrived in Snape's office and Lucius sat down behind the desk.

'Take a seat.'

Draco made sure he closed the door behind him and did what his father asked him. He sat down on the chair in front of him, there was so much pressure on his bladder and it was hard to ignore.

He just had to, okay? He wasn't going to embarrass himself even more in front of his father.

Lucius looked at him.

'I think you know why I came?'

Draco looked down at his feet. The pressure in his bladder only got worse and he couldn't help it and moved his legs a little.

'Look at me when I talk to you!' His father then yelled.

Draco wasn't expecting this and he quickly looked at him. He looked angry...

'Aren't you going to excuse yourself.' Mr. Malfoy said, not even trying to make it a question.

'I'm sorry, father.' Draco answered softly. He felt bad, his bladder wasn't making him feel better. He had to go really badly and he knew this wasn't the right moment.

Lucius grinned.

'Good. Anyways why I am here. Professor Snape talked to me yesterday about your behaviour and it's least to say pretty disappointing...'

Draco felt his bladder contract and squirmed.

His father noticed and gave him an annoyed look.

'Sit still!'

Draco looked down again.

'What I mean is: what did that Potter do in your room last night? Or should I say in your bed?'

Draco didn't say anything. He didn't know what to say. He felt bad and his bladder was about to explode. He tried his best to sit still cause he knew his father would get even more angry but it was so hard.

'It's not my fault, father.' He answered quietly.

'Oh no?'

'It was Potter...' Draco continued. 'He just came to my room and got in my bed....'

'Come on Draco! That's ridiculous!' Lucius interrupted him.

'It's true, father.' Draco answered. 'I didn't want it...but he didn't listen and I yelled so that's why Snape came...'

Lucius raised his eyebrows and looked at his son. He looked very uncomfortable, proof that he was lying.

'Is it true that you were feeling sick?' He said then.

Draco nodded his head.

'Yes...'

It was silent for a while.

Draco felt his bladder filling and he squirmed again, he couldn't take this anymore.

'Draco can you please sit still?' Lucius said annoyed.

'Father...can I please be excused...?' Draco asked with a desperate look on his face. He was now squeezing his thighs to prevent himself from peeing.

'And why would you want to be excused, Draco?' He answered dry.

'This is a very serious conversation.'

Come on, I have to go!

Draco now couldn't stop squirming, it looked ridiculous but it was the only way to hold it.

'I need to use the bathroom, father.' He answered desperate.

'Right. I'm sure you can wait till we're finished.' Lucius answered while looking at him.

Draco was literally bursting.

'I really can't...I'm going to pee myself...'

Draco admitted, he felt so embarrassed and he felt his pale face going red.

Lucius looked at him very serious.

'That brings me to the next subject. Professor Snape told me you wet yourself during his class?' He comminuted, totally ignoring his sons desperation.

Draco felt miserable. He couldn't sit still and tried the hardest he could to hold it.

'I didn't mean to, father. I was an accident...'

'An accident! How old are you, Draco? 15?....'

Draco sighed.

'Yes...'

'Then behave like you are!' His father yelled.

Draco was about to cry. His bladder couldn't take it anymore and it started throbbing. He crossed his legs tightly when he felt some pee coming out. He couldn't hold it anymore...

'I'm sorry, father...' Draco said while looking down. 'Can I now please...'

'No! How am I supposed to have a conversation with you when you're squirming on your seat like a child always asking me to leave?' Lucius yelled.

Draco didn't say anything.

He had to go so badly it was really hurting him. Why couldn't he just let him go? He couldn't concentrate like this!

'Now the real reason. Do you think your interesting when you wet yourself in front of the class? Attention, is that what you want?'

Draco shook his head.

'No...it really was an accident! It's all Snape's fault, he wouldn't let me go.'

Lucius nodded his head.

'I can't imagine professor Snape acting like that. He's a very nice man, Draco. Your should have a bit more respect for him.'

Draco was really losing it right now. He was about to pee himself, his father wouldn't listen to him and now he said he didn't have enough respect for Snape?

'I can't have respect for someone who enjoys torturing his students!' Draco yelled.

Lucius looked at him, shocked.

'First of all you do not talk to me like this and second Snape would never torture his students. I know him well enough to know that...'

'Oh shut up!' Draco yelled ' you're just as horrible as Snape. I'm done with this!'

He was so mad now he didn't even care anymore. Draco got up and walked to the door but his father got out his wand and cast a spell to lock the door.

Draco freaked out.

'Let me out!! You don't have the right to lock me here! I need to use the bathroom, now!'

He crossed his legs tightly and bended over.

His bladder was cramping again, it hurt so much.

Lucius got up and walked up to him.

'Stand up!'

'I can't...it hurts...' Draco cried.

'Stop acting like a loser!' Lucius yelled while grabbing Draco's arm.

He now pushed him against the locked door and he stood right in front of him.

Draco was crying now, he was shifting his weight from his one leg to his other trying to hold it. He had to but he knew he couldn't do it for long anymore.

'Stop crying! You don't even deserve to be part of the Malfoys!' His father yelled then, followed by his hand, which slapped Draco right across his face.

'No....stop...' Draco begged, knowing what would happen next if his father kept hitting him.

Lucius was holding Draco's face with both hands, forcing him to make eye contact. The blonde boy was squirming like crazy, shifting from his one leg to his other trying not to lose it.

'Listen to me Draco!' He yelled.

Tears were running down Draco's face, just at that moment he also felt wetness at his crotch area. Oh god...he was peeing...no no no!

'You're going to behave because otherwise I will have to punish you...and you know my punishments are...'

Draco didn't listen anymore. The only thing he tried was to get away but his father's grip was too tight.

'Father...let me go please...I can't hold it anymore...' He cried.

The pee was now dripping in his underwear, he couldn't stop he was going to completely wet himself if his father didn't let him go now.

'Stop acting like this!' Lucius yelled. 'You're just over reacting!'

'I'm not...' Draco cried 'I have to go....really I can't...'

He didn't even get the chance to finish his sentence or the pee started gushing out. He couldn't help it. He was peeing forcefully, the warm pee was now running down his legs, soaking his trousers and robe. You could hear the urine hitting the floor and forming a puddle at his feet. Draco only looked at it and kept peeing till he was done. His bladder was sore from the holding and his trousers were drenched with pee, it even got in his shoes but he felt so relieved. So relieved that he even forgot his father who was standing right in front of him.

He didn't dare to look....

When he did he saw the furious look on his father's face.

He took his hand and slapped him again, harder this time.

Draco started crying again.

'No please father...I'm sorry...' He cried.

'Stop making excuses! I told you not to wet yourself!' Lucius yelled.

'But I couldn't hold it...you wouldn't let me go and...'

Another slap in his face. It hurt, it really hurt.

'You'll learn your lesson, Mr. Malfoy!' Lucius yelled before walking away.

Draco was crying hysterically. He didn't even care anymore. He leaned against the closed door and sat on the ground, right into the puddle he just made. He just sat there with his drenched trousers and robe, full of pee. With a red face from crying and from his father's hand...

He felt worse than ever. He wished he could just die...

