Tales of Wet Horror: Chapter 2: Why you should hate Clowns

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-07-10 20:39

Tales of Wet Horror

Chapter 2

Why you should hate clowns.

It was around a month ago and I was at that carnival. That dirty ass one, where all the rides look like they're from the 80's and smell of old corn dogs and puke. I swear to go it's fucking horrible. I was there with Tyler, Kate and Alyssa. Alyssa kept asking:

“Let's go on the teacups!” In this Uber childish voice.

I actually really wanted to go on them but, Kate kept telling her to bug off. Tyler was just there to try to get into one of our pants, I think he was leaning to Alyssa the most, probably thought he could work that. Heh. Anyway, we'd been there for about an hour and we were totally eating so much carnival food, candy floss, toffee apples, all that kinda stuff. Only bad thing was that I kept getting this bad taste in my mouth and hand to drink a buncha of soda. I was kinda needing it, but there was no way in hell I was using one of those disgusting ass porta potties.

I looked to my right and saw a ghost train...it looked hilarious, but it helped me stay away from those teacups. We walked over and over to the ride and looked for the guy in charge of the ride. He didn't seem to be around so we turned to leave and suddenly there's this clown in front of us.

“Hello! You wanna ride?” He said with a massive grin. He...had a full set of white teeth. My god, for a guy who probably ate nothing but candy, he had a mazing teeth. A little sharp though.

“Jesus fucking christ!” Tyler yelled out.

“Now now. No swearing. There's kids about” He made a gesture with his arm to circle the area. “Say something like that again and they'll be trouble” I was starting to think that smiles was permanent. It persisted up his cheeks and looked like somebody had stretched his face, forcing that everlasting grin. I couldn't look at him for more than 10 seconds before having to turn away. He had these eyes, black eyes. At the time I thought he was wearing contact lenses, but later on. I found out just how wrong I was.

“Sure. How much is it?” Kate said. Ghost trains were her kind of thing. She enjoyed it when they sucked, the worse the better.

“It's free, my dears.” he said with a giggle, he was staring at me when talking. It's like he could tell just how much he was scaring me. “You'll have given me my payment by the end.” He gestured the way in. “Have fun.”

“Before we go in, I'd just like to say, you are a freaky ass clown.” Tyler said, pointing at the clown.

His smile suddenly disappeared and he grabbed Tyler by the collar. “Look you little turd, you're gonna go on this fuckin' ride and if you don't I'm gonna kill your whole fuckin' family, GOT IT?!!” He through Tyler forward, he lost his footing and fell to the ground. Kate stopped him from attacking the clown. The clown just went back to that grin and he just stared. Right at me. It was so horrible. I couldn't help but shudder.

“I've decided that I hate clowns.” Tyler sneered. A train cart rolled into place on the track, it probably used to be red but now it was more dark brown. I looked down onto the seats and in the front I saw two stains...I really hoped they were just spilt drink stains.

We all got into the different compartments in the cart and the ride started with a jolt. A bar slammed down and smacked me in the knee, Great. I then had a dead leg. I looked to Kate on the left of me. She looked nervous, I guess I wasn't the only one scared by the clown. The ride suddenly started with a massive jolt, the bar slammed right into my bladder. Great. Now I need to pee. I looked to Kate and saw she looked anything but amused.

“Kate?” I asked, grabbing her leg.”You okay?” She was looking terrified.

“Oh my god. That is not possible” She suddenly screamed, she began to shake the cart “Lemme get off! Lemme get off!” I looked in front of us and saw nothing inside it, just a dark blue colour. I didn't get why she was screaming. I looked behind me and saw the other two had the same expression on their face. What was so damn terrifying that I couldn't see?

“Hey girly!” I looked onto the track behind us and saw the clown standing there, holding some balloons. “Enjoy yourself! And remember! It's not real!” He laughed. When we went into the tunnel all I could hear was his laughter.

I blinked and suddenly I'm underwater, it was so deep, I couldn’t see the other side. I was so far down and sinking even further. How the hell did I even get there? This isn't possible! I can't be here. I was almost out of air and started swimming towards the surface. I made it to the top and I was in an ocean! It was impossible! I swear to god! It only got worse from there. I looked around and saw this massive sharks fin headed towards me. I swear I almost shit myself then and there. I've been terrified of sharks ever since I saw Jaws as a child. Just this massive predator suddenly coming out of the darkness over the water, being trapped in this massive ocean with no escape from it. I was so scared. I was beyond scared, terrified. I starting screaming and struggling in the water and the shark just kept getting closer and closer.

I'm suddenly yanked out of the ocean and onto a boat. How did I not see this thing? It was one of those stereotypical small fishing boats, it looked like it'd been through hell, all the paint was coming off, the wood was cracked on the sides of it and it stank of fish...and candy floss? I turned to see who saved me from the shark.

“Having fun, girly?” my saviour said. I quickly turned around and pushed myself to the edge of the boat, curling up against the side. It was the god damn clown!

“How are you doing this?” I sobbed. “Why?”

“How, now that's a li'l complicated. But why? Well...because it's funny” The clown said with a giggle. “Now...there's one way to get outta this.”

“How! Tell me!” I screamed at him, suddenly bursting with rage. “Tell me how to get back to the fucking carnival!”

His hand shot forward and grabbed my throat “Use language like that again girl, and I'm gonna gut you like one of those fish.” He threw me back down. “Now. I can't tell you out right, but I can hint at it. Remember those stains on the cart chairs?”

“Yeah, the drinks stains.” I said. He burst out laughing.

“Hehe. Drink stains, good one.” He said, wiping a tear from his eye.

“Oh god it really was piss.” I said, I realised what he wanted me to do. “Is that the only way?”

“Well, it's not asking much is it?” He replied with a shrug. “I'll help you” he suddenly got out a large meat cleaver and slammed it down in between my legs. “You ready now girly? Because this is gonna keep getting closer till you do it!” He was laughing so hard.

I looked down to the crotch of my jeans and starting pushing, nothing happened. I kept pushing and pushing, trying to force a little bit of urine into my black thong. The clown slammed the cleaver down, closer to my crotch and I jumped, I felt a sudden spurt of urine shoot out.

“There we go.” He said with a grin. How did he even know?

I pushed again and I started a weak stream. I could feel it pooling in the centre of my legs and moving down my thighs. It actually felt...pretty nice. I shouldn't be saying that considering there’s a fucking homicidal clown stood in front of me! But...it was kinda erotic. I relaxed and continued to piss. I could feel the warmth radiating from it and I was starting to get turned on. I'd ruined my jeans and thong but it was well worth it. Plus it might just've saved my life.

“Well girly, a deals a deal. But since you seem to have enjoyed that more than I did. I think I'll let you do it again” The clown said with a mischievous smile.

“What do you-”

And then we came back to the entrance of the ride. I looked around and saw everybody was okay. They were looking around confused as well. Was that real? What had just happened? And...where was the clown? I looked down to the others and saw all their parts were wet as well. I looked at my own and saw my...I was dry. But I remember wetting myself on the boat. How was I dry? We all agreed never to talk about this, people would just think we're crazy and we all split up in different directions.

I walked home alone, wondering what in the hell I had just experience when I suddenly felt this immense throbbing pain in my bladder and I realised what he meant by letting me do it again. I tried speeding up, I was already on my street, but when I tried it, I started leaking. I could feel the warmth again as it heated up my crotch area. It was such a turn on. I started walking, seeing if that would stop the leaking. It did in one way but it only reduced it to a dribble. I had to face it, I wasn't getting home dry. I stopped and looked down. I started relaxing and I felt the urine start to come out at full force, it fell down the insides of my left leg and spread around my ass cheek. It continued on for around 30 seconds, I had to stop myself from playing with myself in the street. When I'd finally finished, I started walking again, beginning to think that maybe this was all a dream and I was just gonna wake up to a pissed bed or something. I went inside and went to bed.

I woke up the next morning and saw that I WAS right. It had been a dream...and I had pissed the bed. I rolled up my sheets into a ball and began making my way down to the basement, where the washing machine was. I dumped my sheets and my underwear in there. I got changed for the day and headed out to meet Kate.

I got to the front door and there was a balloon tied to my front gate. It had a message on it. It said “Just remember. It wasn't real...was it? - C”

All the girls were silent.

“TMI?” Cassie asked, bright red.

“TMI.” Kim replied quickly.

“I..erm think I'm up next.” Jessica suddenly said.

“Someone's eager.” Liz said with a grin.

“I just wanna get it over with” Jessica replied, bright red and looking down at the floor nervously.

“Wait till I get back. I kinda peed a little just talking about it” Cassie said standing.

“Seriously?” Kim asked, annoyed “Can people please stop wetting all over the camp site!”

“Okay, hurry though. I'll tell about mine when you get back” Jessica said.

To be continued.

Funfact: I don't actually hate clowns...I HATE MIMES.

Also I'm terrified of Sharks.

Feel free to comment.

